智能--它是什么？	Intelligence -- what is it?
当我们回顾在历史上 智能是如何被看待的， 一个开创性的例子是 艾兹格•迪杰斯特拉的著名引述， "关于一台机器能否思考的问题 与关于 一艘潜艇是否会游泳的问题 几乎同样有趣"。	If we take a look back at the history of how intelligence has been viewed, one seminal example has been Edsger Dijkstra's famous quote that "the question of whether a machine can think is about as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
当艾兹格•迪杰斯特拉 写下这句话的时候， 他的用意是去批判那些 早年间开辟了计算机科学的先锋， 比如阿兰 · 图灵。	Now, Edsger Dijkstra, when he wrote this, intended it as a criticism of the early pioneers of computer science, like Alan Turing.
然而，如果你回顾过去 并予以思考，有哪些 最有利于发展的创新， 让我们有机会能够制造出 会游泳的机器 和会[飞]的机器， 你会发现，只有通过了解 游泳和飞行 背后的物理机制， 我们才有能力去制造这些机器。	However, if you take a look back and think about what have been the most empowering innovations that enabled us to build artificial machines that swim and artificial machines that [fly], you find that it was only through understanding the underlying physical mechanisms of swimming and flight that we were able to build these machines.
所以说，在几年前， 我着手了一个项目， 试图去了解 智能背后的 基础物理机制。	And so, several years ago, I undertook a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
我们先退一步说。	Let's take a step back.
首先，让我们从一个思维实验开始。	Let's first begin with a thought experiment.
假装你是一个外星人， 你对地球上的生物学、 神经科学和智能一无所知， 但你有绝佳的望远镜， 因此你能观望地球， 你的寿命也惊人地长， 所以你可以观察地球 超过数百万年，甚至几十亿年。	Pretend that you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about Earth biology or Earth neuroscience or Earth intelligence, but you have amazing telescopes and you're able to watch the Earth, and you have amazingly long lives, so you're able to watch the Earth over millions, even billions of years.
然后你观察到一个很奇怪的现象。	And you observe a really strange effect.
你观察到，几千年来， 地球不断地与小行星发生碰撞 直到某一刻， 而在那一刻， 大约对应的是公元2000年， 那些在地球撞击轨道 上的小行星， 本该相撞 但却被神秘地弹开了 或者在碰到地球之前就引爆了。	You observe that, over the course of the millennia, Earth is continually bombarded with asteroids up until a point, and that at some point, corresponding roughly to our year, 2000 AD, asteroids that are on a collision course with the Earth that otherwise would have collided mysteriously get deflected or they detonate before they can hit the Earth.
当然，作为地球人， 我们知道其中的原因是 我们正试图自我拯救。	Now of course, as earthlings, we know the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
我们要防止撞击发生。	We're trying to prevent an impact.
但如果你是一个外星人， 对这些一无所知， 对地球上的智能也没有任何概念， 这就迫使你去总结 一种物理理论， 去解释其原因， 直到在某一刻， 本应摧毁一个星球表面的小行星， 神秘地停止了这种行为。	But if you're an alien race who doesn't know any of this, doesn't have any concept of Earth intelligence, you'd be forced to put together a physical theory that explains how, up until a certain point in time, asteroids that would demolish the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing that.
因此我声称这个问题 与理解智能的物理本质的问题 是相同的。	And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
因此，在我几年前着手的 这个项目中， 我研究了许多不同的线程， 跨越科学界，跨越多个学科， 在我看来，他们都指向 一个统一的、潜在的 智能机制。	So in this program that I undertook several years ago, I looked at a variety of different threads across science, across a variety of disciplines, that were pointing, I think, towards a single, underlying mechanism for intelligence.
因此，考虑所有这些不同的线程 并把它们放在一起， 从几年前开始我就在问， 有没有一种潜在的智能机制 可以让我们分解出 所有这些不同的线程？	And so, taking all of these different threads and putting them together, I asked, starting several years ago, is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can factor out of all of these different threads?
是否存在一个 关于智能的公式？	Is there a single equation for intelligence?
而我相信答案是有。 ["F = T ∇ SΤ"] 你看到的可能是 我所见过最接近于 E = mc² 的智慧。	And the answer, I believe, is yes. ["F = T ∇ Sτ"] What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = mc² for intelligence that I've seen.
所以你在这里看到的 是一张对应表， 其中智能是一种力量，F， 它的作用是为了便于将未来的 行动自由最大化。	So what you're seeing here is a statement of correspondence that intelligence is a force, F, that acts so as to maximize future freedom of action.
它的作用是将未来的 行动自由最大化， 或是保留灵活的选择权， 与一种力量 T， 和有多种可能性的、 可实现的未来，S， 一直到某个未来的开始， tau。	It acts to maximize future freedom of action, or keep options open, with some strength T, with the diversity of possible accessible futures, S, up to some future time horizon, tau.
简而言之，智能不喜欢被困住。	In short, intelligence doesn't like to get trapped.
智能试图将未来的行动自由最大化， 并保留选择权。	Intelligence tries to maximize future freedom of action and keep options open.
所以，鉴于这一公式， 你自然会问， 那么这些可以让你做什么？	And so, given this one equation, it's natural to ask, so what can you do with this?
它是预测性有多高？	How predictive is it?
它能否预测人类的智能水平？	Does it predict human-level intelligence?
它能够预测人工智能吗？	Does it predict artificial intelligence?
因此，我将要展示给你们一段视频， 我认为，它会展示出 单是这一个公式的 一些惊人的应用。	So I'm going to show you now a video that will, I think, demonstrate some of the amazing applications of just this single equation.
但假如那个在熵与智能之间 暂定的宇宙链接 暗示着更深层的关系呢？	But what if that tentative cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence hints at a deeper relationship?
如果智能的行为不仅只与 长期熵的生产相关， 而是直接由其产生的呢？	What if intelligent behavior doesn't just correlate with the production of long-term entropy, but actually emerges directly from it?
为了找到答案， 我们开发了一个软件引擎 称为 Entropica， 设计的意图是将 长期熵的生产最大化， 无论它身在任何系统内。	To find out, we developed a software engine called Entropica, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy of any system that it finds itself in.
惊人的是，Entropica 通过了 多个动物的智能测验、 玩人类的游戏、 甚至在股票交易中赚钱， 而且完全没有被给出那些指示。	Amazingly, Entropica was able to pass multiple animal intelligence tests, play human games, and even earn money trading stocks, all without being instructed to do so.
下面是一些 Entropica 的行动实例。	Here are some examples of Entropica in action.
就像人类站立不会跌到， 这里我们可以看到 Entropica 自动地使用购物车去平衡棍子。	Just like a human standing upright without falling over, here we see Entropica automatically balancing a pole using a cart.
这种行为可以说是非常卓越的 因为我们从未给 Entropica 设定一个目标。	This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Entropica a goal.
它自己就决定去平衡那根棍子。	It simply decided on its own to balance the pole.
这种平衡能力将能应用于 人形机器人 和人类的辅助科技。	This balancing ability will have appliactions for humanoid robotics and human assistive technologies.
正如一些动物可以使用 环境中的物体作为工具 去伸入狭窄的空间， 这里我们可以看到 Entropica， 同样是自主的， 能够移动一个表示动物的大圆盘 去把一个表示工具的小圆盘， 去深入一个狭窄的空间， 那里有第三个圆盘， 并把第三个圆盘从它初始 的静态解放出来.	Just as some animals can use objects in their environments as tools to reach into narrow spaces, here we see that Entropica, again on its own initiative, was able to move a large disk representing an animal around so as to cause a small disk, representing a tool, to reach into a confined space holding a third disk and release the third disk from its initially fixed position.
这种工具的使用能力将能运用于 智能制造业和农业。	This tool use ability will have applications for smart manufacturing and agriculture.
此外，正如其他一些动物 能够合作起来同时去拉 一根绳子的两端 从而释放食物， 这里我们可以看到 Entropica 有能力完成 这项任务的模型版本。	In addition, just as some other animals are able to cooperate by pulling opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Entropica is able to accomplish a model version of that task.
这种合作能力能够带来有趣的影响， 在经济规划和各种其他领域中。	This cooperative ability has interesting implications for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entropica 可以广泛适用于 各种各样的领域。	Entropica is broadly applicable to a variety of domains.
例如，在这里我们看到它成功的 与自己玩乒乓球游戏， 说明其在游戏界的潜力。	For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of pong against itself, illustrating its potential for gaming.
在这里我们看到 Entropica 指挥着 社交网络上新的关系， 在这朋友们不断的失去联系 并成功地保持有效的网络连接。	Here we see Entropica orchestrating new connections on a social network where friends are constantly falling out of touch and successfully keeping the network well connected.
这种相同的网络指挥能力 在医疗保健、能源、和智能方面 都有相关的应用。	This same network orchestration ability also has applications in health care, energy, and intelligence.
这里我们可以看到 Entropica 指挥一支舰队的路径， 成功地发现并利用巴拿马运河， 然后将其范围从大西洋到太平洋 全球性地扩大。	Here we see Entropica directing the paths of a fleet of ships, successfully discovering and utilizing the Panama Canal to globally extend its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
同样的，Entropica 可以广泛地适用于 自主防御、 物流和运输地应用。	By the same token, Entropica is broadly applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
最后，在这里我们看到 Entropica 自主地发现和执行 一个低买高卖的策略， 这是在模拟的范围交易股票上， 它成功地将其管理的资产 成指数升涨。	Finally, here we see Entropica spontaneously discovering and executing a buy-low, sell-high strategy on a simulated range traded stock, successfully growing assets under management exponentially.
这种风险管理的能力 将在金融和保险领域 有广泛的应用。	This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
阿历克斯•维斯纳-格罗斯： 你刚看到的 是各种具有代表性的人类智能 的认知行为， 例如工具的使用、直立行走 和社会合作， 它们都遵循一个公式， 该公式所驱动的系统 是要将其未来的行动自由最大化。	Alex Wissner-Gross: So what you've just seen is that a variety of signature human intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tool use and walking upright and social cooperation all follow from a single equation, which drives a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
现在，这里存在一个深刻的讽刺。	Now, there's a profound irony here.
回到最初， 机器人这个术语的用法， "RUR，"这出戏， 总存在一种概念就是 如果我们开发了机器智能 就会产生一个人工智能的叛变。	Going back to the beginning of the usage of the term robot, the play "RUR," there was always a concept that if we developed machine intelligence, there would be a cybernetic revolt.
机器会奋起反抗我们。	The machines would rise up against us.
这项工作的主要成果之一 就是也许这几十年间， 我们对于人工智能的叛变 的整个概念 是颠倒的。	One major consequence of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cybernetic revolt in reverse.
机器不是先有了智慧 然后才变得狂妄 并试图接管世界的。	It's not that machines first become intelligent and then megalomaniacal and try to take over the world.
另一个重要的成果是寻找目标。	Another important consequence is goal seeking.
我经常被问道， 寻找目标的能力 怎么会遵循这种框架结构呢？	I'm often asked, how does the ability to seek goals follow from this sort of framework?
最后，理查德 · 费曼， 这位著名的物理学家， 曾经写道， 如果人类文明被摧毁 并且你只能将一个概念 传承给我们的后代， 来帮助他们重建文明， 这个概念应该是 我们身边的一切物质 都是由微小的元素组成的， 它们之间距离远的时候 会相互吸引， 但在靠的很近时 它们会互相排斥。	Finally, Richard Feynman, famous physicist, once wrote that if human civilization were destroyed and you could pass only a single concept on to our descendants to help them rebuild civilization, that concept should be that all matter around us is made out of tiny elements that attract each other when they're far apart but repel each other when they're close together.
我与这句话等同的声明， 来传递给后代， 帮助他们建立人工智能 或是帮助他们理解 人类的智慧， 是如下的话： 智能应该被看作是 一个物理过程， 它试图将未来的行动自由最大化 并且避免在自己的未来中的约束。	My equivalent of that statement to pass on to descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: Intelligence should be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
非常感谢。	Thank you very much.
我想大家都有个柜	I think we all have closets.
你所谓的出柜 有的或许是你跟她第一次说我爱你 或许告诉别人你怀孕了 或许告诉别人你患有癌症 甚至是其他我们都经历过的 难以启齿的谈话	Your closet may be telling someone you love her for the first time, or telling someone that you're pregnant, or telling someone you have cancer, or any of the other hard conversations we have throughout our lives.
所谓的柜就是一次说不出口的谈话 虽然我们的话题涉及广泛 在柜中 和出柜的经历都是相通的	All a closet is is a hard conversation, and although our topics may vary tremendously, the experience of being in and coming out of the closet is universal.
这种感觉很可怕 尽管我们都不喜欢 但是还得这样做	It is scary, and we hate it, and it needs to be done.
几年以前 我在South Side Walnut咖啡店工作 一个当地的餐厅 那段时间我经历了 激进女同性恋的紧张 没有刮我的腋毛 引用福音Ani DiFranco的歌词	Several years ago, I was working at the South Side Walnut Cafe, a local diner in town, and during my time there I would go through phases of militant lesbian intensity: not shaving my armpits, quoting Ani DiFranco lyrics as gospel.
由于我宽松的工装短裤 还有我最近的发型 经常会有人问我 通常是小孩儿问我 "嗯，你是男孩还是女孩？"	And depending on the bagginess of my cargo shorts and how recently I had shaved my head, the question would often be sprung on me, usually by a little kid: "Um, are you a boy or are you a girl?"
随之而来的是一阵尴尬的寂静	And there would be an awkward silence at the table.
我紧咬牙关 怀着报复的心紧握着咖啡罐	I'd clench my jaw a little tighter, hold my coffee pot with a little more vengeance.
爸爸尴尬地乱翻着报纸 妈妈冷漠地盯着孩子	The dad would awkwardly shuffle his newspaper and the mom would shoot a chilling stare at her kid.
但是我说不出口 内心却在沸腾	But I would say nothing, and I would seethe inside.
所以我跟自己讲 下一次 我一定会说什么	So I promised myself, the next time, I would say something.
我会把话说出口	I would have that hard conversation.
所以 过了几个星期 又出现这种状况了	So within a matter of weeks, it happens again.
"你是男孩还是女孩？"	"Are you a boy or are you a girl?"
准备好引用Gloria Steinem的话	I've got my Gloria Steinem quotes.
我甚至从《阴道独白》中选了几句话	I've even got this little bit from "Vagina Monologues" I'm going to do.
我深吸了口气 我低下头看 迎来的是一个穿着粉色裙子的4岁小女孩儿的目光 这个小菜一碟 只是个小孩儿问问题 "你是男孩还是女孩？"	So I take a deep breath and I look down and staring back at me is a four-year-old girl in a pink dress, not a challenge to a feminist duel, just a kid with a question: "Are you a boy or are you a girl?"
我又深吸了口气 在她身旁蹲下来说 "我知道有点不好理解	So I take another deep breath, squat down to next to her, and say, "Hey, I know it's kind of confusing.
我的头发像男生的那样短 我还穿着男生的衣服 但是我是个女孩 有时候你喜欢穿粉色的裙子 有时候喜欢穿舒服的睡衣 对吧	My hair is short like a boy's, and I wear boy's clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know how sometimes you like to wear a pink dress, and sometimes you like to wear your comfy jammies?
那我就是那种喜欢穿舒服睡衣的那种女孩	Well, I'm more of a comfy jammies kind of girl."
这个小孩儿死死的盯着我 都不带眨的 说 "我最喜欢的睡衣是紫色的 上面还有鱼	And this kid looks me dead in the eye, without missing a beat, and says, "My favorite pajamas are purple with fish.
能给我块煎饼吗？"	Can I get a pancake, please?"
来块煎饼怎么样？"	How about that pancake?"
这是有史以来 最简单的一次艰难对话	It was the easiest hard conversation I have ever had.
为什么呢 因为这个煎饼女孩和我 我们对彼此都很真诚	And why? Because Pancake Girl and I, we were both real with each other.
所以 跟很多人一样 我住在自己的几个柜里 是的 而且我的四面墙常常会变成彩色	So like many of us, I've lived in a few closets in my life, and yeah, most often, my walls happened to be rainbow.
但是墙的里面 黑暗中 你却不知道内墙是什么颜色	But inside, in the dark, you can't tell what color the walls are.
你就是知道在柜里是什么感觉	You just know what it feels like to live in a closet.
所以 真的 我的柜和你的 你的 所有人的柜都是一样的	So really, my closet is no different than yours or yours or yours.
当然 我会告诉你100个理由 来解释为什么我出柜会比你出柜要难 但是重点是 难并不是相对的	Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of yours, but here's the thing: Hard is not relative.
各有各的难处	Hard is hard.
谁能告诉我 是跟一个人讲你刚刚破产难 还是跟一个人讲你背叛他难呢	Who can tell me that explaining to someone you've just declared bankruptcy is harder than telling someone you just cheated on them?
谁能告诉我 是一个人说自己出柜难 还是告诉你5岁的孩子你要离婚了难呢	Who can tell me that his coming out story is harder than telling your five-year-old you're getting a divorce?
没有谁更难一些 就只是很难而已	There is no harder, there is just hard.
我们不能把各自的难处排个1234 以此来让我们对自己的柜更好过或更难过些 然后又互相怜悯大家都很难	We need to stop ranking our hard against everyone else's hard to make us feel better or worse about our closets and just commiserate on the fact that we all have hard.
在生活中的某些时刻 我们都闷在柜里 这样我们感到很安全 至少比在柜外面更安全些	At some point in our lives, we all live in closets, and they may feel safe, or at least safer than what lies on the other side of that door.
但是我要告诉大家 不管你的柜是什么材质 那都不是一个人应该住的地方	But I am here to tell you, no matter what your walls are made of, a closet is no place for a person to live.
那时的我 扎着马尾 穿着没有肩带的裙子 蹬着高跟鞋	Me, I had a ponytail, a strapless dress, and high-heeled shoes.
我不是那个紧张的女同性恋 随时准备迎战走进咖啡厅的4岁孩童	I was not the militant lesbian ready to fight any four-year-old that walked into the cafe.
恐惧使我不得动弹 缩在我 那个黑漆漆的柜里 绷紧身为同性恋的神经 我从未 放松过紧绷的那根弦	I was frozen by fear, curled up in the corner of my pitch-black closet clutching my gay grenade, and moving one muscle is the scariest thing I have ever done.
我的家人 朋友 陌生人 我一直都 努力不让这些人失望 然而现在 我却故意 把事情弄的一团糟	My family, my friends, complete strangers -- I had spent my entire life trying to not disappoint these people, and now I was turning the world upside down on purpose.
我把我们一直沿用的脚本 都烧掉 但是如果你不丢掉手中的手榴弹 它会至你于死地	I was burning the pages of the script we had all followed for so long, but if you do not throw that grenade, it will kill you.
让我印象最深刻的一次爆发 是在我姐姐的婚礼上	One of my most memorable grenade tosses was at my sister's wedding.
说了一会儿话后 有个女人大叫着说 "我超爱Nathan Lane！"	And after a little small talk, one of the women shouted out, "I love Nathan Lane!"
就这样一场关于同性恋的话题拉开帷幕	And the battle of gay relatability had begun.
"Ash 你去过Castro吗？"	"Ash, have you ever been to the Castro?"
"恩 内什么 实际上 我们在旧金山有朋友"	"Well, yeah, actually, we have friends in San Francisco."
"内什么 我们没去过那儿 但是听说那儿挺棒的"	"Well, we've never been there but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Ash 你知道我的理发师Antonio吗？	"Ash, do you know my hairdresser Antonio?
他人很好 但是从没听他谈过女性朋友"	He's really good and he has never talked about a girlfriend."
"Ash 你最喜欢哪个电视节目	"Ash, what's your favorite TV show?
我们最喜欢的？ 最喜欢的电视节目非Will & Grace莫属	Our favorite TV show? Favorite: Will & Grace.
你知道我们最爱谁吗 最爱Jack了	And you know who we love? Jack.
我们最喜欢Jack了"	Jack is our favorite."
然后另一个女人 张口结舌 但是极力变现出她的支持 让我明白她是站在我这一边的 她最终脱口而出 "有时候我丈夫穿粉色的T恤"	And then one woman, stumped but wanting so desperately to show her support, to let me know she was on my side, she finally blurted out, "Well, sometimes my husband wears pink shirts."
我可以回到我女性朋友和支持同性恋的那一桌去 对他们这些人的反应嘲笑一番 说他们什么都不懂 他们不能理解我身上所带的同性恋的标签 或者我可以选择感同身受 理解那可能是他们从未做过的最难的事情 开始并进行那样的对话 是他们出柜的表现	I could go back to my girlfriend and my gay-loving table and mock their responses, chastise their unworldliness and their inability to jump through the politically correct gay hoops I had brought with me, or I could empathize with them and realize that that was maybe one of the hardest things they had ever done, that starting and having that conversation was them coming out of their closets.
当然 指出他们不对的地方很容易	Sure, it would have been easy to point out where they felt short.
但是和他们在同一层面上理解 并知道他们在努力却很难	It's a lot harder to meet them where they are and acknowledge the fact that they were trying.
除了让人家努力尝试 你还能要求人家什么呢	And what else can you ask someone to do but try?
如果你想对某人坦诚 那你就要准备好别人同样对你完全坦白	If you're going to be real with someone, you gotta be ready for real in return.
所以进行难的对话仍不是我的强项	So hard conversations are still not my strong suit.
去问问我从未约过会的人就知道了	Ask anybody I have ever dated.
但是我做好的更好了 因为我遵循我称之为 煎饼女孩三原则	But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three Pancake Girl principles.
请各位带上同性恋有色眼镜来看待这个 但是要明白出任何的柜所需的努力 都是一样的	Now, please view this through gay-colored lenses, but know what it takes to come out of any closet is essentially the same.
原则一 要真实	Number one: Be authentic.
卸下你的防御 做真实的自己	Take the armor off. Be yourself.
那个在咖啡厅的女孩就没有防御 然而我却是准备开战	That kid in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
如果你想让别人对你坦诚 你得让他们知道你也有所付出	If you want someone to be real with you, they need to know that you bleed too.
原则二 要直接 有什么说什么 不要绷着	Number two: Be direct. Just say it. Rip the Band-Aid off.
你知道你是同性恋 那就说出来	If you know you are gay, just say it.
如果你告诉你的父母 你可能是同性恋 他们会心有一丝希望 你会改变的	If you tell your parents you might be gay, they will hold out hope that this will change.
不要让他们有这样的错觉	Do not give them that sense of false hope.
你是在坦言有关自己的事情	You are speaking your truth.
不要对此感到抱歉	Never apologize for that.
可能会有人受伤 这是一定的 对你所做的事情道歉 但是不要为你的本质而道歉	And some folks may have gotten hurt along the way, so sure, apologize for what you've done, but never apologize for who you are.
是的 有些人会很失望 但是他们对自己失望 而不是对你	And yeah, some folks may be disappointed, but that is on them, not on you.
那是他们所期望的你的样子 而不是你自己的期望	Those are their expectations of who you are, not yours.
那是他们的故事 而不是属于你的故事	That is their story, not yours.
唯一重要的故事 是你想要书写的那一个	The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
那么下回你发现自己 窝在柜里 手里紧攥着手榴弹时 要知道我们都经历过这个阶段	So the next time you find yourself in a pitch-black closet clutching your grenade, know we have all been there before.
你可能会感到孤独 但实际上不是的	And you may feel so very alone, but you are not.
虽然很难 但是你需要走出柜 不管你的墙是什么 我向你保证 还有些人 从他们柜的锁眼里 寻找下一个勇敢的人推开们 所以做那个勇敢的人吧 让人们知道柜已容不下我们 一个柜不是一个人 能活出真实自己的地方	And we know it's hard but we need you out here, no matter what your walls are made of, because I guarantee you there are others peering through the keyholes of their closets looking for the next brave soul to bust a door open, so be that person and show the world that we are bigger than our closets and that a closet is no place for a person to truly live.
我18年前做过脑部手术， 从那时起， 我就非常热衷于脑科学研究。	I had brain surgery 18 years ago, and since that time, brain science has become a personal passion of mine.
我的本职其实是工程师。	I'm actually an engineer.
现在说正题。¶ 做过脑手术之后就出现这样一个问题：	So that said, there's a stigma when you have brain surgery.
你还和以前一样聪明吗?	Are you still smart or not?
如果不是，你还能重新变聪明吗？	And if not, can you make yourself smart again?
在手术刚刚结束之后， 我就得决定每天要吃的十几种强力药物里， 每一种吃多少。 如果什么药都不吃， 几个小时内我就会死掉。	Immediately after my surgery, I had to decide what amounts of each of over a dozen powerful chemicals to take each day, because if I just took nothing, I would die within hours.
有几次都差点没命。	There have been several close calls.
不过幸好我打心底里是个实验科学家， 所以我觉得我要试验一下， 找到更合适的剂量， 因为这方面实在是没有个详细的 路线图可参考。	But luckily, I'm an experimentalist at heart, so I decided I would experiment to try to find more optimal dosages because there really isn't a clear road map on this that's detailed.
我开始尝试不同的药物搭配， 而我完全没有想到的是， 剂量上的微小改变 竟然会剧烈地改变我的自我感觉， 我认为自己是谁，我的想法， 我对待他人的行为。	I began to try different mixtures, and I was blown away by how tiny changes in dosages dramatically changed my sense of self, my sense of who I was, my thinking, my behavior towards people.
一个非常极端的例子： 有几个月我尝试的药物和剂量 正常是用于20出头的男性的。 让我非常惊讶的是我的想法完全改变了。	One particularly dramatic case: for a couple months I actually tried dosages and chemicals typical of a man in his early 20s, and I was blown away by how my thoughts changed.
我那样的比较极端。	I was kind of extreme.
对我来说，让我惊讶的是， 我并不是想要做个傲慢的人，	But to me, the surprise was, I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
我实际上是想， 虽然不是很确定， 要解决摆在我面前的一个问题， 可结果却不是那样的。	I was actually trying, with a little bit of insecurity, to actually fix a problem in front of me, and it just didn't come out that way.
不过那段经历，我觉得， 让我对男性有了新的认识， 包括他们可能的感受。 而且从那以后 我和男性之间相处得也更好了。	But that experience, I think, gave me a new appreciation for men and what they might walk through, and I've gotten along with men a lot better since then.
我当时试图 调节这些激素 和神经递质等的剂量， 我想要做的是 在生病和手术之后，重新找回我的智慧， 我的创造性思维，我的思考能力。	What I was trying to do with tuning these hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth was to try to get my intelligence back after my illness and surgery, my creative thought, my idea flow.
我主要是通过图像来思考的， 所以对我来说最关键的， 就是如何找回这些大脑中的图像， 因为我是用图像来快速地构建原型想法的。 只要我愿意，我的想法， 会尝试不同规模的新想法， 设想各种场景。	And I think mostly in images, and so for me that became a key metric -- how to get these mental images that I use as a way of rapid prototyping, if you will, my ideas, trying on different new ideas for size, playing out scenarios.
这种思维方式并不罕见。	This kind of thinking isn't new.
哲学家们，像休谟、笛卡儿、霍布斯 也是这样看事情的。	Philiosophers like Hume and Descartes and Hobbes saw things similarly.
他们认为脑中的图像和思想 是一回事。	They thought that mental images and ideas were actually the same thing.
现在有很多人质疑这一点， 也有很多关于大脑如何思考的争论， 但对我来说很简单： 对大多数人来说，大脑中的图像 是在创造性思考中处于核心地位。	There are those today that dispute that, and lots of debates about how the mind works, but for me it's simple: Mental images, for most of us, are central in inventive and creative thinking.
在我试验了几年之后， 我找到了合适的药物剂量， 我脑中开始出现了很多栩栩如生 又非常复杂的图像， 还有图像中包含的思路。	So after several years, I tuned myself up and I have lots of great, really vivid mental images with a lot of sophistication and the analytical backbone behind them.
现在我在做的， 就是如何把我脑子中的这些图像 更快地传到我的电脑屏幕上?	And so now I'm working on, how can I get these mental images in my mind out to my computer screen faster?
想像一下， 如果一个电影导演仅靠她的想象力 就可以导演她眼前的世界?	Can you imagine, if you will, a movie director being able to use her imagination alone to direct the world in front of her?
或者一个音乐家这样就能把他脑子里的音乐传出来?	Or a musician to get the music out of his head?
这件事有不可思议的可能性， 它可以让有创造性的人们 以闪电般的速度来分享想法。	There are incredible possibilities with this as a way for creative people to share at light speed.
现在我要给大家看看， 为什么我觉得我们已经接近成功了， 我要展示两个近期的实验， 分别是在两个顶级的脑科学研究组做的。	So let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting there by sharing with you two recent experiments from two top neuroscience groups.
他们都用了fMRI技术 也就是功能性核磁共振成像技术 来对大脑进行造影。 这套大脑扫描图是 哈佛的吉奥吉欧•加尼斯和他的同事们做的。	Both used fMRI technology -- functional magnetic resonance imaging technology -- to image the brain, and here is a brain scan set from Giorgio Ganis and his colleagues at Harvard.
左边一列扫描的 是一个正看着一张图的人的大脑。	And the left-hand column shows a brain scan of a person looking at an image.
中间一列 是同一个人的大脑扫描图， 但他只是在想像看刚才那张图片，	The middle column shows the brainscan of that same individual imagining, seeing that same image.
右边一列是将 中间的图从左边的图减去后得到的 可以看出来差别几乎为零。	And the right column was created by subtracting the middle column from the left column, showing the difference to be nearly zero.
这个实验在很多不同的人身上重复过， 而且用了很多不同的图片， 结果几乎总是一样。	This was repeated on lots of different individuals with lots of different images, always with a similar result.
真正看一张图片 和想像看同一张图片 之间几乎没有差别。	The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same image is next to nothing.
下面我再给你们看一个实验， 是在加州大学伯克利分校 杰克•加蓝特的实验室做的。	Next let me share with you one other experiment, this from Jack Gallant's lab at Cal Berkeley.
在这个实验里，受试者 要看几百小时的youtube视频， 看的时候他们的大脑会被扫描， 这样就建立了一个巨大的数据库，里面纪录下了 他们的大脑对一系列视频的反应，	In this experiment, individuals were shown hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while scans were made of their brains to create a large library of their brain reacting to video sequences.
然后给他们看一段新视频，里面有新的图像， 新的人物，新的动物， 并且新的大脑扫描图也被纪录下来。	Then a new movie was shown with new images, new people, new animals in it, and a new scan set was recorded.
电脑仅仅通过大脑扫描数据 就可以解析新的扫描图， 推测出受试者实际看到的是什么图像。	The computer, using brain scan data alone, decoded that new brain scan to show what it thought the individual was actually seeing.
右边是电脑的猜测， 而左边是给受试者看的片段。	On the right-hand side, you see the computer's guess, and on the left-hand side, the presented clip.
这真是让人印象极为深刻。	This is the jaw-dropper.
我们离真正实现这一点已经不远了，	We are so close to being able to do this.
只是需要提高分辨率。	We just need to up the resolution.
请记住当你看一副图片 或者你想同一副图片时， 大脑扫描的结果是一样的。	And now remember that when you see an image versus when you imagine that same image, it creates the same brain scan.
这是用当今分辨率最高的 大脑扫描系统做的。 这个系统的分辨率在近几年里 提高了将近一千倍。	So this was done with the highest-resolution brain scan systems available today, and their resolution has increased really about a thousandfold in the last several years.
下一步我们需要将分辨率 再提高一千倍， 才能看得更深。	Next we need to increase the resolution another thousandfold to get a deeper glimpse.
我们怎样实现呢？	How do we do that?
这方面有很多技术可用。	There's a lot of techniques in this approach.
一种方法是把头骨撬开把电极放进去，	One way is to crack open your skull and put in electrodes.
我不做这个。	I'm not for that.
还有很多新的成像技术被提出来， 有些还是我提出来的， 不过考虑到最近在核磁共振上的成功， 我们首先应该问的问题是， 这项技术已经发展到尽头了吗？	There's a lot of new imaging techniques being proposed, some even by me, but given the recent success of MRI, first we need to ask the question, is it the end of the road with this technology?
传统的观点认为 提高分辨率的唯一方法是用更大的磁铁， 但是现在更大的磁铁只能 带来分辨率的提升只是固定增量的， 不是我们想要的一千倍。	Conventional wisdom says the only way to get higher resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point bigger magnets only offer incremental resolution improvements, not the thousandfold we need.
我提出了一个想法： 不用更大的磁铁， 我们来做更好的磁铁。	I'm putting forward an idea: instead of bigger magnets, let's make better magnets.
我们还可以造出更复杂的结构， 只要使用稍微不同的排列就可以了。 有点儿像画螺旋图。	We can create much more complicated structures with slightly different arrangements, kind of like making Spirograph.
这有什么用呢？	So why does that matter?
这些年来MRI领域很多人 不是在试图做出 非常非常大的磁铁吗？	A lot of effort in MRI over the years has gone into making really big, really huge magnets, right?
但是最近分辨率领域的进步， 实际上是源于 MRI系统中 调频电波频率发射和接收器 极为精巧的编码解码方法。	But yet most of the recent advances in resolution have actually come from ingeniously clever encoding and decoding solutions in the F.M. radio frequency transmitters and receivers in the MRI systems.
另外，我们可以不再使用总是一样的磁场， 而是用有一定结构的磁场模式， 再加上调频电波频率。	Let's also, instead of a uniform magnetic field, put down structured magnetic patterns in addition to the F.M. radio frequencies.
这样就将磁场模式 与调频电波频率模式相结合， 可以极大地增加 我们在一次扫描中所提取的信息。 除此之外，	So by combining the magnetics patterns with the patterns in the F.M. radio frequencies processing which can massively increase the information that we can extract in a single scan.
运用fMRI，我们不仅可以 测量携氧的血液流动， 还可以测量我刚才说的激素和神经递质， 甚至有可能直接测量神经活动， 那就是梦。	And using fMRI, we should be able to measure not just oxygenated blood flow, but the hormones and neurotransmitters I've talked about and maybe even the direct neural activity, which is the dream.
那样我们就可以把我们的想法 直接下载到数字媒体上。	We're going to be able to dump our ideas directly to digital media.
想像一下，如果我们可以不借助语言 而直接交流思想？	Could you imagine if we could leapfrog language and communicate directly with human thought?
那时候我们能有什么样的成就呢？	What would we be capable of then?
我们要怎样学会面对 未加修饰的，完全真实的人类思想呢？	And how will we learn to deal with the truths of unfiltered human thought?
你觉得互联网很大，	You think the Internet was big.
那这些问题就是巨大了。	These are huge questions.
把它作为一种工具来放大我们的思考和沟通能力， 这个想法可能让人难以抗拒。	It might be irresistible as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills.
确实，这个方法有可能会带来治疗 阿尔兹海默式症或其它疾病的方法。 除了开启这扇门之外，我们别无选择。	And indeed, this very same tool may prove to lead to the cure for Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
不管怎样，预测一下，	We have little option but to open this door.
很难想像要花更久的时间。	It's hard to imagine it taking much longer.
我们要一起学习如何一起迈出这一步。	We need to learn how to take this step together.
谢谢大家。	Thank you.
在许多族长制社会和部落制社会中， 父亲通常是因为他的儿子而出名， 但我属于少数的父亲， 我因自己的女儿而出名的， 我对此感到特别骄傲。	In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, fathers are usually known by their sons, but I'm one of the few fathers who is known by his daughter, and I am proud of it.
在这之前，她是我的女儿， 但现在我是她的父亲。	Before that, she was my daughter, but now I am her father.
女士们先生们， 如果我们回顾一下人类历史， 会发现女性的历史 其实是关于不公正， 不平等， 暴力和被剥削的故事。	Ladies and gentlemen, if we glance to human history, the story of women is the story of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation.
她不受欢迎， 无论是父亲还是母亲，	She is not welcomed, neither by father nor by mother.
邻居会过来 对母亲表示同情， 没有人会去恭喜父亲。	The neighborhood comes and commiserates with the mother, and nobody congratulates the father.
母亲也会因为拥有了一名女儿 而感到不适。	And a mother is very uncomfortable for having a girl child.
当她产下第一名女婴时， 她是难过的。	When she gives birth to the first girl child, first daughter, she is sad.
当她产下第二名女婴时， 她是震惊的， 由于一心想要儿子， 当她产下第三名女婴的时候， 她感觉羞愧极了，像罪犯一样。	When she gives birth to the second daughter, she is shocked, and in the expectation of a son, when she gives birth to a third daughter, she feels guilty like a criminal.
受苦的不仅仅只有母亲， 也有女儿，刚刚来到世界的女婴， 当她长大， 她也会受许多苦。	Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter, the newly born daughter, when she grows old, she suffers too.
五岁， 本来是应该去上学的年龄， 她只能呆在家 眼睁睁地望着自己的哥哥或者弟弟去上学，	At the age of five, while she should be going to school, she stays at home and her brothers are admitted in a school.
在十二岁的时候， 她似乎拥有了快乐的生活。	Until the age of 12, somehow, she has a good life.
她可以出去玩。	She can have fun.
她可以在街道上和朋友一起游戏， 她也可以像蝴蝶一样， 在街道间穿梭。	She can play with her friends in the streets, and she can move around in the streets like a butterfly.
但当她进入了青少年时期， 当她十三岁的时候， 她禁止在没有男性的陪同下 离开家。	But when she enters her teens, when she becomes 13 years old, she is forbidden to go out of her home without a male escort.
她被家里的四面墙困住了。	She is confined under the four walls of her home.
她也不再是自由的个体了。	She is no more a free individual.
她成为了所谓的 父亲，兄弟和家庭的 "荣耀"， 如果她违反了那所谓荣耀的 准则， 她有可能会被处死。	She becomes the so-called honor of her father and of her brothers and of her family, and if she transgresses the code of that so-called honor, she could even be killed.
但是让人惊讶的是， 这个所谓的荣耀准则， 不仅仅影响女孩的生活， 也与家庭里的男性成员 息息相关。	And it is also interesting that this so-called code of honor, it does not only affect the life of a girl, it also affects the life of the male members of the family.
我知道有一户家庭里有七个女儿，一个儿子， 那个唯一的儿子 已经移民到中东海湾地区， 去挣钱养活七个姐妹 和他的父母。 因为他认为， 如果他的七个姐妹学会了一些技能， 可以离开家 挣点钱，这将是对他的羞辱。 所以这位儿子，	I know a family of seven sisters and one brother, and that one brother, he has migrated to the Gulf countries, to earn a living for his seven sisters and parents, because he thinks that it will be humiliating if his seven sisters learn a skill and they go out of the home and earn some livelihood.
牺牲了自己的生活的快乐， 也摧毁了他姐妹的幸福生活， 只为了维护所谓的荣耀。 在重男轻女的社会里，	So this brother, he sacrifices the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters at the altar of so-called honor.
还有一项常态， 那就是服从。 一个好的女孩应该是	And there is one more norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obedience.
非常安静，非常谦虚， 并且非常顺从。 这是准则。	A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very submissive.
好女孩的榜样必须是非常安静的。	It is the criteria.
她必须处于沉默的状态，	The role model good girl should be very quiet.
无条件接受一切 来自父母的， 长者的决定， 即使她不喜欢那些决定。 如果她要嫁给一个自己不喜欢的男人，	She is supposed to be silent and she is supposed to accept the decisions of her father and mother and the decisions of elders, even if she does not like them.
要不然，她就会被众人称作"违抗命令"。	Otherwise, she will be called disobedient.
这样的结局会是什么？	And what happens at the end?
用诗人的话说， 结婚并同床， 然后她生下更多的儿子和女儿，	In the words of a poetess, she is wedded, bedded, and then she gives birth to more sons and daughters.
这种恶性循环一直持续。	And this vicious cycle goes on, goes on.
女士们先生们， 我认为，数以百万计女性的苦境， 是可以被改变的， 如果我们从不同的角度思考， 如果女性和男性换位思考， 如果在发展中国家， 那些生于重男轻女和部落制社会中的男性和女性 愿意打破家庭和社会中的 一些陈规 如果他们能废除在国家体系中 存在的带有歧视性的法律， 这些法律违反 女性最基本的人权。	Ladies and gentlemen, this plight of millions of women could be changed if we think differently, if women and men think differently, if men and women in the tribal and patriarchal societies in the developing countries, if they can break a few norms of family and society, if they can abolish the discriminatory laws of the systems in their states, which go against the basic human rights of the women.
亲爱的兄弟姐妹们，当马拉拉出生时， 在那一次， 相信我， 坦白说，我不喜欢新生儿 但当我看到她的眼睛时， 相信我， 我觉得分外荣幸。	Dear brothers and sisters, when Malala was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborn children, to be honest, but when I went and I looked into her eyes, believe me, I got extremely honored.
在她出生很久之前， 我就开始想给她取什么名字， 我当时对在阿富汗战争中 一位为自由而战的传奇女性着迷，	And long before she was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a heroic legendary freedom fighter in Afghanistan.
她的名字是迈旺得的马拉拉， 所以我给自己的女儿也取名马拉拉。	Her name was Malalai of Maiwand, and I named my daughter after her.
在马拉拉生日后的几天， 我的女儿出生了， 我的堂兄过来了 -这完全是意料之外的- 他来我家， 并带来了族谱， 那是属于优素福家族的族谱， 当我看着那份族谱的时候， 它介绍了三百年前我们的祖先，	A few days after Malala was born, my daughter was born, my cousin came -- and it was a coincidence -- he came to my home and he brought a family tree, a family tree of the Yousafzai family, and when I looked at the family tree, it traced back to 300 years of our ancestors.
但当我细看的时候，名单里全是男性， 随后我拿起了笔， 在我名字的下方划了一条线， 然后写上,"马拉拉"。	But when I looked, all were men, and I picked my pen, drew a line from my name, and wrote, "Malala."
她渐渐长大， 当她四岁半的时候， 我送她去我的学校，	And when she grow old, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school.
你或许会问，为什么我要提到 送女儿去学校？	You will be asking, then, why should I mention about the admission of a girl in a school?
我必须说说这件事。	Yes, I must mention it.
在加拿大，美国 等发展中国家，这可能是理所当然的， 但是在贫穷的国家， 在重男轻女或部落制的社会中， 这对女孩来说无比重要。	It may be taken for granted in Canada, in America, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a big event for the life of girl.
将她送进学校 意味着对她个体和名字的认可，	Enrollment in a school means recognition of her identity and her name.
进入学校 意味着她进入了充满梦想和抱负的 世界 她可以为自己的未来 探索个人的潜能。	Admission in a school means that she has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where she can explore her potentials for her future life.
我有五个姐妹， 她们之中没有一个人上过学校， 接下来的故事也许会让你震惊， 两周前， 当我在填加拿大签证表格的时候， 我发现自己需要填写家庭成员， 我那时居然想不起 我一些姐妹的姓氏。	I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and you will be astonished, two weeks before, when I was filling out the Canadian visa form, and I was filling out the family part of the form, I could not recall the surnames of some of my sisters.
原因就是， 我从来没有见过 自己的姐妹在任何文件中写过自己的名字。	And the reason was that I have never, never seen the names of my sisters written on any document.
我父亲不能给予 自己女儿的东西， 我想我一定要改变这个现象。	What my father could not give to my sisters and to his daughters, I thought I must change it.
我经常表扬我女儿， 赞扬她聪明，机智，	I used to appreciate the intelligence and the brilliance of my daughter.
当有朋友来的时候， 我鼓励她和我坐在一起。	I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends used to come.
我鼓励她和我一起参加不同的会议。	I encouraged her to go with me to different meetings.
所有这些好的价值 我都试图灌输到她的性格中。	And all these good values, I tried to inculcate in her personality.
但不仅仅是她，不仅仅是马拉拉，	And this was not only she, only Malala.
我把这些好的价值 带去学校，带给男同学也带给女同学。	I imparted all these good values to my school, girl students and boy students as well.
我通过教育带来解放，	I used education for emancipation.
我教育自己的女儿 我教育自己的女学生， 要学会对"服从"说不	I taught my girls, I taught my girl students, to unlearn the lesson of obedience.
我教育我的男学生， 要忘记所谓的"荣耀"。	I taught my boy students to unlearn the lesson of so-called pseudo-honor.
亲爱的兄弟姐妹们， 我们为女性争取更多的权利， 我们也在努力在社会中 为女性争取更多的空间和地位，	Dear brothers and sisters, we were striving for more rights for women, and we were struggling to have more, more and more space for the women in society.
但是我们也遇到了新的现象。	But we came across a new phenomenon.
这个现象给人权带来巨大的打击， 尤其是对女性的权利。	It was lethal to human rights and particularly to women's rights.
这个现象叫做塔利班化。	It was called Talibanization.
这种现象剥夺了 女性的参与权， 无论是在政治活动，经济活动，还是社会活动之中。	It means a complete negation of women's participation in all political, economical and social activities.
上百所学校被关闭。	Hundreds of schools were lost.
女孩被禁止上学。	Girls were prohibited from going to school.
妇女被迫带上面纱， 而且她们被禁止去集市。	Women were forced to wear veils and they were stopped from going to the markets.
音乐家被静止弹奏音乐， 女孩被鞭打， 歌手被刺杀。	Musicians were silenced, girls were flogged and singers were killed.
百万人受苦， 但只有极少数人敢站出来说， 最恐怖的事情是， 你的周围充满了 经常进行杀戮和鞭打的人， 但你仍要为自己的权利发出呐喊。	Millions were suffering, but few spoke, and it was the most scary thing when you have all around such people who kill and who flog, and you speak for your rights.
这真的是最恐怖的事情。	It's really the most scary thing.
在她十岁的时候， 马拉拉站起身， 为自己的教育权利呐喊。	At the age of 10, Malala stood, and she stood for the right of education.
她把自己的一篇日记作为BBC的博客， 她自愿参加 《纽约时代》一些纪录片的制作， 她尽力登上每一个展台去发出自己的声音。	She wrote a diary for the BBC blog, she volunteered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and she spoke from every platform she could.
她的声音是世界上最强有力的声音。	And her voice was the most powerful voice.
她的声音逐渐传播到世界的每一个角落。	It spread like a crescendo all around the world.
这就是为什么塔利班 不能容忍她的宣传活动， 在2012年10月9日， 她头部被近距离射击。	And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate her campaign, and on October 9 2012, she was shot in the head at point blank range.
那天对我们全家人尤其对我自己来说，简直是世界末日。	It was a doomsday for my family and for me.
整个世界变成了一个大黑洞。	The world turned into a big black hole.
我的女儿 处于生命垂危状态， 我低声对妻子说， "对于发生在我们女儿身上的事情， 我是不是有责任？"	While my daughter was on the verge of life and death, I whispered into the ears of my wife, "Should I be blamed for what happened to my daughter and your daughter?"
她立刻打断我： "请别责备自己。	And she abruptly told me, "Please don't blame yourself.
你之前所做的没有错。	You stood for the right cause.
你将自己的生命至于危险的环境， 是为了真理， 为了和平， 也为了教育， 你的女儿受到了启发， 并愿意和你并肩作战。	You put your life at stake for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter in inspired from you and she joined you.
你们两个人都在正确的道路上， 真主会保佑她。"	You both were on the right path and God will protect her."
这一番话对我意义非常大， 此后我也没有再问过这样的问题。	These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask this question again.
当马拉拉在医院的时候， 她忍受着巨大的痛苦， 她头痛极为严重， 因为她的面部神经被切断了， 我妻子的脸 成天被阴云笼罩着。	When Malala was in the hospital, and she was going through the severe pains and she had had severe headaches because her facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow spreading on the face of my wife.
但我的女儿从来没有抱怨。	But my daughter never complained.
她会告诉我们， "微笑奇怪，面部僵硬， 这些都没有关系。	She used to tell us, "I'm fine with my crooked smile and with my numbness in my face.
我会好起来的，别担心。"	I'll be okay. Please don't worry."
她是我们的安慰， 给我们带来慰藉。	She was a solace for us, and she consoled us.
亲爱的兄弟姐妹们， 从她身上，我学到了 在困境中如何变得坚强， 我也很乐意和你们分享， 尽管她如今是 儿童权利和妇女权利领域的重要人物， 她和其他16岁的女孩没有什么不同。	Dear brothers and sisters, we learned from her how to be resilient in the most difficult times, and I'm glad to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, she is like any 16-year old girl.
当作业没有写完时，她会哭。	She cries when her homework is incomplete.
她也会和兄弟争吵， 我觉得这些其实都很正常。	She quarrels with her brothers, and I am very happy for that.
人们问我， 为什么我的启蒙 能让马拉拉如此大胆， 如此勇敢，有感召力并且镇定自若？	People ask me, what special is in my mentorship which has made Malala so bold and so courageous and so vocal and poised?
我告诉他们，不要问我做了什么。	I tell them, don't ask me what I did.
问我没有做什么。	Ask me what I did not do.
我所做的，只是没折断她的翅膀。	I did not clip her wings, and that's all.
谢谢。	Thank you very much.
这个世界造就了一个不真实的你， 但在内心深处，你知道自己是谁。 有个问题使你心神不安： "你是怎样变成那样的呢？"	The world makes you something that you're not, but you know inside what you are, and that question burns in your heart: How will you become that?
也许我是这个问题的一个特例， 但我并不孤单， 一点也不。	I may be somewhat unique in this, but I am not alone, not alone at all.
当我成为一名时装模特时， 我感觉我终于实现了 小时候一直向往的梦想。	So when I became a fashion model, I felt that I'd finally achieved the dream that I'd always wanted since I was a young child.
我外在的自我终于和我内心的真实， 我真实的自我，成为一致。	My outside self finally matched my inner truth, my inner self.
由于一些我之后将解释复杂的原因 当我看着张照片时， 那时我感觉，"吉娜你做到了， 你成功了， 你完成心愿了。"	For complicated reasons which I'll get to later, when I look at this picture, at that time I felt like, Geena, you've done it, you've made it, you have arrived.
但是，在之前的十月里， 我意识到这只是一个开始。	But this past October, I realized that I'm only just beginning.
我们大家都被家庭， 宗教， 社会， 历史， 甚至我们的生体所限制。	All of us are put in boxes by our family, by our religion, by our society, our moment in history, even our own bodies.
有些人有勇气去解放自我， 不接受因为皮肤颜色 或者大环境中的信仰 所导致的限制。	Some people have the courage to break free, not to accept the limitations imposed by the color of their skin or by the beliefs of those that surround them.
这些人对所谓的 "可以接受的标准 " 一直都是威胁。	Those people are always the threat to the status quo, to what is considered acceptable.
就我而言，在过去的九年里 我的一些邻居， 部分朋友和同事，甚至有些中介 都不知道我的历史。	In my case, for the last nine years, some of my neighbors, some of my friends, colleagues, even my agent, did not know about my history.
我记得在菲律宾，我五岁的时候 在房子周围走动的时候， 我总是会把这件短袖衫穿在头上。	I remember when I was five years old in the Philippines walking around our house, I would always wear this t-shirt on my head.
我妈妈便问我， "你为什么总是把那件短袖衫穿在头上？"	And my mom asked me, "How come you always wear that t-shirt on your head?"
我说："妈妈，这是我的头发，我是一个女孩。"	I said, "Mom, this is my hair. I'm a girl."
那时我就知道如何自我识别。	I knew then how to self-identify.
性别总是被认为是一个事实， 不可改变， 但是我们知道事实上性别是更加不定的， 复杂的，并且神秘的。	Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable, but we now know it's actually more fluid, complex and mysterious.
因为我的成功，我从前没有勇气 去分享我的故事， 不是因为我认为自己性别取向是错的， 而是因为畏惧世界会如何对待我们 这些打破常规的人。	Because of my success, I never had the courage to share my story, not because I thought what I am is wrong, but because of how the world treats those of us who wish to break free.
每一天， 我都感到非常庆幸，因为我是一个女人。	Every day, I am so grateful because I am a woman.
我有一个家庭 和能够接受我真正自我的父母。	I have a mom and dad and family who accepted me for who I am.
但很多人并不是那么幸运。	Many are not so fortunate.
在亚洲，我们有一个悠久的传统 去赞颂性别不定的神秘。	There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the fluid mystery of gender.
这是佛教中的观世音菩萨。	There is a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
这是印度教中的希吉拉女神。	There is a Hindu goddess, hijra goddess.
所以当我八岁那年， 我在菲律宾的一个嘉年华会 庆祝这些神秘宗教。	So when I was eight years old, I was at a fiesta in the Philippines celebrating these mysteries.
我在舞台前， 我记得，这个美丽的女人 迎面向我走来， 我记得，在那一刻我的内心被触动了： 那就是我想成为的那种女人。	I was in front of the stage, and I remember, out comes this beautiful woman right in front of me, and I remember that moment something hit me: That is the kind of woman I would like to be.
在我15岁时 我已男孩的身份 见到了这位叫做T.L女士。	So when I was 15 years old, still dressing as a boy, I met this woman named T.L.
她是变性选美大赛的经理。	She is a transgender beauty pageant manager.
那一晚她问我， "你为什么不参加变性选美大赛呢？"	That night she asked me, "How come you are not joining the beauty pageant?"
那一刻改变了我的一生。	That moment changed my life.
倾刻之间，我迈入了 选美大赛的世界中。	All of a sudden, I was introduced to the world of beauty pageants.
没有多少人敢说你的第一份工作 是变性选美大赛中的女王， 不管被人怎样想，我接受了。	Not a lot of people could say that your first job is a pageant queen for transgender women, but I'll take it.
在我十五到十七岁那些年间， 我加入了最有名望的选美大赛 坦白的说，在卡车背后举行的选美大赛， 或者有时在庄稼地旁的马路上， 在下雨的时候 举办者就得把选美大赛 移到别人的房子里。	So from 15 to 17 years old, I joined the most prestigious pageant to the pageant where it's at the back of the truck, literally, or sometimes it would be a pavement next to a rice field, and when it rains -- it rains a lot in the Philippines -- the organizers would have to move it inside someone's house.
我也感受到了陌生人的善意， 特别是当我们身处于 菲律宾偏远的省市中。	I also experienced the goodness of strangers, especially when we would travel in remote provinces in the Philippines.
但是最重要的是，我遇到了 那个社区中几个我最要好的朋友。	But most importantly, I met some of my best friends in that community.
在2001年， 我移居旧金山的妈妈打电话通知我 我的绿卡申请通过了， 我可以移居美国了。	In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that my green card petition came through, that I could now move to the United States.
但我拒绝了。	I resisted it.
我告诉我妈，"妈妈，我现在很开心。	I told my mom, "Mom, I'm having fun.
我和身边的朋友在一起， 我爱旅行，我爱作为一名选美皇后。"	I'm here with my friends, I love traveling, being a beauty pageant queen."
两周之后她又打电话给我，她说， "你知道如果你移居到美国， 你个可以换一个名字，并且改变你的性别标识么？"	But then two weeks later she called me, she said, "Did you know that if you move to the United States you could change your name and gender marker?"
那是我最希望听到的了。	That was all I needed to hear.
我妈妈还告诉我在我名字的拼写中 放入两个字母"E"	My mom also told me to put two E's in the spelling of my name.
在泰国我十九岁那年接受变性手术时， 她也在我身边。	She also came with me when I had my surgery in Thailand at 19 years old.
这真是很有趣，在泰国最乡村的地方， 他们却可以做最先进， 安全，并且成熟的变性手术。	It's interesting, in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform some of the most prestigious, safe and sophisticated surgery.
在那时，美国需要 你在换名和改变性别标识之前 现接受变性手术。	At that time in the United States, you needed to have surgery before you could change your name and gender marker.
在2001年，我移居到旧金山， 我记得，当我看着 有着我名字吉娜 和性别标识为女的驾照时，	So in 2001, I moved to San Francisco, and I remember looking at my California driver's license with the name Geena and gender marker F.
我深深地被触动了、	That was a powerful moment.
对有些人来说， 他们的驾照只是一个身份证， 或者获取酒的凭证， 但对我来说，那个驾照是使我可以生活， 并感到有尊严的许可证。	For some people, their I.D. is their license to drive or even to get a drink, but for me, that was my license to live, to feel dignified.
我感到我可以征服我的梦想了， 可以移居到纽约并成为一名模特。	I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York and be a model.
有很多人不像我如此幸运。	Many are not so fortunate.
我想到这个叫做阿亚拉·莱特丝的女人。	I think of this woman named Islan Nettles.
她来自纽约的年轻的女人， 她勇敢的围着她的信仰活着， 但是人们的憎恶结束了她的生命。	She's from New York, she's a young woman who was courageously living her truth, but hatred ended her life.
在我群体的大多数中， 这就是我们真实的生活。	For most of my community, this is the reality in which we live.
我们的自杀率是 一般人群自杀率的9倍。	Our suicide rate is nine times higher than that of the general population.
每年11月20日， 我们有一个 变性纪念日的守夜。	Every November 20, we have a global vigil for Transgender Day of Remembrance.
我站在这里 因为这是一段很长的人们与 不正义搏斗的历史。	I'm here at this stage because it's a long history of people who fought and stood up for injustice.
她们是玛莎P.约翰逊和西尔维亚·里维拉。	This is Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera.
今天，这个特别时刻， 是我的真情表露。	Today, this very moment, is my real coming out.
我不能仅仅 为了我自己信仰而活着。	I could no longer live my truth for and by myself.
我想尽力去帮助别人， 帮助他们在没有羞耻和恐惧的情况下以真正的自我生活。	I want to do my best to help others live their truth without shame and terror.
我站在这里，坦诚相待， 为了有一天，我们将不再需要 11月20日的守夜。	I am here, exposed, so that one day there will never be a need for a November 20 vigil.
我最深处的真理允许我接受我自己。	My deepest truth allowed me to accept who I am.
你们也会么？	Will you?
非常感谢。	Thank you very much.
我疑惑 特别是对父母 对朋友 对家庭怎或是对任何人， 你会怎样去向他们解释， 并说服他们 去关心那些痛苦挣扎于 性别的人 同时成为 有好并关爱的 家庭成员？	I'm wondering what you would say, especially to parents, but in a more broad way, to friends, to family, to anyone who finds themselves encountering a child or a person who is struggling with and uncomfortable with a gender that's being assigned them, what might you say to the family members of that person to help them become good and caring and kind family members to them?
吉娜·萝杰拉：可以。我个人真的非常幸运。	Geena Rocero: Sure. Well, first, really, I'm so blessed.
有时有用，有时并不奏效。 性别性别身份 是我们存在的核心，对吧?	And sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, so — But it's just, gender identity is in the core of our being, right?
我们在出生时就有个性别， 而我想做的就是 去讨论 当先天性别分配有问题时， 应该有空间， 有空间让人们去自我鉴定性别， 那是一个我们应该与 父母，同事讨论的话题。	I mean, we're all assigned gender at birth, so what I'm trying to do is to have this conversation that sometimes that gender assignment doesn't match, and there should be a space that would allow people to self-identify, and that's a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
变性的运动 和男同性恋运动是怎样开始的相比 还在起步阶段。	The transgender movement, it's at the very beginning, to compare to how the gay movement started.
还有很多需要做的事情。	There's still a lot of work that needs to be done.
人们应该去理解。	There should be an understanding.
人们应该给予好奇 与讨论的空间， 我希望你们都可以成我的盟友。	There should be a space of curiosity and asking questions, and I hope all of you guys will be my allies.
谢谢！说的太好了。 谢谢	Thank you. That was so lovely. Thank you.
我最近刚退休， 离开了加利福尼亚公路巡警局， 我工作了23年的地方。	I recently retired from the California Highway Patrol after 23 years of service.
这23年里的大多数时间， 我都是在马林县的南部巡逻， 我都是在马林县的南部巡逻， 其中包括金门大桥，	The majority of those 23 years was spent patrolling the southern end of Marin County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
这座桥是一个标志性建筑， 世界闻名， 因为从桥上可以观赏旧金山与 太平洋的美景，还有它予人灵感的建筑风格。	The bridge is an iconic structure, known worldwide for its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architecture.
不幸的是，这座桥也吸引了自杀者， 成为了全球自杀事件最多的地点之一。	Unfortunately, it is also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most utilized sites in the world.
金门大桥开通于1937年，	The Golden Gate Bridge opened in 1937.
约瑟夫·施特劳斯是负责建造这座桥的总工程师， 我引用他一句话， "这座桥实际上有防自杀设计，	Joseph Strauss, chief engineer in charge of building the bridge, was quoted as saying, "The bridge is practically suicide-proof.
在这座桥上自杀 既难以成功也不太可能发生。"	Suicide from the bridge is neither practical nor probable."
但自从这座桥开放后， 超过1,600 人从桥上 纵身投入了死亡。	But since its opening, over 1,600 people have leapt to their death from that bridge.
某些人相信 经过这两座塔间 会带你去另一个世界—— 这座桥已经被浪漫成这样了—— 就是说从桥上坠落 会让你免除所有的烦恼与悲痛， 而下面的水 会净化你的灵魂。	Some believe that traveling between the two towers will lead you to another dimension -- this bridge has been romanticized as such — that the fall from that frees you from all your worries and grief, and the waters below will cleanse your soul.
但是，让我来告诉你 假如你尝试从金门大桥跳河自杀 结果实际上是怎样的。	But let me tell you what actually occurs when the bridge is used as a means of suicide.
这个冲击力能使骨头粉碎， 一些碎片之后会刺穿重要器官。	That impact shatters bones, some of which then puncture vital organs.
大多数人当场死亡。	Most die on impact.
如果没有死， 一般是在水中无助地扑腾， 然后淹死。	Those that don't generally flail in the water helplessly, and then drown.
我认为那些考虑 这种自杀方式的人 并未意识到他们的死法将会多么可怕。	I don't think that those who contemplate this method of suicide realize how grisly a death that they will face.
这是钢索。	This is the cord.
除了在两座塔周围， 桥边有32英寸的钢索， 平行于桥。	Except for around the two towers, there is 32 inches of steel paralleling the bridge.
大多数自杀者 在自杀前就站在这里。	This is where most folks stand before taking their lives.
根据我的经验，我可以告诉你， 一旦有人站在了钢索上， 在他人生最黑暗的时刻， 再让他回来是极为困难的。	I can tell you from experience that once the person is on that cord, and at their darkest time, it is very difficult to bring them back.
我在去年拍了这张照片， 当时这位年轻女子正和一位警官说话， 思索她的人生。	I took this photo last year as this young woman spoke to an officer contemplating her life.
我要很高兴地告诉大家， 那天我们很成功地 把她从护栏那边拉了回来。	I want to tell you very happily that we were successful that day in getting her back over the rail.
当我刚开始在这座桥上工作时， 我们没有受过正式的训练，	When I first began working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
我在这些呼叫中挣扎前进，	You struggled to funnel your way through these calls.
这是帮倒忙， 不仅是对那些想自杀的人， 对警察也是伤害。	This was not only a disservice to those contemplating suicide, but to the officers as well.
从那以后，我们走过了漫漫长路。	We've come a long, long way since then.
如今，经验丰富的老警官和心理学家们 对新警察进行训练。	Now, veteran officers and psychologists train new officers.
这位是杰森·加博。	This is Jason Garber.
我遇到杰森是在去年6月22日， 那时我接到一个电话， 说可能是一个人要自杀， 正坐在桥中段附近的钢索上。	I met Jason on July 22 of last year when I get received a call of a possible suicidal subject sitting on the cord near midspan.
我回应了，而当我到达时， 我看到了杰森， 他正和一位金门大桥的警官对话。	I responded, and when I arrived, I observed Jason speaking to a Golden Gate Bridge officer.
杰森年仅32岁， 是从新泽西州乘飞机来的。	Jason was just 32 years old and had flown out here from New Jersey.
在与杰森交谈了大约一个小时后， 他问我们是否知道潘多拉之盒的故事。	After about an hour of speaking with Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
想一想希腊神话， 宙斯创造了潘多拉， 然后将她降于人间，还有一个盒子， 并告诉她："永远不要打开这个盒子。"	Recalling your Greek mythology, Zeus created Pandora, and sent her down to Earth with a box, and told her, "Never, ever open that box."
终于有一天，好奇心战胜了潘多拉， 她真的打开了盒子。	Well one day, curiosity got the better of Pandora, and she did open the box.
飞出了瘟疫、悲伤， 以及对人类有害的种种坏事。	Out flew plagues, sorrows, and all sorts of evils against man.
盒内唯一的好东西只有希望。	The only good thing in the box was hope.
然后杰森问我们， "当你打开盒子， 却没有希望，会发生什么？"	Jason then asked us, "What happens when you open the box and hope isn't there?"
他停顿了一会儿， 向他的右方倒下， 不见了。	He paused a few moments, leaned to his right, and was gone.
这位来自新泽西的善良，聪明的年轻人 就这样自杀了。	This kind, intelligent young man from New Jersey had just committed suicide.
那天晚上我与杰森父母谈话， 我感觉，我和他们谈话时， 我的声音听起来好像是我状态不好， 因为就在后一天， 他们家的拉比打电话过来问我怎么样。	I spoke with Jason's parents that evening, and I suppose that, when I was speaking with them, that I didn't sound as if I was doing very well, because that very next day, their family rabbi called to check on me.
杰森的父母要他打的电话。	Jason's parents had asked him to do so.
自杀带来的间接伤害 影响着如此多的人。	The collateral damage of suicide affects so many people.
我向你们提出这些问题： 如果你们的家人、朋友或爱人要自杀， 你们会怎么办？	I pose these questions to you: What would you do if your family member, friend or loved one was suicidal?
你们会说什么？	What would you say?
你知道要说什么吗？	Would you know what to say?
据我的经验，要做的不仅仅是说， 而是听。	In my experience, it's not just the talking that you do, but the listening.
通过倾听去理解，	Listen to understand.
不要争辨、责备， 或是告诉那个人你知道他的感受， 因为你很可能并不知道。	Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how they feel, because you probably don't.
只要你在那里， 你可能就是他们所需的那个转折点。	By just being there, you may just be the turning point that they need.
如果你认为有人想自杀， 不要害怕面对他们，别怕提问题。	If you think someone is suicidal, don't be afraid to confront them and ask the question.
提问的方法有许多，可以是这样： "别人处在类似的境况下， 会考虑结束自己的生命； 你有这样想过吗？"	One way of asking them the question is like this: "Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life; have you had these thoughts?"
与这个人正面相对可能正好挽救了他的生命， 从而成为了他的转折点。	Confronting the person head-on may just save their life and be the turning point for them.
有一些其他的迹象值得留意： 绝望，认为一切都很可怕， 永远不会好转； 无助，认为没有任何办法 可以进行改变； 近来回避人际交往； 以及对生活失去兴趣。	Some other signs to look for: hopelessness, believing that things are terrible and never going to get better; helplessness, believing that there is nothing that you can do about it; recent social withdrawal; and a loss of interest in life.
就在几天前我有过一次谈话， 我收到一位女士的一封电子邮件， 我想给大家读读她的信。	I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I received an email from a lady that I'd like to read you her letter.
她在今年1月19日失去了儿子， 然后她给我写了这封邮件， 就在几天前， 她给了我许可和祝福， 让我为大家读一下。	She lost her son on January 19 of this year, and she wrote this me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with her permission and blessing that I read this to you.
"嗨，凯文。我猜想你在TED大会上了。	"Hi, Kevin. I imagine you're at the TED Conference.
能在那里想必是次难得的经历吧。	That must be quite the experience to be there.
我在想我应该这个周末去大桥上走一走。	I'm thinking I should go walk the bridge this weekend.
只是想给你留个言。	Just wanted to drop you a note.
希望你能把话带给许多人， 然后他们回家会把这事说给朋友们， 朋友们也会讲给他们的朋友，等等。	Hope you get the word out to many people and they go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
我还是感觉很木， 而更多的时候会真正意识到 麦克没有回家。	I'm still pretty numb, but noticing more moments of really realizing Mike isn't coming home.
麦克是从佩塔卢马开车到旧金山， 来和父亲看49人队的比赛， 就在1月19日。	Mike was driving from Petaluma to San Francisco to watch the 49ers game with his father on January 19.
他永远没有到达。	He never made it there.
我打电话给佩塔卢马警察局， 报告麦克在那天晚上失踪了。	I called Petaluma police and reported him missing that evening.
第二天早上， 两个警官来到了我家， 说麦克的车掉在了桥下。	The next morning, two officers came to my home and reported that Mike's car was down at the bridge.
一名目击者看到他从桥上冲下去， 就在前一天下午1点58分。	A witness had observed him jumping off the bridge at 1:58 p.m. the previous day.
我非常感谢你 一直在鼓励那些人， 他们可能只是一时软弱 而自己无法承受。	Thanks so much for standing up for those who may be only temporarily too weak to stand for themselves.
谁没有消沉过？ 即使是没有遭受过真正的精神疾病？	Who hasn't been low before without suffering from a true mental illness?
这么轻率地结束它实在是不应该。	It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
我为你和你的努力而祷告。	My prayers are with you for your fight.
金门大桥 本应是跨过 我们美丽的旧金山湾， 而非跨过一片墓地。	The GGB, Golden Gate Bridge, is supposed to be a passage across our beautiful bay, not a graveyard.
祝你这周好运。维姬。"	Good luck this week. Vicky."
我无法想象她这样的勇气， 就这样走过那座桥， 重走她儿子那天所走的路， 以及坚持下来的勇气。	I can't imagine the courage it takes for her to go down to that bridge and walk the path that her son took that day, and also the courage just to carry on.
我想为大家介绍一个人， 我认为他代表了希望和勇气。	I'd like to introduce you to a man I refer to as hope and courage.
在2005年3月11日， 我的无线电说桥上的人行道上有个人可能想自杀， 我回应了。 就在北塔附近，	On March 11 of 2005, I responded to a radio call of a possible suicidal subject on the bridge sidewalk near the north tower.
我骑着我的摩托车沿着人行道过去， 看到了这个人，凯文·贝希亚， 他正站在人行道上。	I rode my motorcycle down the sidewalk and observed this man, Kevin Berthia, standing on the sidewalk.
之后的一个半小时里， 我就在那里听凯文讲 他的抑郁和绝望。	For the next hour and a half, I listened as Kevin spoke about his depression and hopelessness.
那一天凯文自己决定， 从护栏那边回来， 再给生命一次机会。	Kevin decided on his own that day to come back over that rail and give life another chance.
当凯文回来时， 我祝贺了他。	When Kevin came back over, I congratulated him.
"这是一个新的开始，新的生命。"	"This is a new beginning, a new life."
但我又问他： "是什么让你回来， 并且再给希望和生命一次机会？"	But I asked him, "What was it that made you come back and give hope and life another chance?"
你们知道他告诉了我什么？	And you know what he told me?
他说："你听了。	He said, "You listened.
你让我说，你就是听。"	You let me speak, and you just listened."
这件事后不久， 我收到凯文母亲写来的一封信， 我带来了这封信， 我想给大家读一读。	Shortly after this incident, I received a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it to you.
"亲爱的布里格斯先生， 什么都无法抹去3月11日的那件事， 而凯文仍在我们身边，你是原因之一。	"Dear Mr. Briggs, Nothing will erase the events of March 11, but you are one of the reasons Kevin is still with us.
我真的相信凯文是在呼喊求救。	I truly believe Kevin was crying out for help.
他诊断患有精神疾病， 一直在接受适当的药物治疗。	He has been diagnosed with a mental illness for which he has been properly medicated.
在凯文年仅六个月时，我收养了他， 我完全不知道他在遗传上的任何问题， 但感谢上帝，现在我们知道了。	I adopted Kevin when he was only six months old, completely unaware of any hereditary traits, but, thank God, now we know.
凯文说自己是直男。	Kevin is straight, as he says.
我们真的为你而感谢上帝，	We truly thank God for you.
真的感激不尽， 娜弗拉·贝希亚。"	Sincerely indebted to you, Narvella Berthia."
在信下面她写道， "又及：我那晚到旧金山综合医院时， 你被登记为病人。	And on the bottom she writes, "P.S. When I visited San Francisco General Hospital that evening, you were listed as the patient.
天哪，我一定要提这事吗？"	Boy, did I have to straighten that one out."
今天，凯文是个慈爱的父亲， 对社会也在做出贡献。	Today, Kevin is a loving father and contributing member of society.
他坦率地说起 那天的事和他的抑郁症， 希望他的故事 能启发他人。	He speaks openly about the events that day and his depression in the hopes that his story will inspire others.
自杀不仅是我工作中遇到的事情，	Suicide is not just something I've encountered on the job.
在我的私人生活也有。	It's personal.
我的祖父服毒自杀。	My grandfather committed suicide by poisoning.
他这样做，虽然结束了他自己的痛苦， 而连我认识他的机会也被夺走了。	That act, although ending his own pain, robbed me from ever getting to know him.
这就是自杀的后果。	This is what suicide does.
对于大多数试图自杀者， 或考虑自杀的人， 他们不会想到会伤害到另一个人，	For most suicidal folks, or those contemplating suicide, they wouldn't think of hurting another person.
他们就是想结束自己的痛苦。	They just want their own pain to end.
通常，只有三种方法可以实现： 睡觉，毒品或酒精，或是死亡。	Typically, this is accomplished in just three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol, or death.
在我的职业生涯中， 我参与了数百起 大桥附近的精神疾病和自杀报案。 大桥附近的精神疾病和自杀报案。	In my career, I've responded to and been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
其中我直接参与的事件里， 我只失去了两个， 但两个实在太多了。	Of those incidents I've been directly involved with, I've only lost two, but that's two too many.
一个是杰森。	One was Jason.
另外一个是名男子， 我和他谈了大约一个小时。	The other was a man I spoke to for about an hour.
在那一小时里， 他三次与我握手。	During that time, he shook my hand on three occasions.
最后一次握手时， 他看着我说， "凯文，我很抱歉，我得走了。"	On that final handshake, he looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
他一跃而下。	And he leapt.
太可怕了，真的太可怕了。 但我真的想告诉你们， 绝大多数 我们在桥上与之有过接触的人	I do want to tell you, though, the vast majority of folks that we do get to contact on that bridge do not commit suicide.
都没有自杀。 另外， 那些跳下桥并且幸存的极少数， 那些能说起这件事的人， 那百分之一、二的人， 其中多数人都说， 他们放开护栏的一瞬间， 他们知道了自己犯下了一个错误，	Additionally, that very few who have jumped off the bridge and lived and can talk about it, that one to two percent, most of those folks have said that the second that they let go of that rail, they knew that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
他们想活。 我告诉人们，金门大桥连接的 不仅是马林县与旧金山，	I tell people, the bridge not only connects Marin to San Francisco, but people together also.
也连接着人与人之间。 这种连接，或者我们所建的这座桥， 代表着我们每一个人应当	That connection, or bridge that we make, is something that each and every one of us should strive to do.
为之而努力的东西。	Suicide is preventable.
自杀是可以避免的。	There is help. There is hope.
有帮助，也有希望。	Thank you very much.
扩增实境 职业橄榄球 这二者和同理心有何关系？	What do augmented reality and professional football have to do with empathy?
未负重的燕子 飞行的空速是多少？	And what is the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
遗憾的是 今天我只会回答其中一个问题 所以请不要感到沮丧	Now unfortunately, I'm only going to answer one of those questions today, so please, try and contain your disappointment.
当大多数人想到扩增实境时 他们会想到电影"少数派报告" 以及汤姆·克鲁斯 在空中挥舞着双手的场景 但扩增实境并不是科幻小说	When most people think about augmented reality, they think about "Minority Report" and Tom Cruise waving his hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
这项技术 会在我们有生之年成为现实 因为我们有办法去实现它 大家需要意识到这点 扩增实境将改变我们的生活 如同互联网和手机那样	Augmented reality is something that will happen in our lifetime, and it will happen because we have the tools to make it happen, and people need to be aware of that, because augmented reality will change our lives just as much as the Internet and the cell phone.
那么我们怎么才能实现扩增实境呢？	Now how do we get to augmented reality?
首先就是戴上我现在用的这个东西 谷歌眼镜	Step one is the step I'm wearing right now, Google Glass.
相信在场有很多人都对它不陌生	I'm sure many of you are familiar with Google Glass.
但你可能并不知道 谷歌眼镜还可以 让你看到我所看到的一切	What you may not be familiar with is that Google Glass is a device that will allow you to see what I see.
它能让你体会到 身为职业运动员在赛场上的感受	It will allow you to experience what it is like to be a professional athlete on the field.
而现在，要想体会这种感受的唯一方式 就是听我试图去向你描述	Right now, the only way you can be on the field is for me to try and describe it to you.
我必须要借助语言	I have to use words.
来建立起一个框架 然后你运用想像力去充实它	I have to create a framework that you then fill in with your imagination.
而有了谷歌眼镜 我们可以把它放在橄榄球头盔下 这样我们就能体会到 以100英里／小时的速度 在球场上奔跑的感受 你能听到血液在耳中 怦怦搏动的声音	With Google Glass, we can put that underneath a helmet, and we can get a sense of what it's like to be running down the field at 100 miles an hour, your blood pounding in your ears.
还能体会到 一个250磅重的人 向你飞奔而来的感受 他竭尽全力 要把你放倒	You can get a sense of what it's like to have a 250-pound man sprinting at you trying to decapitate you with every ounce of his being.
我就曾被放倒过 那感觉可不怎么样	And I've been on the receiving end of that, and it doesn't feel very good.
让我们来看看这段视频	So let's pull up some video.
克里斯·柯鲁威：走你	Go.
我了个去，被拦阻太不爽了	Ugh, getting tackled sucks.
稍等，等我走近点儿	Hold on, let's get a little closer.
准备好了吗？	All right, ready?
走你！	Go!
现在你可能注意到 球场上少了些什么人 少了球队的其他成员	Now, you may have noticed there are some people missing there: the rest of the team.
还有段视频 由华盛顿大学提供	We have some video of that courtesy of the University of Washington.
四分卫：嘿！ Mice 54! Mice 54!	Quarterback: Hey, Mice 54! Mice 54!
蓝色球衣8号! 蓝色球衣8号! 走起！	Blue 8! Blue 8! Go!
啊！	Oh!
粉丝想要体验身处那种比赛中的感觉	Fans want that experience.
他们想要体会在球场上的感觉	Fans want to be on that field.
他们想要变身为他们最喜欢的球员 粉丝们已经在YouTube上和我谈起了这点 还在推特上跟我说起这事儿 "嗨，你能不能让个四分卫戴上这眼镜？"	They want to be their favorite players, and they've already talked to me on YouTube, they've talked to me on Twitter, saying, "Hey, can you get this on a quarterback?
当我们有了GoPro摄像机 还有谷歌眼镜后 我们怎么才能提供更仿真式的体验呢？	Well, once we have that experience with GoPro and Google Glass, how do we make it more immersive?
下一步该做些什么呢？	How do we take that next step?
头戴式显示器被称为 目前制造出的效果最逼真 的虚拟显示设备 这并不是什么天花乱坠的炒作	The Oculus Rift has been described as one of the most realistic virtual reality devices ever created, and that is not empty hype.
接下来我将向你展示 这为什么不是炒作 看看这段视频	I'm going to show you why that is not empty hype with this video.
男人：哦！哦！	Oh! Oh!
不！不！不！ 我不想再玩下去了！不！	No! No! No! I don't want to play anymore! No!
我的天啊！啊啊啊！	Oh my God! Aaaah!
克里斯 柯鲁威：这名男士在体会 坐在过山车上的感受 担心自己快没命了	So that is the experience of a man on a roller coaster in fear of his life.
想像这样的场景 当一个人从山的一侧 以70多英里每小时的速度下降 作为奥运会速降滑雪运动员 会是怎样的感受？	What do you think his experience is going to be when he is going down the side of a mountain at over 70 miles an hour as an Olympic downhill skier?
我估摸成人纸尿裤的销量 可能会激增	I think adult diaper sales may surge.
但这还不是扩增实境技术	But this is not yet augmented reality.
这仅仅是虚拟现实	This is only virtual reality, V.R.
那么我们怎样才能做到扩增实境呢？	How do we get to augmented reality, A.R.?
只有当 教练、经理和球队老板 看到这样的信息源源不断地涌入 那就是大家都想去体验一把， 然后他们会问： 怎么才能利用这项技术 让我们的球队表现得更好？	We get to augmented reality when coaches and managers and owners look at this information streaming in that people want to see, and they say, "How do we use this to make our teams better?
怎么利用它去赢得比赛？	How do we use this to win games?"
球队总是靠科技获胜	Because teams always use technology to win games.
他们喜欢取胜， 这能让他们赚到钱	They like winning. It makes them money.
简短地说几句橄榄球联盟 使用科技的历史	So a brief history of technology in the NFL.
1965年，巴尔的摩小马队 让他们的四分卫戴上腕带 这样他就能更快地发起进攻口令	In 1965, the Baltimore Colts put a wristband on their quarterback to allow him to call plays quicker.
那年他们最后获得了超级碗冠军	They ended up winning a Super Bowl that year.
其他球队也纷纷仿效这种做法	Other teams followed suit.
由于比赛变得更精彩刺激， 有更多的人观看	More people watched the game because it was more exciting.
比赛节奏也变得更快	It was faster.
1994年，橄榄球联盟 在四分卫的头盔里安装了 无线电通讯器 随后给防守队员也装上了	In 1994, the NFL put helmet radios into the helmets of the quarterbacks, and later the defense.
大多数人看比赛是因为它节奏更快	More people watched games because it was faster.
更具娱乐性	It was more entertaining.
想像在2023年， 身为球员的你 走到球队集合点 看到下一次进攻的战术图 显示在你眼前的头盔护面上 也就是现在球员戴的头盔护面	In 2023, imagine you're a player walking back to the huddle, and you have your next play displayed right in front of your face on your clear plastic visor that you already wear right now.
你不用再担心自己忘了战术	No more having to worry about forgetting plays.
不用再担心去死背"兵书"	No more worrying about having to memorize your playbook.
你只需走上球场， 开始行动就行	You just go out and react.
教练们很想实现这点 因为不能成功地实施战术 会导致输掉比赛 而教练们讨厌失败	And coaches really want this, because missed assignments lose you games, and coaches hate losing games.
输了比赛，教练就得下课	Losing games gets you fired as a coach.
他们可不想被炒了鱿鱼	They don't want that.
但扩增实境不仅仅 能帮你在战术上有所提高	But augmented reality is not just an enhanced playbook.
它还能利用所获得的所有数据 进行实时分析 帮你打场更精彩的比赛	Augmented reality is also a way to take all that data and use it in real time to enhance how you play the game.
那会变成怎样一种情况呢？	What would that be like?
一个很简单的方法就是 在体育场的每个角都装上摄像机 这样你就能俯视全场 看到场内所有的人	Well, a very simple setup would be a camera on each corner of the stadium looking down, giving you a bird's-eye view of all the people down there.
你还能从头盔传感器 和加速度传感器 获得信息 现在这些技术正处在研发之中	You also have information from helmet sensors and accelerometers, technology that's being worked on right now.
你把获得的信息传给球员	You take all that information, and you stream it to your players.
优秀的球队知道该 如何利用这些数据	The good teams stream it in a way that the players can use.
而糟糕的球队则会面对 信息负荷的问题	The bad ones have information overload.
这就决定了一个球队的好坏	That determines good teams from bad.
那时，球队的信息技术部门 就和负责物色球员的部门一样重要 数据挖掘再也不是电脑呆子才干的事儿	And now, your I.T. department is just as important as your scouting department, and data-mining is not for nerds anymore.
运动员也能去挖掘数据，谁知道呢!	It's also for jocks. Who knew?
那在球场上又是怎样一番场景呢？	What would that look like on the field?
想像自己是个四分卫	Well, imagine you're the quarterback.
你接到发球，然后向后撤	You take the snap and you drop back.
你扫视前场，想要把球 传给一个没人防守的接球员	You're scanning downfield for an open receiver.
突然你的护面左边出现一道闪光 让你意识到 无人防守的线卫正对你闪电突击	All of a sudden, a bright flash on the left side of your visor lets you know, blind side linebacker is blitzing in.
通常情况下你是看不到线卫 但是扩增实境系统告诉了你	Normally, you wouldn't be able to see him, but the augmented reality system lets you know.
你退到口袋区	You step up into the pocket.
又一道闪光提醒你 有个无人防守的接球员	Another flash alerts you to an open receiver.
你扔出球，但在发球的同时 却被从右边来的人撞倒	You throw the ball, but you're hit right as you throw.
球偏离轨迹	The ball comes off track.
你不知道它会落在哪里	You don't know where it's going to land.
不过在接球员的护面上 他看到一小片草地变亮了 他知道要重新调整路线	However, on the receiver's visor, he sees a patch of grass light up, and he knows to readjust.
他跑到那里接到球 然后飞奔去触地	He goes, catches the ball, sprints in, touchdown.
球场沸腾了，球员的每一步 粉丝都可以身临其境去感受到 从每一个角度去体会	Crowd goes wild, and the fans are with him every step of the way, watching from every perspective.
而这就能为比赛带来 无穷的刺激	Now this is something that will create massive excitement in the game.
它吸引无数人去观赛 因为大家想要体会那种感受	It will make tons of people watch, because people want this experience.
粉丝们想要身处球场之中	Fans want to be on the field.
想要变身他们最爱的球员	They want to be their favorite player.
扩增实境将成为运动的一部分 因为它能带来太多的好处和利益	Augmented reality will be a part of sports, because it's too profitable not to.
但我现在想要问你们 难道我们就满足于 这样使用扩增实境吗？	But the question I ask you is, is that's all that we're content to use augmented reality for?
仅仅是为了赚钱 赢得比赛，增强娱乐性？	Are we going to use it solely for our panem, our circenses, our entertainment as normal?
我认为我们可以利用扩增实境 实现更多	Because I believe that we can use augmented reality for something more.
我们能用它 让人们对人类自己 产生更多的同感 让人们真真正正地 体会到 穿着别人的鞋走一英里的感受	I believe we can use augmented reality as a way to foster more empathy within the human species itself, by literally showing someone what it looks like to walk a mile in another person's shoes.
我们都知道这项技术 对于体育联盟的价值	We know what this technology is worth to sports leagues.
它能带来每年数十亿美元的收入	It's worth revenue, to the tune of billions of dollars a year.
这项技术对于 乌干达或俄罗斯的同性恋也有价值 它能让世界上其他人 体会到被迫害的感受	What is this technology worth to a gay Ugandan or Russian trying to show the world what it's like living under persecution?
这项技术对于 指挥官哈德菲尔德或奈尔·德葛拉司·泰森 这样的人也有用 利用扩增实境启发下一代人 让孩子们去更多地思考太空、科学 而不是季刊和卡戴珊	What is this technology worth to a Commander Hadfield or a Neil deGrasse Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly reports and Kardashians?
女生们，先生们 扩增实境的时代就要来临	Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality is coming.
我们提出的问题， 做出的选择 面临的挑战 全都取决于我们自己	The questions we ask, the choices we make, and the challenges we face are, as always, up to us.
谢谢	Thank you.
我在维多利亚的 一个小乡镇长大。	I grew up in a very small country town in Victoria.
我受的教育平凡而普通。	I had a very normal, low-key kind of upbringing.
我上学，跟朋友一起玩， 跟妹妹们吵架。	I went to school, I hung out with my friends, I fought with my younger sisters.
一切都再普通不过了。	It was all very normal.
在我15岁的时候，一名社区的工作人员 找到我的父母， 想要提名我 一个社区成就奖。	And when I was 15, a member of my local community approached my parents and wanted to nominate me for a community achievement award.
我的父母说："嗯，这是件好事儿， 不过有个比较明显的问题。	And my parents said, "Hm, that's really nice, but there's kind of one glaring problem with that.
她从来也没取得什么成就啊。" 他们说的对。	She hasn't actually achieved anything." And they were right, you know.
我上学，成绩还不错。 毕业之后在妈妈的 发型设计沙龙有个很普通的工作， 我还花很多时间看各种肥皂剧， 比如"吸血鬼猎人巴菲"和"恋爱时代"。	I went to school, I got good marks, I had a very low-key after school job in my mum's hairdressing salon, and I spent a lot of time watching "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Dawson's Creek."
没错，是有点矛盾。	Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
不过他们说得对，	But they were right, you know.
几年以后，我再次回到 一个墨尔本高中的教书， 当我在11年级的一堂法律课上刚讲了大概20分钟时， 一个男孩举手问道： "女士，你什么时候才能开始演讲？"	Years later, I was on my second teaching round in a Melbourne high school, and I was about 20 minutes into a year 11 legal studies class when this boy put up his hand and said, "Hey miss, when are you going to start doing your speech?"
我说："什么演讲？"	And I said, "What speech?"
事实上，我已经就诽谤法 讲了二十多分钟了。	You know, I'd been talking them about defamation law for a good 20 minutes.
然后他说："比方说 励志演说什么的。	And he said, "You know, like, your motivational speaking.
当坐着轮椅的人来到学校， 他们一般都会说一些鼓舞人心的故事，是吧？"	You know, when people in wheelchairs come to school, they usually say, like, inspirational stuff?"
"不过这种演讲一般都是在大报告厅里进行的呀。"	"It's usually in the big hall."
就是在那个时候我开始意识到： 这孩子一直把残障人士当做 一种励志对象。	And that's when it dawned on me: This kid had only ever experienced disabled people as objects of inspiration.
对这个孩子来说，我们并不是什么激励对象， 这也不是他的错， 很多人都有这种想法。	We are not, to this kid -- and it's not his fault, I mean, that's true for many of us.
对很多人来说，残障人士并不是老师， 医生或者美甲师。	For lots of us, disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our manicurists.
我们不是真实的人，我们的存在只是为了激励别人。	We're not real people. We are there to inspire.
现在，我在这个讲台上， 坐着轮椅演讲， 你们可能多少也会期待我 能对你们有所激励，对吧？（观众笑声） 我说的没错吧。	And in fact, I am sitting on this stage looking like I do in this wheelchair, and you are probably kind of expecting me to inspire you. Right? Yeah.
不过，女士们先生们，恐怕 我要让你们非常失望了。	Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid I'm going to disappoint you dramatically.
我在这里不是为了激励你们。	I am not here to inspire you.
我来这儿是想告诉你们 我们对残疾有错误的认识。	I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability.
其实，这并不是件坏事， 也不会让你变得多出众。	It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make you exceptional.
在过去的几年，这个谎言 通过社交媒体 被传的更广了。	And in the past few years, we've been able to propagate this lie even further via social media.
你们可能看过这样的图片： "生活中唯一的残缺就是消极的态度。"	You may have seen images like this one: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
或者这个："你的理由不成立。"	Or this one: "Your excuse is invalid." Indeed.
亦或者："不要轻易放弃，继续尝试！"	Or this one: "Before you quit, try!"
这只是其中的几个例子， 这样的图片还有很多。	These are just a couple of examples, but there are a lot of these images out there.
你们还可能看到过这个， 一个没有手臂的小女孩儿 把笔刁在嘴里画画。	You know, you might have seen the one, the little girl with no hands drawing a picture with a pencil held in her mouth.
你们可能也见过一个孩子借助 碳纤维义肢奔跑。	You might have seen a child running on carbon fiber prosthetic legs.
类似这样的图片， 太多了， 我们管这些叫励志情色片。	And these images, there are lots of them out there, they are what we call inspiration porn.
（观众笑声） 我故意用"情色片"这个词的， 因为他们为了另一群人的利益， 而把一群人物化。	And I use the term porn deliberately, because they objectify one group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
现在，我们正在物化残障人士， 以满足非残障人士的利益。	So in this case, we're objectifying disabled people for the benefit of nondisabled people.
这些图片是 想要鼓舞你们，激励你们， 这样我们看到这些残疾人的时候 就会想："哦，我的生活再糟， 也还是有比我更糟的。	The purpose of these images is to inspire you, to motivate you, so that we can look at them and think, "Well, however bad my life is, it could be worse.
还好我不是那个人。"	I could be that person."
但如果你就是那个人呢？	But what if you are that person?
我已经记不清有几次， 有陌生人向我走过来， 想要告诉我他们认为我很勇敢， 很励志， 这还是在我没有 成为公众人物之前的事。	I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
他们只是因为我早上能够正常起床， 还能记着我自己的名字 而祝贺我。（观众笑声） 这就是物化。	They were just kind of congratulating me for managing to get up in the morning and remember my own name. And it is objectifying.
这些图片 物化了残障人士，好让他们 能够激励非残障人士。	These images, those images objectify disabled people for the benefit of nondisabled people.
他们的存在，就在于能够让你们 庆幸自己过的还不坏， 把担心抛在脑后。	They are there so that you can look at them and think that things aren't so bad for you, to put your worries into perspective.
不过残障人士的生活 的确有些挑战。	And life as a disabled person is actually somewhat difficult.
我们确实需要克服一些困难。	We do overcome some things.
不过我们需要克服的那些事 跟你们想像的不一样。	But the things that we're overcoming are not the things that you think they are.
这些事跟我们身体本身的缺陷没什么关系。	They are not things to do with our bodies.
我刻意使用"残疾人"这个词， 因为我可以接受这种社会普遍认同的残疾， 这让我们认识到，相比较我们身体本身的 缺陷和病症，我们所居住的社会 让我们更觉得自己是残疾人。	I use the term "disabled people" quite deliberately, because I subscribe to what's called the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled by the society that we live in than by our bodies and our diagnoses.
其实我像现在这样已经相当久了。	So I have lived in this body a long time.
感觉还挺不错的。	I'm quite fond of it.
我想做什么都能做， 而且我也知道怎么做那些力所能及的事儿， 就跟你们一样， 图片里的那些孩子也是这样。	It does the things that I need it to do, and I've learned to use it to the best of its capacity just as you have, and that's the thing about those kids in those pictures as well.
他们并没做什么不同寻常的事儿。	They're not doing anything out of the ordinary.
他们只是最大程度的 让自己的身体发挥功能。	They are just using their bodies to the best of their capacity.
那么通过传播这些图片 来物化他们 真的公平吗？	So is it really fair to objectify them in the way that we do, to share those images?
当人们说："你真励志，" 他们以为这是一种赞美。	People, when they say, "You're an inspiration," they mean it as a compliment.
我知道大家为什么这么做。	And I know why it happens.
是因为我们一直以来都被灌输一种错误的思想： 残缺可以让你变得出色。	It's because of the lie, it's because we've been sold this lie that disability makes you exceptional.
我在讲台上否认这种激励作用， 你们就会想："天呐，史黛拉， 难道你就不会受其他事物的激励吗？"	You know, I'm up here bagging out inspiration, and you're thinking, "Jeez, Stella, aren't you inspired sometimes by some things?"
事实是，我会。	And the thing is, I am.
我无时无刻不在从其他残障人士身上学习。	I learn from other disabled people all the time.
不过我学习，并不是我比他们幸运多少。	I'm learning not that I am luckier than them, though.
我学到的是，用烧烤棍 把你掉的东西捡起来 是个相当不错的主意。（观众笑声） 我觉得用电动轮椅的电池给手机充电 也是个绝妙的点子。	I am learning that it's a genius idea to use a pair of barbecue tongs to pick up things that you dropped. I'm learning that nifty trick where you can charge your mobile phone battery from your chair battery.
太有才了！	Genius.
我们互相学习彼此的坚强和隐忍， 不是对抗身体缺陷和疾病的坚强， 而是对抗整个社会区别对待我们， 物化我们的这种风气。	We are learning from each others' strength and endurance, not against our bodies and our diagnoses, but against a world that exceptionalizes and objectifies us.
我真心认为这种针对我们残障人士的谎言 就是最大的不公。	I really think that this lie that we've been sold about disability is the greatest injustice.
这让我们的生活变得很困难。	It makes life hard for us.
还有那句名言："生活中唯一的残疾 就是消极的态度"， 这简直就是胡说八道， 因为事实根本不是这样 这只是社会认同的残疾。	And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that's bullshit is because it's just not true, because of the social model of disability.
笑的再多也不会让你费力攀爬的楼梯 变成可以通过轮椅的斜坡。	No amount of smiling at a flight of stairs has ever made it turn into a ramp.
这都是不可能的事情。	It's just not going to happen.
我真心期待能活在这样一个世界里， 残疾不再是当成一种特殊， 仅仅是普通现象。	I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
一个坐在卧室里 看"吸血鬼猎人巴菲" 的15岁女孩， 不会因为她能正常坐着 就被提名什么成就奖。	I want to live in a world where a 15-year-old girl sitting in her bedroom watching "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" isn't referred to as achieving anything because she's doing it sitting down.
在我期望的社会里， 人们不放低他们对 残障人士的期待， 不会因为他们早上能正常起床， 记得自己的名字 就对他们大加赞赏。	I want to live in a world where we don't have such low expectations of disabled people that we are congratulated for getting out of bed and remembering our own names in the morning.
我期待的社会，人们会认可残障人士 真正的成就， 我期待的社会里， 一个墨尔本高中11岁的孩子 不会因为他的新老师需要轮椅代步 而感到吃惊。	I want to live in a world where we value genuine achievement for disabled people, and I want to live in a world where a kid in year 11 in a Melbourne high school is not one bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
残障不会让你变得出色， 但质疑你原本自以为了解的事物，可以让你进步。	Disability doesn't make you exceptional, but questioning what you think you know about it does.
谢谢大家。	Thank you.
1990 年 11 月 5 日， 一位名叫埃尔·塞伊德·诺塞尔的男子 走入曼哈顿的一间宾馆 刺杀了拉比梅厄‧卡赫纳， 犹太防卫联盟的首领。	On November 5th, 1990, a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into a hotel in Manhattan and assassinated Rabbi Meir Kahane, the leader of the Jewish Defense League.
诺塞尔一开始并未被指认参与谋杀， 但当他因小事入狱服刑期间， 他和一些人开始计划袭击 纽约市的一些地标， 包括隧道，犹太教会堂 和联合国总部。	Nosair was initially found not guilty of the murder, but while serving time on lesser charges, he and other men began planning attacks on a dozen New York City landmarks, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
谢天谢地，这些计划被 美国联邦调查局的线人挫败了。	Thankfully, those plans were foiled by an FBI informant.
不幸的是，1993 年 世贸中心的那场爆炸袭击却发生了。	Sadly, the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center was not.
我 1983 年出生在 宾夕法尼亚州的匹兹堡， 我的父亲是一位 埃及裔工程师， 我有个爱我的美国母亲， 她是一名小学老师， 他们尽最大的努力 为给我创造出欢乐的童年。	I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1983 to him, an Egyptian engineer, and a loving American mother and grade school teacher, who together tried their best to create a happy childhood for me.
直到我 7 岁的时候 家庭氛围开始出现了变化。	It wasn't until I was seven years old that our family dynamic started to change.
我的父亲让我接触伊斯兰的一支 很少人见过，包括大部分的穆斯林， 都没见过的一个派别。	My father exposed me to a side of Islam that few people, including the majority of Muslims, get to see.
然而，所有宗教，所有群体， 你总能看到一小部分人 对他们的信仰太过狂热 以至于认为他们应该用各种方法 让其他人和他们过同样的生活。	However, in every religion, in every population, you'll find a small percentage of people who hold so fervently to their beliefs that they feel they must use any means necessary to make others live as they do.
我们来到凯佛顿射击场， 我们并不知道自己已经 被联邦调查局监视了。	We arrived at Calverton Shooting Range, which unbeknownst to our group was being watched by the FBI.
那天，我射出的最后一颗子弹 打中了目标顶上的橙色亮光， 所有人都惊呆了，尤其是我， 整个目标版燃烧了。	That day, the last bullet I shot hit the small orange light that sat on top of the target and to everyone's surprise, especially mine, the entire target burst into flames.
他们当场开怀大笑起来， 几年后 我才了解他们大笑的原因，	They all seemed to get a really big laugh out of that comment, but it wasn't until a few years later that I fully understood what they thought was so funny.
他们以为我和我的父亲有着 同样的摧毁能力。	They thought they saw in me the same destruction my father was capable of.
这群男人最终被指控 将满载 1500 磅重的 炸弹的厢式货车 停在世界贸易中心北塔的 地下停车场， 爆炸造成 6 人死亡， 同时致使超过 1000 人受伤。	Those men would eventually be convicted of placing a van filled with 1,500 pounds of explosives into the sub-level parking lot of the World Trade Center's North Tower, causing an explosion that killed six people and injured over 1,000 others.
这些是我曾经敬仰的人。	These were the men I looked up to.
这些是我曾经称呼其为 ammu， 意为叔叔的人。	These were the men I called ammu, which means uncle.
当我 19 岁的时候， 我已经搬超过 20 次家了， 童年所经历的不稳定 并未给我 结交朋友的机会。	By the time I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times in my life, and that instability during my childhood didn't really provide an opportunity to make many friends.
每当我感到和附近人相熟时， 就是我要收拾行囊 去下一个地方的时候。	Each time I would begin to feel comfortable around someone, it was time to pack up and move to the next town.
作为永远的班级新生， 我常是同学们欺负的对象。	Being the perpetual new face in class, I was frequently the target of bullies.
所以更多的时候， 我待在家里 看书看电视 或者是打电动。	So for the most part, I spent my time at home reading books and watching TV or playing video games.
正因为这样，我的社交能力有所缺失， 简单地说， 成长在固执的家庭， 我没有准备好应对现实世界。	For those reasons, my social skills were lacking, to say the least, and growing up in a bigoted household, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
我被教育成用武断的方式， 依据人们的脸或宗教， 来评断他人。	I'd been raised to judge people based on arbitrary measurements, like a person's race or religion.
什么让我开了眼界呢？	So what opened my eyes?
某次经历 挑战了我思考的方式 发生于 2000 年美国总统竞选期间。	One of my first experiences that challenged this way of thinking was during the 2000 presidential elections.
在预科期间， 我参与了 在费城举办的全国青年大会。	Through a college prep program, I was able to take part in the National Youth Convention in Philadelphia.
我这组的话题是关于青少年暴力， 作为倍受欺负的受害者， 这个话题我很感兴趣。	My particular group's focus was on youth violence, and having been the victim of bullying for most of my life, this was a subject in which I felt particularly passionate.
组员都有着不同的生活轨迹。	The members of our group came from many different walks of life.
大会临近结束的某天， 我发现我的某个朋友 是犹太人。	One day toward the end of the convention, I found out that one of the kids I had befriended was Jewish.
我也是过了几天 才知晓这件事情， 我认识到，我们之间 并没有与生俱来的仇恨。	Now, it had taken several days for this detail to come to light, and I realized that there was no natural animosity between the two of us.
我见识到有着不同信仰， 来自不同文化的人们， 这样的经验 对我的人格发展 是至关重要的。	There, I was exposed to people from all sorts of faiths and cultures, and that experience proved to be fundamental to the development of my character.
因为这样的感受，我能够 用真实生活和交际经历来 抵挡从孩童时期就被灌输的成见。	Because of that feeling, I was able to contrast the stereotypes I'd been taught as a child with real life experience and interaction.
我不知道作为同性恋者的感受， 但我熟知那种被 无法掌控的事物所评断的感受。	I don't know what it's like to be gay, but I'm well acquainted with being judged for something that's beyond my control.
接着，有个"每日秀"的节目出现了。	Then there was "The Daily Show."
鼓舞人心之事 往往来自你无法预知的地方， 事实上，一个犹太裔喜剧明星 积极地影响我的世界观， 比我那极端的亲生父亲 多得多。	Inspiration can often come from an unexpected place, and the fact that a Jewish comedian had done more to positively influence my worldview than my own extremist father is not lost on me.
某天，我和母亲谈到 我的世界观正在改变， 她对我说， 我将在生命里 一直带着尊重的心。	One day, I had a conversation with my mother about how my worldview was starting to change, and she said something to me that I will hold dear to my heart for as long as I live.
她用疲倦的眼神看着我， 她受够了 被教条主义侵占的人生， 说到："我不愿憎恨他人了。"	She looked at me with the weary eyes of someone who had experienced enough dogmatism to last a lifetime, and said, "I'm tired of hating people."
瞬间，我意识到，在内心里承受憎恨 需要多么巨大的负能量。	In that instant, I realized how much negative energy it takes to hold that hatred inside of you.
扎克‧伊博黑姆不是我的本名。	Zak Ebrahim is not my real name.
当我的家人决定 和我父亲断绝关系时 我改了这个名字 以开始新的生活。	I changed it when my family decided to end our connection with my father and start a new life.
那么，我为什么要 出现在公众视线前 将自己置于可能的危险境地呢？	So why would I out myself and potentially put myself in danger?
嗯，这很容易解释。	Well, that's simple.
而是选择通过自己的经验 来抵抗恐怖主义， 来反对偏见。	Instead, I choose to use my experience to fight back against terrorism, against the bigotry.
我为了那些恐怖袭击的受害者 以及他们的亲人而这样做， 为了那些被恐怖主义活动所造成的 生命的苦痛和损失而这样做。	I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has forced upon their lives.
为了那些遭受恐怖袭击的 受害者，我站出来 反对这些毫无意义的袭击行动， 谴责我父亲的行为。	For the victims of terrorism, I will speak out against these senseless acts and condemn my father's actions.
就是这样简单的原因， 我站在这里证明 暴力不是宗教或种族与生俱来的， 儿子并不需要走上 和父亲相同的道路。	And with that simple fact, I stand here as proof that violence isn't inherent in one's religion or race, and the son does not have to follow the ways of his father.
我不是我的父亲。	I am not my father.
此时此刻 正有一部电影在你脑海中放映。	Right now you have a movie playing inside your head.
这是一部奇妙的多轨道电影。	It's an amazing multi-track movie.
这部围绕着你正看到和听到的电影 拥有三维视觉和环绕立体声， 但这仅仅是个开始。	It has 3D vision and surround sound for what you're seeing and hearing right now, but that's just the start of it.
你的电影有嗅觉、味觉和触觉。	Your movie has smell and taste and touch.
它拥有你的身体所拥有的感觉， 痛苦，饥饿，高潮。	It has a sense of your body, pain, hunger, orgasms.
它拥有情绪， 愤怒和快乐。	It has emotions, anger and happiness.
它拥有记忆，就像你的童年 正在你的面前放映。	It has memories, like scenes from your childhood playing before you.
并且它在你的有意识的思维流中 拥有恒定的旁白。	And it has this constant voiceover narrative in your stream of conscious thinking.
这部电影的核心 是你直接体验这一切。	At the heart of this movie is you experiencing all this directly.
这部电影是你的意识流， 它是一部关于 对思想和世界的体验为主题的影片。	This movie is your stream of consciousness, the subject of experience of the mind and the world.
意识是人类之所以存在 的基本事实之一。	Consciousness is one of the fundamental facts of human existence.
我们每个人都是有意识的。	Each of us is conscious.
我们都有自己的内心电影， 包括你、你、还有你。	We all have our own inner movie, you and you and you.
没有什么是我们能直接了解的。	There's nothing we know about more directly.
至少，我能直接了解我的意识。	At least, I know about my consciousness directly.
我不确定你们是否也能意识到这点。	I can't be certain that you guys are conscious.
意识也是一种让生命值得活下去的东西。	Consciousness also is what makes life worth living.
如果我们没有意识，那么我们生命中的任何事情 都失去了意义和价值。	If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would have meaning or value.
同时，意识也是 最宇宙中最神秘的现象。	But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
为什么我们不只是那种 处理输入 再输出结果 而不会体验任何内心电影的机器人？	Why aren't we just robots who process all this input, produce all that output, without experiencing the inner movie at all?
目前为止，没有人知道这个问题 的答案。	Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
我想说如果要将意识整合 到科学中去，一些激进的想法也许是需要的。	I'm going to suggest that to integrate consciousness into science, some radical ideas may be needed.
有人说意识科学 是不可能存在的。	Some people say a science of consciousness is impossible.
科学，从它的本质上来看，是客观的。	Science, by its nature, is objective.
意识，从它的本质上来看，是主观的。	Consciousness, by its nature, is subjective.
所以，不可能会有意识科学。	So there can never be a science of consciousness.
在20世纪的大部分时间里，这种观点占据统治地位。	For much of the 20th century, that view held sway.
心理学家客观地研究行为举止， 神经科学家客观地研究大脑， 但是没有人哪怕是提到意识。	Psychologists studied behavior objectively, neuroscientists studied the brain objectively, and nobody even mentioned consciousness.
即使30年前，当TED刚开始时， 也很少见到关于意识方面 的科学研究。	Even 30 years ago, when TED got started, there was very little scientific work on consciousness.
大约在20年前， 所有这些都开始改变了。	Now, about 20 years ago, all that began to change.
像弗朗西斯·克里克这样的神经科学家 以及像罗杰·彭罗斯这样的物理学家 都说现在正是科学向意识方面进攻 的时候。	Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said now is the time for science to attack consciousness.
从那以来， 关于意识方面的科学研究 遍地开花。	And since then, there's been a real explosion, a flowering of scientific work on consciousness.
这项研究很奇妙，很了不起。	And this work has been wonderful. It's been great.
但是迄今为止它也还有一些 根本的局限性。	But it also has some fundamental limitations so far.
我们看了南希·坎维舍 做的一些这方面的研究以及几分钟之前 她刚刚提交的精彩工作。	We saw some of this kind of work from Nancy Kanwisher and the wonderful work she presented just a few minutes ago.
现在我们有了更好的理解，例如， 不同的大脑区域对应着不同 的意识体验：人脸识别 或者感受痛苦 或者感受快乐。	Now we understand much better, for example, the kinds of brain areas that go along with the conscious experience of seeing faces or of feeling pain or of feeling happy.
但这仍然是关于相关性的科学。	But this is still a science of correlations.
这不是意识科学。	It's not a science of explanations.
我们知道这些大脑区域 对应着特定的意识体验， 但是我们不知道为什么会这样。	We know that these brain areas go along with certain kinds of conscious experience, but we don't know why they do.
我想说的是， 神经科学方面的这种研究 正回答着那些 我们想要回答的关于意识、 关于某些特定大脑区域做些什么 以及对应哪种的问题。	I like to put this by saying that this kind of work from neuroscience is answering some of the questions we want answered about consciousness, the questions about what certain brain areas do and what they correlate with.
但是从某种意义上来说，这些都是简单的问题。	But in a certain sense, those are the easy problems.
都不是神经科学家想要研究的。	No knock on the neuroscientists.
没有真正的关于意识的简单问题。	There are no truly easy problems with consciousness.
它没能解开关于这个课题的核心 的真正谜团： 为什么大脑中所有的物理过程 必须伴随着意识？	But it doesn't address the real mystery at the core of this subject: why is it that all that physical processing in a brain should be accompanied by consciousness at all?
为什么会有这种内心的主观电影的存在？	Why is there this inner subjective movie?
目前为止，我们对此还没有一点头绪。	Right now, we don't really have a bead on that.
也许你会说， 让我们再给神经科学几年时间。	And you might say, let's just give neuroscience a few years.
它会被证明是另一种涌现现象， 就像塞车、就像飓风、 就像生命一样，并且我们会弄明白它。	It'll turn out to be another emergent phenomenon like traffic jams, like hurricanes, like life, and we'll figure it out.
所有涌现现象的经典案例 都是应急行为的表现， 塞车是如何行成的， 飓风是如何作用的， 生物体是如何繁殖、 适应环境和新陈代谢的， 所有这些问题都是关于客观机能的。	The classical cases of emergence are all cases of emergent behavior, how a traffic jam behaves, how a hurricane functions, how a living organism reproduces and adapts and metabolizes, all questions about objective functioning.
你可以把它应用到人类的大脑上 去解释为什么人类大脑的某些行为 和功能 跟涌现现象很像： 我们如何走路，如何谈话，如何下象棋， 所有这些问题都是关于行为的。	You could apply that to the human brain in explaining some of the behaviors and the functions of the human brain as emergent phenomena: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess, all these questions about behavior.
但是当谈到意识时， 关于行为的问题 只是一个简单的问题。	But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
当涉及到困难问题时， 问题就变成了为什么 所有的这些行为 都伴随着主观体验。	When it comes to the hard problem, that's the question of why is it that all this behavior is accompanied by subjective experience?
对此，涌现现象 的标准范例， 甚至神经科学的标准范例， 到目前为止都没有太多可以说的。	And here, the standard paradigm of emergence, even the standard paradigms of neuroscience, don't really, so far, have that much to say.
现在，我本质上是一个科学唯物主义者。	Now, I'm a scientific materialist at heart.
我希望某种关于意识的科学理论 能够奏效， 在过去很长一段时间里， 我埋头苦干， 努力寻找一种有效的 单从物理的角度去解释的 关于意识的理论。	I want a scientific theory of consciousness that works, and for a long time, I banged my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in purely physical terms that would work.
但我最终得出一个结论， 那就是它不起作用只是因为系统性的原因。	But I eventually came to the conclusion that that just didn't work for systematic reasons.
因此我想我们进入了僵局。	So I think we're at a kind of impasse here.
我们已经有了一套美妙的、伟大的解释链， 我们已经习惯了它，那就是用用物理解释化学， 用化学解释生物， 用生物解释部分心理学。	We've got this wonderful, great chain of explanation, we're used to it, where physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains parts of psychology.
但是意识 似乎并不符合这种情形。	But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this picture.
一方面，它是一个已知数 即我们是有意识的。	On the one hand, it's a datum that we're conscious.
另一方面，我们却并不知道 如何使它与我们的科学的世界观相适应。	On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate it into our scientific view of the world.
所以我认为就目前而言意识 是一种反常事物， 是一种需要我们将它整合到 我们的世界观中，而我们却还不知道如何整合的事物。	So I think consciousness right now is a kind of anomaly, one that we need to integrate into our view of the world, but we don't yet see how.
面对这样的反常事物， 我们可能需要一些激进的想法， 并且我认为我们可能需要一两个 在我们可以科学地 面对意识之前 看起来很疯狂的想法。	Faced with an anomaly like this, radical ideas may be needed, and I think that we may need one or two ideas that initially seem crazy before we can come to grips with consciousness scientifically.
现在，对于这些疯狂的想法可能是什么 已经有了一些候选项。	Now, there are a few candidates for what those crazy ideas might be.
我的朋友丹·丹尼特就有一个这样的想法，他今天也在这里。	My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
他的疯狂想法是关于意识 的困难问题并不存在。	His crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
整个内心主观电影的想法 涉及一种幻觉或困惑。	The whole idea of the inner subjective movie involves a kind of illusion or confusion.
事实上，我们现在要做的就是解释 客观功能和大脑行为， 然后自然地我们就解释了 所有需要被解释的。	Actually, all we've got to do is explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and then we've explained everything that needs to be explained.
我想说，给他更多的能量。	Well I say, more power to him.
这就是那种我们需要去探索的 激进想法， 如果你想获得关于意识的 纯还原论者的基于大脑的理论的话。	That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if you want to have a purely reductionist brain-based theory of consciousness.
同时，对于我和其他很多人来说， 这个观点有一点太接近于简单地 否认关于意识的已知资料 而不能令人满意。	At the same time, for me and for many other people, that view is a bit too close to simply denying the datum of consciousness to be satisfactory.
因此我选择了另一个不同的方向。	So I go in a different direction.
在余下的时间里， 我想探讨两个我认为可能有希望的 疯狂想法。	In the time remaining, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think may have some promise.
第一种疯狂想法是 意识是一种基本概念。	The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
物理学家有时候会把宇宙中的某些方面 作为基本概念，如： 空间、时间和质量。	Physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental building blocks: space and time and mass.
他们设定了一些基本定律去管理它们， 例如重力定律和量子力学定律。	They postulate fundamental laws governing them, like the laws of gravity or of quantum mechanics.
这些基本性质和定律 不能解释一些更基础的东西。	These fundamental properties and laws aren't explained in terms of anything more basic.
这相当于以它们为根本， 然后你在它们的基础上建立这个世界。	Rather, they're taken as primitive, and you build up the world from there.
现在，这张基本定律名单会不时扩大。	Now sometimes, the list of fundamentals expands.
在19世纪，麦克斯韦断定 你无法用当时存在的基本概念—— 空间、时间、质量、牛顿定律—— 去解释电磁现象， 因此他设定了电磁学的 基本定律， 并且设定了电荷 作为这些定律的 基本元素。	In the 19th century, Maxwell figured out that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of the existing fundamentals — space, time, mass, Newton's laws — so he postulated fundamental laws of electromagnetism and postulated electric charge as a fundamental element that those laws govern.
我认为这与我们在研究意识上的 情形是一样的。	I think that's the situation we're in with consciousness.
如果我们不能用现存的基本概念—— 时间、空间、质量、电荷—— 去解释意识， 那么从逻辑上而言，你需要去扩充这张名单。	If you can't explain consciousness in terms of the existing fundamentals — space, time, mass, charge — then as a matter of logic, you need to expand the list.
接下来将意识本身设定为 某种根本性的东西， 作为自然界的基本概念就是一件自然而然的事。	The natural thing to do is to postulate consciousness itself as something fundamental, a fundamental building block of nature.
这并不意味着突然间你不能用它来研究科学了。	This doesn't mean you suddenly can't do science with it.
这反而是为你开僻了一条用它来研究科学的道路。	This opens up the way for you to do science with it.
然后我们需要做的就是研究 那些掌控着意识的基本定律， 那些将意识与其它基本概念—— 空间、时间、质量、物理过程—— 联系在一起的定律。	What we then need is to study the fundamental laws governing consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness to other fundamentals: space, time, mass, physical processes.
物理学家有时候说 我们希望那些基本定律可以简单到 能够把它们写在T恤上。	Physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could write them on the front of a t-shirt.
我想我们在对意识的研究上 也应该这样。	Well I think something like that is the situation we're in with consciousness.
我希望我们发现的关于意识的基本定律也可以简单到 能够把它们写在T恤上。	We want to find fundamental laws so simple we could write them on the front of a t-shirt.
我们现在还不知道这些定律是什么， 但这是我们正在寻找的。	We don't know what those laws are yet, but that's what we're after.
第二个疯狂的想法 是意识也许是普通存在的。	The second crazy idea is that consciousness might be universal.
也许每个系统都有某种程度的 意识。	Every system might have some degree of consciousness.
这种观点有时被称作泛心论： 万物皆有精神或心理活动， 每个系统都具有意识， 不仅是人类、狗、老鼠、苍蝇， 甚至连罗伯·奈特的微生物、 基本粒子都具有意识。	This view is sometimes called panpsychism: pan for all, psych for mind, every system is conscious, not just humans, dogs, mice, flies, but even Rob Knight's microbes, elementary particles.
甚至连一个光子都有某种程度的意识。	Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
这个观点不是说光子是智能的 或者能思考的。	The idea is not that photons are intelligent or thinking.
不是说一个光子 会由于焦虑而被破坏， 而这种焦虑是因为它想着"哦，我总是以接近光速的速度	It's not that a photon is wracked with angst because it's thinking, "Aww, I'm always buzzing around near the speed of light.
紧张地跑来跑去，从来没有放慢速度来闻一闻玫瑰花香"。	I never get to slow down and smell the roses."
不，事情不是这样子的。	No, not like that.
这种观点想要表达的是也许光子可能会有 一些原始的、主观的体验， 一些原始的意识的前兆。	But the thought is maybe photons might have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor to consciousness.
对你来说，这听起来可能有点怪。	This may sound a bit kooky to you.
我的意思是，为什么不可以有人思考这样疯狂的事呢？	I mean, why would anyone think such a crazy thing?
有一些动机来自第一个疯狂想法， 即意识是基本概念。	Some motivation comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
如果它是基本概念，就像空间、时间和质量一样， 那么很自然地可以假定它也可能具有普遍性， 就像其它的基本概念一样。	If it's fundamental, like space and time and mass, it's natural to suppose that it might be universal too, the way they are.
还有一点值得注意的是虽然这个想法 对我们来说是违反直觉的， 但对来自其他文化的人来说 可能就不是那么违反直觉了， 那些人的心灵 跟自然联系在一起的时间更长。	It's also worth noting that although the idea seems counterintuitive to us, it's much less counterintuitive to people from different cultures, where the human mind is seen as much more continuous with nature.
从这个想法中得到的一个更深的动机是 也许找出将意识与物理过程 联系在一起的 最简单和最有力的方式 就是将意识与信息相结合。	A deeper motivation comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws connecting consciousness to physical processing is to link consciousness to information.
有信息处理的地方 就有意识。	Wherever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
复杂的信息处理，比如说人类的信息处理， 伴随着复杂的意识。	Complex information processing, like in a human, complex consciousness.
简单的信息处理， 伴随着简单的意识。	Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
一件令人很兴奋的事是最近几年 有一个神经科学家，朱利奥·托诺尼 采用了这种理论 并且严格按照数学理论 的方式发展了它。	A really exciting thing is in recent years a neuroscientist, Giulio Tononi, has taken this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with a mathematical theory.
他有一个关于信息整合 的数学测量， 他称之为phi， 他用它来测量 一个系统中的信息整合的量。	He has a mathematical measure of information integration which he calls phi, measuring the amount of information integrated in a system.
他推断phi 是与意识相关的。	And he supposes that phi goes along with consciousness.
所以在人类的大脑中， 有着令人难以置信的信息整合量， 高度的phi值， 一大堆的意识。	So in a human brain, incredibly large amount of information integration, high degree of phi, a whole lot of consciousness.
在老鼠的大脑中，有中度的信息整合量， 但仍然数目庞大， 仍然具有大量的意识。	In a mouse, medium degree of information integration, still pretty significant, pretty serious amount of consciousness.
但是当你将研究目标降至蠕虫、 微生物、粒子， phi的值就会跌落。	But as you go down to worms, microbes, particles, the amount of phi falls off.
信息整合量会跌落， 但不会为零。	The amount of information integration falls off, but it's still non-zero.
在托诺尼的理论中， 意识程度 也不会降为零。	On Tononi's theory, there's still going to be a non-zero degree of consciousness.
事实上，他正在提出这样一个关于意识的 基本定律：phi值越高，意识度也越高。	In effect, he's proposing a fundamental law of consciousness: high phi, high consciousness.
现在，我不知道这个理论是否正确， 但是实际上或许它正处于 意识科学的理论前沿， 并且它已经被用于整合 各方面的科学数据， 它还有一个很好的属性就是它足够简单， 简单到你可以将它写在T恤上。	Now, I don't know if this theory is right, but it's actually perhaps the leading theory right now in the science of consciousness, and it's been used to integrate a whole range of scientific data, and it does have a nice property that it is in fact simple enough you can write it on the front of a t-shirt.
另外一个最终动机就是 泛心论可以帮助我们 将意识和物理世界相结合。	Another final motivation is that panpsychism might help us to integrate consciousness into the physical world.
物理学家和哲学家经常注意到 物理学是深奥抽象的。	Physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
它用一连串的方程式 去描述现实结构， 但是它又不告诉我们 构成它的现实基础。	It describes the structure of reality using a bunch of equations, but it doesn't tell us about the reality that underlies it.
正如史蒂芬·霍金所说， 是什么将火放进方程式的？	As Stephen Hawking puts it, what puts the fire into the equations?
而在泛心论者看来， 物理方程可以是它现在的样子， 但是你也可以用它来描述 意识的量。	Well, on the panpsychist view, you can leave the equations of physics as they are, but you can take them to be describing the flux of consciousness.
这是物理学最终要做的， 描述意识的量。	That's what physics really is ultimately doing, describing the flux of consciousness.
用这种观点看来，是意识 将火放到了方程中。	On this view, it's consciousness that puts the fire into the equations.
在那种观点看来，意识 不是晃荡在物质世界之外 的特别的东西。	On that view, consciousness doesn't dangle outside the physical world as some kind of extra.
它存在于物质世界的核心。	It's there right at its heart.
我认为，这种泛心论者的观点， 有那种使我们对我们与自然的关系产生改观 的潜能， 并且它可能产生一些相当严重的 社会和伦理方面的后果。	This view, I think, the panpsychist view, has the potential to transfigure our relationship to nature, and it may have some pretty serious social and ethical consequences.
它们当中的一些可能是违反直觉的。	Some of these may be counterintuitive.
我曾经想我不可以 吃任何有意识的东西， 因此我要做一个素食主义者。	I used to think I shouldn't eat anything which is conscious, so therefore I should be vegetarian.
但是现，如果你是一个泛心论者并且采用这种观点， 你只能挨饿。	Now, if you're a panpsychist and you take that view, you're going to go very hungry.
因此我想当你思考它的时候， 这将会使你有改变观点的倾向， 然而对于伦理目标 和道德考量来说 最重要的不是关于意识的事实， 而是意识的程度和复杂性。	So I think when you think about it, this tends to transfigure your views, whereas what matters for ethical purposes and moral considerations, not so much the fact of consciousness, but the degree and the complexity of consciousness.
探讨其它系统，比如说电脑中的意识 也是一件很自然的事情。	It's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems, like computers.
比如说电影《她》中的 人工智能系统萨曼莎是什么情况？	What about the artificially intelligent system in the movie "Her," Samantha?
她有意识吗？	Is she conscious?
如果你用这种信息性的， 泛心论者的角度来看， 她的确能进行复杂的信息处理 和整合， 所以答案很有可能是"是"，她是有意识的。	Well, if you take the informational, panpsychist view, she certainly has complicated information processing and integration, so the answer is very likely yes, she is conscious.
如果这个答案正确的话， 那么不管是开发智能计算机系统 或者关闭他们 都会引起严重的伦理问题。	If that's right, it raises pretty serious ethical issues about both the ethics of developing intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning them off.
最后，你可能会询问 集体意识、 行星的意识。	Finally, you might ask about the consciousness of whole groups, the planet.
加拿大有它自己的意识吗？	Does Canada have its own consciousness?
或者在一个更地方的层面来说， 一个由一场TED大会的听众 所组成的集体 拥有集体的TED意识吗， 这个TED集体 的内在电影 是与我们每个人自己 的内在电影不同吗？	Or at a more local level, does an integrated group like the audience at a TED conference, are we right now having a collective TED consciousness, an inner movie for this collective TED group which is distinct from the inner movies of each of our parts?
我不知道这个问题的答案， 但我觉得至少它 值得重视。	I don't know the answer to that question, but I think it's at least one worth taking seriously.
好了，这就是泛心论者的观点， 它是一个激进的想法， 而我不知道它是否正确。	Okay, so this panpsychist vision, it is a radical one, and I don't know that it's correct.
事实上我对第一个疯狂想法 即意识是一种基本概念， 要比对第二个疯狂想法 即意识是普遍存在的 要更有把握。	I'm actually more confident about the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental, than about the second one, that it's universal.
我的意思是，这个观点引起了很多问题， 拥有很多挑战， 比如说那些小的意识 是如何添加到 我们了解和喜爱 的复杂意识中去的。	I mean, the view raises any number of questions, has any number of challenges, like how do those little bits of consciousness add up to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
如果我们能够回答这些问题， 那么我想我们就会在通往 关于意识的严肃理论的道路上顺利走下去。	If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going to be well on our way to a serious theory of consciousness.
如果不能，那么这可能成为 科学上和哲学上最难解的问题。	If not, well, this is the hardest problem perhaps in science and philosophy.
我们不能期盼一个晚上就能解决这个问题。	We can't expect to solve it overnight.
但是我相信我们终将弄明白它。	But I do think we're going to figure it out eventually.
我想，理解意识是 我们理解宇宙 和理解我们自己的一个关键。	Understanding consciousness is a real key, I think, both to understanding the universe and to understanding ourselves.
而做到这一点也许只需要我们采用正确的疯狂想法。	It may just take the right crazy idea.
谢谢。	Thank you.
这是我的侄女，斯特拉。	This is my niece, Stella.
她刚满一岁并开始学走路了。	She's just turned one and started to walk.
她正在用一岁的小孩通常使用的非常酷的方式走路， 那种摇摇晃晃、身体比腿移动得快得多的方式。	And she's walking in that really cool way that one-year-olds do, a kind of teetering, my-body's-moving- too-fast-for-my-legs kind of way.
这真的很有意思。	It is absolutely gorgeous.
她最喜欢做的事情之一 就是盯着镜子里的自己。	And one of her favorite things to do at the moment is to stare at herself in the mirror.
她非常喜欢自己在镜子里的影像。	She absolutely loves her reflection.
她边笑边叫，然后给了镜子中的自己一些大大的、湿湿的吻。	She giggles and squeals, and gives herself these big, wet kisses.
从什么时候开始，突然间我们不再喜欢自己的长相了？	When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?
因为很显然我们不再那样做。	Because apparently we don't.
每个月都有一万人在谷歌上搜索 "我丑吗?"	Ten thousand people every month google, "Am I ugly?"
这是法耶，她13岁，住在丹佛。	This is Faye. Faye is 13 and she lives in Denver.
就像所有的青少年一样，她也想被别人喜欢并与人相处融洽。	And like any teenager, she just wants to be liked and to fit in.
她有些害怕，并且有一点困惑，因为 尽管她妈妈一直告诉她说 她很漂亮， 但是每天在学校都会有人说她长得难看。	And she's slightly dreading it, and she's a bit confused because despite her mom telling her all the time that she's beautiful, every day at school, someone tells her that she's ugly.
因为她妈妈告诉她的和她在学校的朋友 或同龄人告诉她的是不同的， 所以她不知道该相信谁。	Because of the difference between what her mom tells her and what her friends at school, or her peers at school are telling her, she doesn't know who to believe.
它们中的一些很下流，不值一提。	Some of them are so nasty, they don't bear thinking about.
这是一个普通的、看起来很健康的少女 在她生命中情感最脆弱的时光收到的回复。	This is an average, healthy-looking teenage girl receiving this feedback at one of the most emotionally vulnerable times in her life.
今天的青少年很少独处。	Well, today's teenagers are rarely alone.
他们被迫上网并随时保持在线， 聊天、发信息、点赞、评论、分享、上传—— 无休无止。	They're under pressure to be online and available at all times, talking, messaging, liking, commenting, sharing, posting — it never ends.
我们之前从来没有如此被紧密地联系， 而且是如此地无休无止、如此快速，如此年轻。	Never before have we been so connected, so continuously, so instantaneously, so young.
正如一位妈妈跟我说的，似乎每天晚上他们的卧室里都有聚会。	And as one mom told me, it's like there's a party in their bedroom every night.
简直毫无隐私。	There's simply no privacy.
而由此伴随而来的社会压力也是残酷的。	And the social pressures that go along with that are relentless.
这种永远在线的环境将我们的孩子训练成 要靠通过他们获得的点赞数量 和收到的评论来肯定自己的价值。	This always-on environment is training our kids to value themselves based on the number of likes they get and the types of comments that they receive.
没有线上和线下之分，	There's no separation between online and offline life.
很难区分什么是真实的什么不是真实的，	What's real or what isn't is really hard to tell the difference between.
那他们又从哪里去获得灵感呢？	And where are they looking to for inspiration?
你可以看看那些今天出现在各种新闻中 女孩的形象。	Well, you can see the kinds of images that are covering the newsfeeds of girls today.
"零号尺寸"模特仍然统治着T形台。	Size zero models still dominate our catwalks.
修饰照片现在也很常见。	Airbrushing is now routine.
现在的趋势是#励瘦、#大腿间距、 #比基尼桥和#安娜运动。	And trends like #thinspiration, #thighgap, #bikinibridge and #proana.
要跟那些不明白这些的人提一下，#安娜运动的意思是支持厌食。	For those who don't know, #proana means pro-anorexia.
这些趋势与今天的流行文化中对女性的刻板印象 和公然物化结合在一起。	These trends are teamed with the stereotyping and flagrant objectification of women in today's popular culture.
从中不难看出女孩子们是怎样定位自己的。	It is not hard to see what girls are benchmarking themselves against.
但是男孩子们对此也不能幸免。	But boys are not immune to this either.
他们渴望拥有轮廓分明的下巴线条和像英雄般的体育明星 以及花花公子音乐艺术家所拥有的六块腹肌。	Aspiring to the chiseled jaw lines and ripped six packs of superhero-like sports stars and playboy music artists.
但是, 所有的这些表现的问题是什么呢?	But, what's the problem with all of this?
我们当然希望我们的孩子成长为一个健康、均衡发展的个人。	Well, surely we want our kids to grow up as healthy, well balanced individuals.
但是在这样一个对相貌着迷的文化中，我们正将我们的孩子训练成 将更多的时间和精力花在外貌上， 而对于其他方面的身份认同关注更少的人。	But in an image-obsessed culture, we are training our kids to spend more time and mental effort on their appearance at the expense of all of the other aspects of their identities.
因此，他们会在人际关系、体能发展 和学习等方面开始受挫。	So, things like their relationships, the development of their physical abilities, and their studies and so on begin to suffer.
现在10个女孩中有6个会因为她们觉得自己不够好看 而不去做某事。	Six out of 10 girls are now choosing not to do something because they don't think they look good enough.
这些都不是琐事。	These are not trivial activities.
作为人类以及社会和职场的参与者的发展来说， 这些都是基本的。	These are fundamental activities to their development as humans and as contributors to society and to the workforce.
有31%，也就是说将近三分之一的青少年 会从课堂辩论中退出。 他们退出是因为 不想让别人注意到他们的长相。	Thirty-one percent, nearly one in three teenagers, are withdrawing from classroom debate. They're failing to engage in classroom debate because they don't want to draw attention to the way that they look.
有五分之一的青少年在感觉不是很好的时候 甚至都不会在班级里露面。	One in five are not showing up to class at all on days when they don't feel good about it.
考试的时候， 如果你觉得自己不够好看， 特别是如果你觉得自己不够苗条的话， 那么跟那些不关心这些的同学比起来 你可能得到的平均分数要比他们低。	And when it comes to exams, if you don't think you look good enough, specifically if you don't think you are thin enough, you will score a lower grade point average than your peers who are not concerned with this.
这一点不管是在芬兰、美国	And this is consistent across Finland, the U.S.
还是中国都是一致的，而且不管你真实的体重是多少。	and China, and is true regardless of how much you actually weigh.
所以非常清楚，我们是在讨论 你所认为的自己的长相，而不是你的真实长相。	So to be super clear, we're talking about the way you think you look, not how you actually look.
对身体的信心不足会削弱学业成绩。	Low body confidence is undermining academic achievement.
而且也会有损健康。	But it's also damaging health.
那些对自己身体信心不足的青少年会更少参加体育活动， 吃更少的水果和蔬菜， 而会更多参加那些不健康的可能导致饮食失调的 体重控制训练。	Teenagers with low body confidence do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, partake in more unhealthy weight control practices that can lead to eating disorders.
而且我们并不会因为长大而放弃追求完美身材。	And we don't grow out of it.
那些认为自己超重的妇女——不管她们 是否真的超重—— 会有更高的缺勤率。	Women who think they're overweight — again, regardless of whether they are or are not — have higher rates of absenteeism.
17%的女性会因为 某天感觉对自己的长相不自信 而不去参加那天的面试。	Seventeen percent of women would not show up to a job interview on a day when they weren't feeling confident about the way that they look.
想一下这对我们的经济 会有什么影响。	Have a think about what this is doing to our economy.
如果我们能克服这些，将会带来 哪些机会。	If we could overcome this, what that opportunity looks like.
释放这个潜能将有益于 我们每一个人。	Unlocking this potential is in the interest of every single one of us.
但是我们该如何去做呢？	But how do we do that?
单独的空谈，也就只能到此为止了。	Well, talking, on its own, only gets you so far.
它本身是不够的。	It's not enough by itself.
如果你真的想有所改变， 你得去做点什么。	If you actually want to make a difference, you have to do something.
而我们了解到这里有三个关键的方法： 首先我们得培养自己对身体充满信心。	And we've learned there are three key ways: The first is we have to educate for body confidence.
我们得帮助青少年想出 策略去克服跟形象有关的压力 并且建立他们的自尊心。	We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome image-related pressures and build their self-esteem.
好消息是现在已经有 许多这样的项目。	Now, the good news is that there are many programs out there available to do this.
坏消息是大多数这样的项目没有效。	The bad news is that most of them don't work.
我很震惊地了解到许多善意的 项目却无意中 使得情况更糟糕了。	I was shocked to learn that many well-meaning programs are inadvertently actually making the situation worse.
因此我们要确保 我们的孩子们正在接受的项目 不仅是对他们有积极影响的， 而且还要有持续的影响。	So we need to make damn sure that the programs that our kids are receiving are not only having a positive impact, but having a lasting impact as well.
研究表明最好的项目 跟六个关键领域有关： 首先是家人和亲朋好友的影响。	And the research shows that the best programs address six key areas: The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
其次是媒体和名人文化， 然后是如何处理调侃和欺凌， 同其他人基于长相的 竞争和比较的方式， 对相貌的讨论——有些人 称之为"身材谈话"或"肥胖谈话"—— 最后一点，是你尊重 和看待自己的基础。	The second is media and celebrity culture, then how to handle teasing and bullying, the way we compete and compare with one another based on looks, talking about appearance — some people call this "body talk" or "fat talk" — and finally, the foundations of respecting and looking after yourself.
挑战我们在圈子中 如何看待和谈论女性的现状。	Challenging the status quo of how women are seen and talked about in our own circles.
我们不能仅凭 政治家的发型和胸围 去判断她的贡献大小， 或者因为长相不佳而推断 一个奥运会运动员不会成功。	It is not okay that we judge the contribution of our politicians by their haircuts or the size of their breasts, or to infer that the determination or the success of an Olympian is down to her not being a looker.
我们需要根据人们的所做所为去评判一个人， 而不是他们的长相。	We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like.
我们可以从对我们 发布在社交网络上的图片和评论 担起责任开始做起。	We can all start by taking responsibility for the types of pictures and comments that we post on our own social networks.
我们可以基于人们的努力 和行动去赞美他们 而不是他们的相貌。	We can compliment people based on their effort and their actions and not on their appearance.
让我来问问你， 你上一次对着镜子亲吻 是什么时候？	And let me ask you, when was the last time that you kissed a mirror?
最终，我们需要跟 社区、政府 和企业一起努力去改变我们的这些文化， 这样我们的孩子才能在成长中获得完整的自我， 重视个性、多元和包容。	Ultimately, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses to really change this culture of ours so that our kids grow up valuing their whole selves, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
我们要让那些正在改变 我们的现状的人去改变 真实的世界。	We need to put the people that are making a real difference on our pedestals, making a difference in the real world.
给他们时间，因为只有这样 我们才能创造一个不同的世界，	Giving them the airtime, because only then will we create a different world.
一个我们的孩子可以自由地成为 最好的自己的世界， 一个他们不会因自己的长相 而阻碍他们成为自己想要成为的人 或者获得想要的东西的世界。	A world where our kids are free to become the best versions of themselves, where the way they think they look never holds them back from being who they are or achieving what they want in life.
想一下这对你生命中的某个人可能意味着什么。	Think about what this might mean for someone in your life.
还是你的某个朋友？也可能只是今天 跟你隔着几个座位的某个女性。	Your friend? It could just be the woman a couple of seats away from you today.
这将对她意味着什么呢? 如果她能摆脱内心挑剔的声音 唠叨她要有 更长更细的大腿,更瘦的肚子 和更短的脚。	What would it mean for her if she were freed from that voice of her inner critic, nagging her to have longer legs, thinner thighs, smaller stomach, shorter feet?
如果我们能克服这些并打开 她在那方面的潜力，那对她来说又将意味着什么？	What could it mean for her if we overcame this and unlocked her potential in that way?
现在，我们的文化中对形象的痴迷 阻碍了我们所有人。	Right now, our culture's obsession with image is holding us all back.
但是让我们向孩子们展示真相。	But let's show our kids the truth.
让我们向他们表明长相 只是身份的一部分， 而事实是我们爱他们是因为 他们是谁 和他们的所做所为 以及他们给我们的感觉。	Let's show them that the way you look is just one part of your identity and that the truth is we love them for who they are and what they do and how they make us feel.
让我们在学校的课程中设置自尊心科目。	Let's build self-esteem into our school curriculums.
让我们每一个人改变 我们谈论自己和跟他人比较的方式。	Let's each and every one of us change the way we talk and compare ourselves to other people.
让我们作为团体一起努力， 从基层到政府， 以便这些今天一岁大的快乐的孩子 成为 明天自信的变革者。	And let's work together as communities, from grassroots to governments, so that the happy little one-year-olds of today become the confident changemakers of tomorrow.
让我们这样做吧。	Let's do this.
今天我要跟大家讲述 过去30年的建筑史。	Today I'm going to speak to you about the last 30 years of architectural history.
太多东西要在这18分钟内讲述了。	That's a lot to pack into 18 minutes.
这是一个复杂的题目， 那就让我们从这个复杂的地方开始： 新泽西。	It's a complex topic, so we're just going to dive right in at a complex place: New Jersey.
三十年前，我住新泽西 那时我六岁，我住在父母家 小镇名叫Livingston， 这是我儿时的卧室。	Because 30 years ago, I'm from Jersey, and I was six, and I lived there in my parents' house in a town called Livingston, and this was my childhood bedroom.
在我卧室的角落 是我和姐姐共用的洗手间。	Around the corner from my bedroom was the bathroom that I used to share with my sister.
在我的卧室和浴室之间 是一个可以看到客厅的阳台。	And in between my bedroom and the bathroom was a balcony that overlooked the family room.
那是家人聚会，看电视的客厅， 每次我从卧室走去浴室的时候， 每个人都能看到我， 每次我洗完澡 裹着浴巾走回卧室， 每个人都能看到我，	And that's where everyone would hang out and watch TV, so that every time that I walked from my bedroom to the bathroom, everyone would see me, and every time I took a shower and would come back in a towel, everyone would see me.
我看起来是这样。	And I looked like this.
我很尴尬， 没有安全感，我讨厌我的房间。	I was awkward, insecure, and I hated it.
我讨厌那段路，我讨厌那个阳台， 我讨厌那个房间，我讨厌那个房子。	I hated that walk, I hated that balcony, I hated that room, and I hated that house.
那就是建筑。	And that's architecture.
那种感觉，那种情绪， 那就是建筑的力量， 因为建筑并不有关于数学 也不关乎分区规划， 建筑关乎本能， 以及我们对所占有空间的 情感连接。	That feeling, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math and it's not about zoning, it's about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places that we occupy.
也难怪我们有这样的感觉， 美国环境保护局的调查表明， 美国人90%的时间呆在室内。	And it's no surprise that we feel that way, because according to the EPA, Americans spend 90 percent of their time indoors.
也就是说，我们人生中 90%的时间被建筑物围绕着。	That's 90 percent of our time surrounded by architecture.
真的太久了。	That's huge.
建筑在我们不曾意识到的 多个方面形塑我们。	That means that architecture is shaping us in ways that we didn't even realize.
那让我们很容易受骗， 也非常，非常可以预测。	That makes us a little bit gullible and very, very predictable.
当我将这个建筑展示给你的时候， 我知道你在想什么： 你想到"权力" 和 "稳定" 还有"民主"。	It means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you think: You think "power" and "stability" and "democracy."
我知道因为这个建筑 是希腊人于2500年前建造的。	And I know you think that because it's based on a building that was build 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
这是个骗局。	This is a trick.
也就是说，建筑 能够让你创造出那些 我们想通过建筑物表达含义的 情感连结。	This is a trigger that architects use to get you to create an emotional connection to the forms that we build our buildings out of.
这是个可预测的情感连结， 我们使用这个诡计 很多很多年了。	It's a predictable emotional connection, and we've been using this trick for a long, long time.
我们用这个方法 [200] 年前 建造银行。	We used it [200] years ago to build banks.
我们19世纪建造艺术博物馆。	We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
在20世纪的美洲， 我们用它来建筑房屋。	And in the 20th century in America, we used it to build houses.
看着这些坚固的小士兵 面朝大海，挡住这些东西。	And look at these solid, stable little soldiers facing the ocean and keeping away the elements.
这真的非常非常有效， 因为建造东西真的很麻烦。	This is really, really useful, because building things is terrifying.
非常昂贵，耗时，而且很麻烦。	It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
建筑房屋的人 ──发展商和政府── 他们天生就害怕创新， 他们宁可选用这些你已熟知的风格。	And the people that build things -- developers and governments -- they're naturally afraid of innovation, and they'd rather just use those forms that they know you'll respond to.
这就是为什么这样的建筑存在。	That's how we end up with buildings like this.
这是个漂亮的建筑物。	This is a nice building.
但这和现代图书馆的理念不大一样。	But it doesn't have much to do with what a library actually does today.
同一年，2004年， 这个国家的另一端， 另一个图书馆完工了， 就是这样。	That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was completed, and it looks like this.
在西雅图。	It's in Seattle.
这个图书馆关于在数字时代 我们是如何消费媒体的。	This library is about how we consume media in a digital age.
这是城市的一个新型的公众设施， 一个可以聚会，读书和分享生活的地方。	It's about a new kind of public amenity for the city, a place to gather and read and share.
怎么会这样呢 在同一年，同一个国家， 两个建筑物，都是图书馆， 却有着巨大的差别？	So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, look so completely different?
答案就是，建筑风格是摇摆不定的。	And the answer is that architecture works on the principle of a pendulum.
一边是创新， 建筑不断被推进， 加入新的科技元素， 根据我们现代生活所需 新的类型，新的方案。	On the one side is innovation, and architects are constantly pushing, pushing for new technologies, new typologies, new solutions for the way that we live today.
我们穿黑色，我们压力很大， 你认为我们很可爱， 而我们内心已死， 因为别无选择。	We wear all black, we get very depressed, you think we're adorable, we're dead inside because we've got no choice.
我们走向另一端 重新找回那些我们了解到 你们热爱的符号。	We have to go to the other side and reengage those symbols that we know you love.
我们这样做，你们很开心。 我们感受到客满演出， 于是又开始试验 我们将钟摆推来推去， 推来推去 过去的300年里我们这样做， 过去的30年也是如此。	So we do that, and you're happy, we feel like sellouts, so we start experimenting again and we push the pendulum back and back and forth and back and forth we've gone for the last 300 years, and certainly for the last 30 years.
好的，30年前 我们刚走过70年代。	Okay, 30 years ago we were coming out of the '70s.
建筑师们忙着试验某种叫做 粗野主义的艺术。	Architects had been busy experimenting with something called brutalism.
它是关于混凝土的艺术...	It's about concrete.
小窗户，毫无人性的巨大规模。	Small windows, dehumanizing scale.
这些都很艰难。	This is really tough stuff.
然后我们快进入80年代了， 我们开始重拾某些符号。	So as we get closer to the '80s, we start to reengage those symbols.
我们把钟摆推回到另一个方向。	We push the pendulum back into the other direction.
你们热爱这样的建筑形式， 我们就将它们改造升级。	We take these forms that we know you love and we update them.
我们加入霓虹 我们加入柔和的粉蜡色 我们使用新型材料。	We add neon and we add pastels and we use new materials.
人们爱死这样的建筑了。	And you love it.
我们不断地建造。	And we can't give you enough of it.
我们取材自齐本德尔式衣橱 将它们变成摩天大楼， 这些摩天大楼像是 用玻璃制造的中世纪古堡。	We take Chippendale armoires and we turned those into skyscrapers, and skyscrapers can be medieval castles made out of glass.
这些建筑变得更大， 设计更大胆，更色彩丰富。	Forms got big, forms got bold and colorful.
小矮人式的柱子。	Dwarves became columns.
太疯狂了。	It was crazy.
这就是80年代，很酷。	But it's the '80s, it's cool.
这就是后现代。	This is the thing about postmodernism.
这就是符号的意义。	This is the thing about symbols.
简单、便宜， 我们不是建造住所， 而是建造记忆中的住所。	They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of making places, we're making memories of places.
因为我知道， 我想各位也都知道， 这不是意大利托斯卡纳。	Because I know, and I know all of you know, this isn't Tuscany.
这是俄亥俄州。	This is Ohio.
在80年代末，90年代初期， 我们开始试验解构主义。	In the late '80s and early '90s, we start experimenting with something called deconstructivism.
我们找出历史符号， 我们用新的电脑辅助设计技术， 我们推出新的艺术作品， 各种形式撞击在一起。	We throw out historical symbols, we rely on new, computer-aided design techniques, and we come up with new compositions, forms crashing into forms.
这太学术太费脑筋了， 这样的建筑非常不受欢迎， 建筑师们疏远了人群。	This is academic and heady stuff, it's super unpopular, we totally alienate you.
通常来说，钟摆将会摇去另一个方向。	Ordinarily, the pendulum would just swing back into the other direction.
随后，有意思的事情发生了。	And then, something amazing happened.
在1997年，这个建筑投入使用了。	In 1997, this building opened.
这是在西班牙毕尔巴鄂的古根海姆博物馆， 由弗兰克·盖里设计建筑。	This is the Guggenheim Bilbao, by Frank Gehry.
就是这个建筑 颠覆了世界与建筑的关系。	And this building fundamentally changes the world's relationship to architecture.
保罗·戈德伯格说，毕尔巴鄂的 这个建筑很难得地 获得到批评家、学术界人士， 还有普通民众 的一致好评。	Paul Goldberger said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics, academics, and the general public were completely united around a building.
纽约时报称这个建筑为 一个奇迹。	The New York Times called this building a miracle.
在这个建筑完工后， 毕尔巴鄂的游客数量 增长了25倍。	Tourism in Bilbao increased 2,500 percent after this building was completed.
他是第一位明星建筑师。	He is our very first starchitect.
这样的建筑设计怎么会 受到热烈欢迎 -- 它们狂野又激进 -- 全世界范围内怎么会 无所不在呢？	Now, how is it possible that these forms -- they're wild and radical -- how is it possible that they become so ubiquitous throughout the world?
这要归功于媒体成功地包装， 它们很快速地传递了信号： 这建筑形式有文化内涵，而且可以吸引游客。	And it happened because media so successfully galvanized around them that they quickly taught us that these forms mean culture and tourism.
人们与这样的建筑形式 建立了情感联系。	We created an emotional reaction to these forms.
世界上的市长们也是这样想的。	So did every mayor in the world.
所有市长都认为 如果所在城市有这样的建筑， 他们就有文化，有游客。	So every mayor knew that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
这样的现象出现在 进入21世纪的那些年 也捧红了一些其他的明星建筑师。	This phenomenon at the turn of the new millennium happened to a few other starchitects.
想想你是如何消费建筑。	Because think about how you consume architecture.
一千年前， 你需要步行到隔壁村落去看一个建筑。	A thousand years ago, you would have had to have walked to the village next door to see a building.
交通运输业的高速发展： 你可以乘船，你可以搭飞机， 你可以当一名游客。	Transportation speeds up: You can take a boat, you can take a plane, you can be a tourist.
科学技术高速发展： 你可以在报纸上、电视上欣赏建筑， 最终，我们都成为了建筑摄影师， 建筑不再只是实体。	Technology speeds up: You can see it in a newspaper, on TV, until finally, we are all architectural photographers, and the building has become disembodied from the site.
现在，建筑无处不在， 这意味着通讯的速度 终于赶上了建筑发展的速度。	Architecture is everywhere now, and that means that the speed of communication has finally caught up to the speed of architecture.
建筑发展非常迅速。	Because architecture actually moves quite quickly.
观赏评论一个建筑不需要很久。	It doesn't take long to think about a building.
但建成一座建筑却要很长时间， 三到四年， 在这期间，建筑师要设计 2个，8个，或 也许是100个其他建筑， 他们甚至不知道自己4年前 设计的建筑成功与否。	It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and in the interim, an architect will design two or eight or a hundred other buildings before they know if that building that they designed four years ago was a success or not.
因为建筑里没有一个意见反馈处。	That's because there's never been a good feedback loop in architecture.
因此我们最终得到这样的建筑。	That's how we end up with buildings like this.
这样的事再也不会发生了， 我想， 因为我们处在 最伟大的建筑革命的边缘， 这是继发明混凝土， 发明钢铁，或是发明电梯之后的 一次媒体革命。	It's never going to happen again, I think, because we are living on the verge of the greatest revolution in architecture since the invention of concrete, of steel, or of the elevator, and it's a media revolution.
我的理论是，当我们将媒体 与这个钟摆结合之后， 摆动速度加快了， 直到摇摆 同时达到两边的极限， 这高效地模糊了， 创新和传统符号间的不同， 我们建筑师和你们公众间的不同。	So my theory is that when you apply media to this pendulum, it starts swinging faster and faster, until it's at both extremes nearly simultaneously, and that effectively blurs the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
现在我们可以用全新的事物创建 瞬间产生的情绪化的符号。	Now we can make nearly instantaneous, emotionally charged symbols out of something that's brand new.
让我展示这是怎么进行的 这是我的建筑事务所最近完成的项目。	Let me show you how this plays out in a project that my firm recently completed.
我们受雇去重建这座被烧毁的建筑。	We were hired to replace this building, which burned down.
这座建筑位于小镇派恩斯的中心 小镇位于纽约州的火烧岛。	This is the center of a town called the Pines in Fire Island in New York State.
这是一个度假社区。	It's a vacation community.
我们提出了一个创新大胆的设计建议， 和这个社区出现过的任何形式的建筑都不同， 我们担心会吓到客户， 吓到社区的人们， 于是我们制作了一系列逼真的视觉图片， 把它们放到Facebook 和Instagram上， 让人们去 分享、评论、点赞，或是厌恶它。	We proposed a building that was audacious, that was different than any of the forms that the community was used to, and we were scared and our client was scared and the community was scared, so we created a series of photorealistic renderings that we put onto Facebook and we put onto Instagram, and we let people start to do what they do: share it, comment, like it, hate it.
这意味着在建筑完工前两年， 它已经是这个社区的一部分了， 所以当完工的作品和视觉图 看起来一模一样的时候， 就不会带来惊讶之感。	But that meant that two years before the building was complete, it was already a part of the community, so that when the renderings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprises.
这座建筑已经是社区的一个部分， 第一个夏天， 人们来到这里，在社交媒体上分享照片， 这个只想成为建筑物的建筑 变成了媒体， 因为这，这不仅仅是建筑的照片。 它们是你拍摄的建筑相片。	This building was already a part of this community, and then that first summer, when people started arriving and sharing the building on social media, the building ceased to be just an edifice and it became media, because these, these are not just pictures of a building, they're your pictures of a building.
这意味着我们不再需要希腊 来告诉我们建筑的意义。	That means we don't need the Greeks anymore to tell us what to think about architecture.
我们可以分享自己有关建筑的想法， 因为数字媒体不仅改变了 人与人间的关系， 它改变了我们和建筑的关系。	We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't just changed the relationship between all of us, it's changed the relationship between us and buildings.
想象那些在Livingston的图书馆员。	Think for a second about those librarians back in Livingston.
如果今天我们要新建图书馆， 他们得知消息后会做的第一件事就是 上网去搜索"新图书馆"。	If that building was going to be built today, the first thing they would do is go online and search "new libraries."
他们会被建筑范例信息轰炸， 实验性的、创新型的、 尝试打破常规的图书馆建筑样例。	They would be bombarded by examples of experimentation, of innovation, of pushing at the envelope of what a library can be.
这些都是有力的信息冲击。	That's ammunition.
那是人们可以带着的信息冲击， 给Livingston的市长、群众， 然后说，现代图书馆没有既定的模式。	That's ammunition that they can take with them to the mayor of Livingston, to the people of Livingston, and say, there's no one answer to what a library is today.
让我们成为它的一部分。	Let's be a part of this.
丰富的实验过程 给予他们实验的自主性。	This abundance of experimentation gives them the freedom to run their own experiment.
当今一切都不同了。	Everything is different now.
建筑师不再是神奇的生物， 滥用夸张的术语和繁琐的绘图， 你们也不再是倒霉的公众， 客户不再接受那些他们没见过的东西。	Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use big words and complicated drawings, and you aren't the hapless public, the consumer that won't accept anything that they haven't seen anymore.
建筑师能与你沟通， 你不再为建筑感到不适。	Architects can hear you, and you're not intimidated by architecture.
这是建筑史的终点， 它意味着，未来的建筑 会与当今的建筑有很大差别。	This is the end of architectural history, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today.
这意味着，塞维利亚古老城市的 某块公共空地 可以是独特的以现代城市功能 打造的区块。	It means that a public space in the ancient city of Seville can be unique and tailored to the way that a modern city works.
这意味建在布鲁克林的体育场 可以是一个属于布鲁克林风格的体育场， 而不是我们脑中体育场该有的 模仿红砖历史建筑的模样。	It means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be a stadium in Brooklyn, not some red-brick historical pastiche of what we think a stadium ought to be.
这意味着机器人可以去建造房屋， 因为我们已经能够接受机器建造的房屋。	It means that robots are going to build our buildings, because we're finally ready for the forms that they're going to produce.
这还意味着，建筑会为了大自然而改变 而不是大自然为了建筑而改变。	And it means that buildings will twist to the whims of nature instead of the other way around.
这意味着佛罗里达迈阿密海滩的车库， 也可以是一个运动场所 瑜伽会馆 晚上你甚至可以在那里举办结婚。	It means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also be a place for sports and for yoga and you can even get married there late at night.
这意味着，再小的建筑也能创新， 就像这个驯鹿观赏馆 如同它要观察的驯鹿般强健有力。	It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little reindeer pavilion that's as muscly and sinewy as the animals it's designed to observe.
这意味着建筑无需是漂亮的 惹人喜爱的， 就像西班牙这个丑丑的小房子， 建筑师挖了一个洞， 用甘草填充， 注入混凝土， 当混凝土干燥后， 他们邀请某位牛来讲甘草清理干净 所留下的 就是这个丑陋的小屋子 充满建筑它时留下的痕迹和沧桑， 这个建筑成了欣赏西班牙日落 最庄严的地方。	And it means that a building doesn't have to be beautiful to be lovable, like this ugly little building in Spain, where the architects dug a hole, packed it with hay, and then poured concrete around it, and when the concrete dried, they invited someone to come and clean that hay out so that all that's left when it's done is this hideous little room that's filled with the imprints and scratches of how that place was made, and that becomes the most sublime place to watch a Spanish sunset.
因为真的无关紧要， 无论是牛为我们建造的 还是机器人建造的，	Because it doesn't matter if a cow builds our buildings or a robot builds our buildings.
也无关于建筑的过程， 重要的是我们的建造了什么。	It doesn't matter how we build, it matters what we build.
建筑师知道如何建造更加绿色、 更加智能、更加人性化的建筑。	Architects already know how to make buildings that are greener and smarter and friendlier.
我们只是等待人们开始想要这样的建筑。	We've just been waiting for all of you to want them.
最终，我们不再站在对立面。	And finally, we're not on opposite sides anymore.
找一个建筑师、雇一个建筑师， 与我们一起设计更好的建筑、 更好的城市、更好的世界， 因为赌注很高。	Find an architect, hire an architect, work with us to design better buildings, better cities, and a better world, because the stakes are high.
建筑不只反映了我们的社会， 建筑塑造着社会， 从生活中最小的空间： 地方图书馆， 我们养育子女的家， 从卧室走向浴室的那条路。	Buildings don't just reflect our society, they shape our society down to the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we raise our children, and the walk that they take from the bedroom to the bathroom.
谢谢。	Thank you.
