Dominic Raab: Government can't make apologies for Spain quarantine decision	Dominic Raab：政府不能为隔离西班牙的决定道歉
Dominic Raab has defended the Government's decision to re-introduce quarantine measures on Spain at short notice.	针对政府突然做出重新对西班牙实施隔离措施的决定，Dominic Raab 做出了辩解。
Ministers announced on Saturday that holidaymakers who had not returned from Spain and its islands by midnight would be forced to self-isolate for 14 days.	部长们于周六宣布，如果度假者未能在午夜之前从西班牙及其离岛返回，将需要强制自我隔离 14 天。
The country had been on a list of "travel corridor" nations deemed safe to visit by Downing Street, but a recent surge in coronavirus cases has sparked fears of a second wave of the disease.	西班牙一直在唐宁街制定的可以安全旅行的“旅行走廊”名单上，然而，新冠病毒病例近期激增，引发了公众对第二波疫情的担忧。
On Sunday, the Foreign Secretary defended the sudden reimposition of restrictions as a "real-time response" to a worrying spike in infections reported in the region.	周日，针对突然重新实施旅行限制措施，外交大臣做出了辩解，称此举是对该地区报告的感染病例激增做出的“实时反应”。
He said the situation was then assessed yesterday afternoon "and we took the decision as swiftly as we could."	他表示已于前一天下午对局势进行了评估，“我们尽快做出了决定。”
"We can't make apologies for doing so," he added.	他还补充道：“我们不能为此道歉。”
"We must be able to take swift, decisive action, particularly in relation to localised, or internationally in relation to Spain or a particular country, where we see we must take action."	“我们必须有能力采取迅速、果断的行动，特别是在关系到本土或西班牙及特定国家的情况下，我们必须采取行动。”
"Otherwise, we risk re-infection into the UK, potentially a second wave here and then another lockdown."	“否则，英国会再次面临感染风险，引发第二波疫情，然后再次实施封锁。”
Transport secretary among Spain holidaymakers forced to quarantine	运输大臣与前往西班牙的度假者一样面临强制隔离
The decision was made after Spain recorded more than 900 new daily Covid-19 cases for two days running.	在西班牙连续两天报告每日新增新冠病例突破 900 个之后，政府做出了这一决定。
The Foreign Secretary acknowledged that many tourists had been left with no time to cancel or alter their plans.	外交大臣承认，很多游客都来不及取消或更改他们的旅行计划。
"I understand it is disruptive for those going through this who are in Spain or have been considering going but we must be able to take swift, decisive action to protect the UK," he said.	他说：“我知道，对于那些身在西班牙或一直在考虑前往西班牙的人来说，这一决定非常不近人情，但我们必须有能力采取迅速、果断的行动来保护英国。”
"We've made such progress in getting the virus down and preventing the virus re-taking hold in the UK."	“在减少病例数量和防控疫情反扑方面，我们已经取得了不小的成果。”
Shadow Health Secretary Jonathan Ashworth condemned the Government for its "frankly shambolic" handling of the measure.	影子卫生大臣 Jonathan Ashworth 谴责政府的处理方式“毫无章法”。
He said Downing Street's sudden decision had left holidaymakers "confused and distressed."	他表示，唐宁街突然的决定让度假者“既困惑又沮丧”。
The Labour MP told Sophy Ridge: "I understand why they've made the decision but, of course, the way in which this decision has been made in the last 24 hours is frankly shambolic.	这位工党议员告诉 Sophy Ridge：“我理解他们为什么做出这个决定，但是，他们在过去 24 个小时内做出这样一个决定毫无章法。
"There are holidaymakers in Spain at the moment confused and distressed, there are people about to go on holiday to Spain and the islands like Tenerife who are confused, and they don't know whether their employers will allow them to take two weeks" quarantine.	“此时此刻身在西班牙的度假者会感到困惑和沮丧，计划前往西班牙和特内里费等岛屿度假的人也会感到困惑，他们不知道雇主是否能接受他们隔离两周。”
"The Government is just saying, "we hope that employers co-operate.""	“政府只是在说‘我们希望雇主合作。’”
"The way in which this decision has been made in the last 24 hours is frankly shambolic."	“他们在过去 24 个小时内做出这个决定毫无章法。”
What does Spain being on quarantine list mean for holidaymakers?	将西班牙列入隔离名单对度假者而言意味着什么？
He urged ministers to offer "clarity" on whether those who are asked to quarantine will receive financial support if their employers refuse to pay them during the quarantine period.	他敦促部长们进行“澄清”，如果雇主拒绝在隔离期间支付工资，这些被要求隔离的人是否可以得到财政支持。
He added that clear information was also needed "for those holidaymakers who are currently in Spain who have properly saved up all year for their family holiday who are confused and distressed."	他还补充说，“对于那些目前身在西班牙的度假者来说，他们可能为这次家庭旅行攒了整整一年的钱，他们会感到既困惑又沮丧”，因此这些人也需要获得明确的信息。
"The way in which this decision has been communicated is obviously causing anxiety," he stressed.	他强调：“传达这一决定的方式显然引起了焦虑。”
Mr Raab said no worker following the new guidance should be penalised by employers, including by being put onto sick pay.	Raab 先生表示，遵循新指导方针的员工不应受到雇主的处罚，例如列入病假工资名单。
He said: "We are changing the rules - the law is changed in relation to holidaymakers and travellers - and of course we expect employers to show those employees who will have to quarantine because of the law the flexibility they need.	他说：“我们仍在修改规定的内容——涉及修改的内容与度假者和游客相关，当然，我们希望雇主能够灵活地处理那些因为法律要求而被隔离的员工。
"If someone is following the law in relation to quarantine and self-isolating the way they should, they can't have penalties taken against them."	如果是为了遵循有关隔离的法律并进行自我隔离，他们就不应当受到处罚。”
US "failures" are holding back search for coronavirus drugs	美国的“失误”阻碍了新冠药物的研发
The global effort to produce useful anti-Covid medicines is being hampered by the US because researchers are testing drugs in "an arbitrary, willy-nilly way," the expert leading the UK's programme has warned.	一位英国新冠药物研发项目的专家称，由于美国研究人员“随心所欲地”测试药品，影响了全球研发新冠药物的进度。
Britain's Recovery Trial programme, which has involved 12,000 patients at several hundred British hospitals, has already pinpointed one promising new drug to tackle the disease and also highlighted two others - previously thought to be potential life-savers - as being useless.	目前为止，已有 12,000 名来自数百家医院的患者加入了英国康复试验计划，该计划确定了一种可能用于治疗新冠的新药，并指出之前认为的另外两种可以治疗该疾病的药物其实没有效果。
But the failure of the US medical system to match this output has meant that other promising treatments that could have been cleared for widespread use have still to be evaluated.	但是，由于美国医疗体系未实行类似的康复计划，意味着原本可获准并广泛使用的其他有效治疗方式仍有待评估。
In particular, convalescent plasma (blood plasma that is taken from Covid-19 patients and which contains antibodies that could protect others against the disease) has still to be properly tested on a large-scale randomised trial.	需要特别指出的是，恢复期血浆（即取自新冠康复患者的血浆）含有新冠病毒抗体，后续仍需对其进行大规模临床随机试验。
"Tens of thousands of people have already been given convalescent plasma in the US but these treatments were not randomised," said Professor Martin Landray, one of the founders of the Recovery programme.	康复计划的发起人之一、大规模药物临床试验专家 Martin Landray 教授表示：“未经临床随机试验的情况下，美国已经有成千上万的人接受了恢复期血浆治疗。”
"They just give individuals convalescent plasma in the hope it will work. Vast quantities have been given and they still have no idea whether it helps or harms or has no impact," added Landray, an expert in the setting up of large-scale drug trials.	Landray 补充道：“他们只是给个人提供恢复期血浆，但并不知道是否有效。尽管他们已经向大量民众提供了恢复期血浆，但仍不明确该血浆是否有效果、是否对人体有害、是否有副作用。”
The US is failing to do large, randomised trials and that ends up providing bad medicine	美国未进行大规模临床随机试验，最终提供了不良药物
Randomised drug trials are the gold standard for pinpointing useful medicines.	临床随机药物试验是判断药物是否有效的黄金标准。
They remove unconscious biases that might cloud clinicians' judgments.	通过试验，可消除可能影响临床医生判断的无意识偏见。
Thousands of people are given a drug and thousands of others are given a placebo.	在临床随机药物试验中，受试者分为治疗组和安慰剂组。
No one knows which they have been given.	没人知道受试者接受了哪种药剂。
Then results are compared and the efficacy of the treatment revealed.	然后，比较试验结果以得出哪种药剂具有治疗效果。
In this way, Recovery was able to demonstrate that the steroid dexamethasone reduced deaths by a third in Covid-19 patients on ventilators.	通过这种方式，康复计划证明了类固醇地塞米松可将通过呼吸机治疗的新冠患者的死亡率降低三分之一。
It also showed that the much-hyped drug hydroxychloroquine - as well as the combined therapy of the drugs lopinavir and ritonavir - had no effect in saving patients' lives.	计划还表明，大肆宣传的药物羟氯喹以及洛匹那韦和利托那韦的联合疗法对患者无效。
Crucially these trials needed very large numbers of patients and no single hospital has enough for such research.	最重要的是，这些试验需要大量的患者参与，然而没有一家医院有足够的患者供其研究。
Britain has had one key advantage - a centralised National Health Service.	英国的关键优势在于其集中的国家医疗服务体系。
By contrast, the US health service is fragmented and its only success in pointing a possible treatment has been highlighting the usefulness of the highly expensive drug remdesivir for speeding recovery of some Covid-19 patients.	相较而言，美国的医疗服务体系并不完善，其唯一的成果就是指出价格昂贵的瑞德西韦并不能加速新冠患者的康复。
"There are lots and lots of small drugs trials involving a few dozen or a few hundred patients going on in the US but nothing of any substance," added Landray.	Landray 补充道：“在美国，正进行着许多几十名或几百名患者参与的小规模药物试验，但是并未取得实质性成果。
"They are failing to do large, randomised trials and that ends up providing bad medicine. It makes the practice of medicine poorer and the outcomes for patients poorer."	他们并未进行大规模临床随机试验，最终提供了不良药物。这使得医疗效果和患者预后情况都很差。”
Landray said this failure was particularly exasperating when it came to the use of convalescent plasma, which many doctors believe could have a key role to play in treating seriously ill Covid-19 patients.	Landray 表示，很多医生认为恢复期血浆能在针对新冠重症病人的治疗中起到重要作用，但实际情况并非如此。
"If you look at the US, huge quantities of this treatment have been used on an arbitrary willy-nilly basis. The UK excels beyond measure compared with what's going on there," he added.	他补充道：“美国在未经临床随机试验的情况下，向大量患者采取了恢复期血浆疗法。与美国相比，我们取得了巨大成就。”
Professor Peter Horby, an expert on infectious diseases and the other founder of the Recovery programme, said:	另一位康复计划发起人、传染病专家 Peter Horby 教授说：
"There have been reports of 20,000 patients getting convalescent plasma in a cohort but none of those patients were randomised. If they had put these patients into randomised trials, we would now have a clear answer about the effectiveness of convalescent plasma."	“有报道称，一个队列中有 20,000 名患者接受了恢复期血浆治疗，但是他们并不是临床随机试验患者。如果他们也对这些患者进行了临床随机试验，那么我们现在也就能明确知道恢复期血浆的效果。”
Horby added that UK Recovery has now launched a randomised trial of convalescent plasma but does not expect results to be ready until later this year.	Horby 补充道，目前英国康复试验计划已经启动了恢复期血浆的临床随机试验，但预计要到今年年底才会有研究结果。
Salmonella outbreak sickens 212 people in 23 states	23 个州爆发沙门氏菌疫情，已致 212 人感染
July 25 (UPI) -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating an outbreak of salmonella that has sickened 212 people in 23 states.	7 月 25 日（合众国际社）——美国疾病控制与预防中心（CDC）正在对 23 个州爆发的沙门氏菌疫情展开调查，此次疫情已致 212 人感染。
In a Friday press release the CDC reported that 87 people had become ill since its last update on the outbreak Tuesday.	在周五发布的新闻中，CDC 报告称，自上周二更新疫情以来已发现 87 例感染患者。
The agency said people began showing symptoms linked to a strain of salmonella, which can take two to four weeks to manifest symptoms, between June 19 and July 11.	CDC 表示，6 月 19 日至 7 月 11 日开始有人表现出感染沙门氏菌的相关症状（可能需要二到四周的时间才会显现症状）。
Thirty-one people have been hospitalized since the outbreak began, but no fatalities have been reported.	自疫情爆发以来，已有 31 位患者被收治入院，目前尚无死亡报告。
According to the CDC, a specific source for the salmonella strain has not been identified.	CDC 指出，沙门氏菌菌株的具体来源尚不明确。
It has not issued any advisement against eating or consuming particular foods, nor named retailers that might be selling contaminated products.	CDC 没有发布禁食或禁用特定食物的建议，也没有提到任何可能销售受污染商品的零售商。
Oregon has had the most cases of salmonella, with 51 infections, with Utah following close behind with 40 reported cases.	俄勒冈州报告的沙门氏菌病例最多，共有 51 例；犹他州紧随其后，共报告了 40 例。
Salmonella is a bacterial, foodborne illness that causes 1.35 million infections, 26,500 hospitalizations, and 420 deaths each year, according to the CDC.	CDC 表示，沙门氏菌是一种细菌性食源性疾病，每年导致 135 万人感染，26,500 人住院治疗和 420 人死亡。
The most common symptoms of salmonella infection are diarrhea, fever, and stomach cramps, which can begin between six hours and six days after exposure.	感染沙门氏菌后的常见症状包括腹泻、发烧和胃痉挛，这些症状可能在接触病菌后的六小时到六天内开始显现。
The illness usually lasts four to seven days, and most people recover without treatment, but some cases require hospitalization.	病状通常会持续四到七天，大多数人无需治疗即可康复，但某些病例需要住院治疗。
Couple MACED at California dog park for not wearing face masks while having lunch (VIDEO) - RT USA News	加州狗狗公园夫妇被袭，皆因午餐时未戴口罩（视频）——RT 电视台美国新闻
There's mask-shaming and then there's full on assault.	先是口罩羞辱，后有拳打脚踢。
A California couple having lunch with their puppy at a dog park experienced the second, when an irate woman pepper-sprayed them for refusing to mask up... while eating.	加利福尼亚的一对夫妇在狗狗公园与他们的爱犬一起共进午餐时就遇到了这种情况。一位妇女怒冲冲地向他们喷射胡椒喷雾，就因为他们没有在吃东西时戴上口罩。
Ash O'Brien and husband Jarett Kelley say they were grabbing a bite to eat at Dusty Rhodes dog park in San Diego on Thursday, with their three-month-old pug in tow.	Ash O’Brien 和丈夫 Jarett Kelley 称，周四他们带着三个月大的巴哥犬在圣地亚哥的 Dusty Rhodes 狗狗公园吃午餐。
The pair had their masks off to eat, when a "random old lady" approached, calling them "idiots" for not masking up, even though "you can't wear a mask and eat at the same time."	夫妇二人取下口罩准备吃东西时，一个“不知从哪冒出来的老太太”走过来叫他们“白痴”，因为他们没有戴口罩，虽然他们说“戴着口罩怎么吃东西”。
O'Brien told the woman to leave the park and stop harassing her, at which point the woman unleashed a can of mace at the couple.	O’Brien 让这名女子离开公园并停止她的骚扰行为，这时，女子对着两人喷射胡椒喷雾。
Video footage captured by a bystander begins with Kelley wrestling the spray can from the woman, and getting a dose of mace into the face for his troubles.	旁观者拍下的视频从 Kelley 与女子争夺喷雾罐开始，他因此被喷了一脸。
O'Brien can be heard crying in the background as the attacker walks away with her dogs.	袭击者带着狗离开后，背景声里可以听到 O’Brien 哭泣。
O'Brien shared the video on Facebook and told ABC 10 that she wants to see the woman "go to jail."	O’Brien 将这段视频上传到脸书网，并向 ABC 10 频道表示希望这名女子“进监狱”。
Face masks are mandatory across the state of California, even in fresh air.	加州全域强制要求佩戴口罩，即使是在空气新鲜的地方。
These masks can only be removed at a select few times, including when eating or drinking.	人们只能在规定的时段取下口罩，譬如饮食的时候。
However, nowhere in the state's coronavirus guidelines does it say that bystanders may use non-lethal weapons to enforce this policy.	但是，该州的新冠疫情防控指南并没有提及旁观者可以使用非致命性武器来督促这一规定的执行。
Even in the current era of "mask-shaming," that's still a crime carrying a penalty of a fine of $1,000 or up to three years in a state prison.	即使在当前这个“口罩羞辱”时代，这也是一种犯罪，会被处以 1,000 美元罚款或州监狱三年以下刑期。
Flat, Free Education For Indore Egg Seller Paras Raykar Whose Cart Was Overturned Allegedly Over Rs. 100 Bribe	卖鸡蛋的印多尔男孩因拒绝行贿车被掀翻，后获得一套公寓及免费教育100 卢比的贿赂
Paras Raykar's cart carrying eggs was allegedly overturned Thursday by the civic officials in Indore.	据报道，周四，Paras Raykar 装满鸡蛋的小车被印多尔市政官员掀翻。
Two days after the story of a 13-year-old egg seller's cart being overturned by civic officials went viral on social media, the Indore-based boy has found overwhelming support from people across the country, helping them recover from the losses and manage to start their business again.	这名 13 岁男孩卖鸡蛋不成，小车被市政官员掀翻的故事在社交媒体上传播开来，两天后，这名住在印多尔的男孩收到了来自全国各地的支持，帮助他们家挽回损失，重新开始做生意。
The boy's family also claimed that politicians including Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal have reached out to them and offered support.	男孩的家人还说，包括国民大会党党魁 Rahul Gandhi、德里首席部长 Arvind Kejriwal 在内的政客也联系他们并提供帮助。
The boy's family also received a flat and offer to take care of the educational expenses of the children in the family.	男孩的家人还获赠一套公寓，并收到为孩子们承担教育费用的承诺。
Paras Raykar's cart carrying eggs was allegedly overturned Thursday by the civic officials in Indore, where the administration has implemented the "left-right" rule for the staggered opening of shops amid the coronavirus pandemic.	据报道，周四，Paras Raykar 卖鸡蛋的小车被印多尔市政官员掀翻，在疫情肆虐之际，市政府实施了“从左到右”交错开店的措施。
A video in which the boy alleged that the officials had warned him in the morning to remove his cart or pay Rs 100 as bribe had gone viral on social media.	在一段视频里，男孩说，当天上午，官员警告他，如果不支付 100 卢比的贿赂金就把他的小车掀翻，这段视频在社交媒体上迅速传播开来。
When he refused, the officials tipped his cart over, destroying all the eggs, the boy alleged.	男孩说，他拒绝交出 100 卢比后，那些官员就把他的小车掀翻，把所有鸡蛋砸碎。
The boy had also claimed that his daily sale has been down due to the pandemic and the loss of his stock will put additional financial burden on him, in the video.	男孩还在视频里说，受疫情影响，鸡蛋的日均销量都下降了，损失的这些鸡蛋对他来说更是雪上加霜。
Since Thursday, the boy's family has been overwhelmed with support from people across the country, many of them offering help in both cash and kind.	自周四以来，男孩的家人收到了大量来自全国各地的支持，许多人向他们提供了现金或者善意的帮助。
The family has also received help from locals.	当地人也向这家人伸出援手。
While former chief minister Digvijaya Singh has offered financial support and help to get the children admitted in a college, BJP MLA from Indore, Ramesh Mendola, has assured to provide a house under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana to the child.	前首席部长 Digvijaya Singh 对他们进行了资助，并帮助孩子们入读一所学院；人民党议会议员 Ramesh Mendola 也保证将根据 Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 住房计划为男孩一家提供一套公寓。
Indore Press Club has also provided ration and money to the boy.	印多尔记者俱乐部还为男孩提供了口粮和金钱。
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's office and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has also offered help.	国民大会党党魁 Rahul Gandhi 的办公室和德里首席部长 Arvind Kejriwal 也伸出了援手。
"We are overwhelmed by the support from people across the country.	Paras 的爷爷说：“我们获得全国各地很多人的支持。
(BJP MLA) Ramesh Mendola has assured a flat under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.	（人民党议会议员）Ramesh Mendola 保证会根据 Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 住房计划为我们提供一套公寓。
He has also provided a cycle and Rs 2,500.	他提供了一辆自行车和 2,500 卢比的资助。
Digvijaya Singh has provided Rs 10,000 and assurance to look after the education of the two children.	Digvijaya Singh 则资助了 10,000 卢比，还承诺照顾两个孩子的教育。
Rahul Gandhi's office has also called and offered support.	Rahul Gandhi 的工作人员也给我们打电话提供帮助。
A woman from Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal called and offered help.	（代表）德里首席部长 Arvind Kejriwal 的一位女性工作人员也给我们打电话并帮助我们。
Jyothiraditya Scindia has also offered support," Paras's grandfather said.	Jyothiraditya Scindia 也给予了支持，”。
Home Secretary Priti Patel demands explanation from Twitter and Instagram over 'abhorrent' Wiley tweets	内政大臣 Priti Patel 要求 Twitter 和 Instagram 就 Wiley 发布的不妥内容做出解释
Priti Patel has demanded an explanation from Twitter and Instagram over the length of time it took to remove "abhorrent" posts made by Wiley.	由于 Twitter 和 Instagram 未能及时删除 Wiley 发布的不妥内容，Priti Patel 要求两个平台做出解释。
Police are currently investigating a series of antisemitic comments posted on the Grime artist's social media accounts.	警方目前正对这位 Grime 歌手在社交媒体上发布的一系列反犹太言论展开调查。
The Home Secretary tweeted on Sunday: "The antisemitic posts from Wiley are abhorrent.	内政大臣周日发推称：“Wiley 发布的反犹太主义内容极度令人不豫。”
"They should not have been able to remain on Twitter and Instagram for so long and I have asked them for a full explanation.	“Twitter 和 Instagram 没有及时删除这些内容，我已要求他们作出充分的解释。
"Social media companies must act much faster to remove such appalling hatred from their platforms."	社交媒体公司必须更快采取行动，将这些令人震惊的仇恨言论从平台上删除。”
Twitter was accused of "ignoring antisemitism" as Wiley's tweets were still visible 12 hours after they were first posted.	他批评 Twitter “无视反犹太主义”，因为 Wiley 的推文在发布 12 个小时后仍然可见。
A number of tweets have since been removed and the 41-year-old has been issued a seven-day ban by the site.	此后网站删除了多条推文并将这位 41 岁歌手的账号封禁七天。
Twitter previously said Wiley's account had been temporarily locked "for violating our hateful conduct policy," while Facebook said there was "no place for hate speech on Instagram."	Twitter 此前表示，“因为违反了我们的仇恨行为政策”，已暂时关闭 Wiley 的账户，Facebook 则表示 “Instagram 上不允许存在仇恨言论”。
The Metropolitan Police said on Saturday: "The Met takes all reports of antisemitism extremely seriously. The relevant material is being assessed."	周六，大都会警察局称：“大都会警察局极其关注所有关于反犹太主义的报告。我们正在对相关材料进行评估。”
Meanwhile, Wiley's management company, A-List Management, "cut all ties" with the star.	同时，Wiley 的经纪公司 A-List 经纪公司也与这位明星“断绝一切关系”。
The artist's now former manager, John Woolf, who is Jewish, wrote on Twitter: "Following Wiley's antisemitic tweets today we at @A_ListMGMT have cut all ties with him. There is no place in society for antisemitism."	这位歌手的前经纪人 John Woolf 也是犹太人，他在推特上写道：“鉴于 Wiley 今天发布的反犹太内容，我们 @A_ListMGMT 已经与他断绝一切关系。这个社会没有反犹太主义的容身之处。”
He had earlier said he did not support or condone what Wiley posted but that he would speak to him privately and "help educate him."	早些时候，他曾表示既不支持也不纵容 Wiley 的言论，但会私底下进行交流并“教育他”。
However, in a video on Instagram, Wiley appeared to say it was him who had cut ties with his management.	然而，一段 Instagram 视频显示，似乎是 Wiley 与其经纪公司断绝了关系。
Other MPs criticised Twitter for allowing the tweets to remain visible.	其他议员也批评 Twitter 未能及时删贴。
Labour MP Jess Phillips said on Saturday: "Just seen all the Wiley stuff. Why on earth have @Twitter left up such blatant antisemitism and hatred? It hits all the dangerous beats, Jews get things you don't get, they are in control, they think their better... This is dangerous stuff. Surely it should come down."	工党议员 Jess Phillips 于周六表示：“我刚刚看了 Wiley 发布的东西。为什么 @Twitter 让如此明目张胆的反犹太主义和仇恨内容得以保留？它涉及很多危险的观点：犹太人得到了你得不到的东西，他们掌控一切，他们认为自己更优秀，等等。这样的内容很危险，应当予以删除。”
Fellow MP Neil Coyle added: "His management appear able to act quicker than @Twitter emphasising, once again, that legislation (including the Online Harms Bill) should ensure social media platforms are not used to spread hate."	议员 Neil Coyle 补充说：“他的经纪公司似乎比 @Twitter 反应更快，我再重申一下，应当通过立法（包括《在线危害法案》）确保社交媒体平台不会被用来散播仇恨。”
John Mann, the government's independent adviser on antisemitism, said the tweets "demonstrated precisely why the law needs changing to hold them to reasonable account."	政府反犹太主义独立顾问 John Mann 称这些推文“精准地反映了为什么需要对法律做出修改，从而合理地进行责任追究。”
Meanwhile, the Campaign Against Antisemitism asked police to investigate Wiley's content and called on his social media accounts to be shut down "to prevent further outpouring of anti-Jewish venom."	打击反犹太主义运动也要求警方调查 Wiley 的内容并呼吁关闭他的社交媒体帐户，“以防再度喷出反犹太毒液”。
Wiley, known as the Godfather of Grime and whose real name is Richard Cowie, received an MBE for services to music in 2018.	Wiley 本名 Richard Cowie，有 Grime 音乐教父之称，曾因在音乐方面的贡献于 2018 年被授予 MBE 勋章。
Kudlow says next coronavirus stimulus bill will include more checks, extend moratorium on evictions	Kudlow 称下一个新冠救助计划有更多纾困支票并延长暂停驱逐时间
White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow promised on Sunday that the federal government will extend the moratorium on evictions and send out another round of checks as part of the next coronavirus stimulus package.	白宫经济顾问 Larry Kudlow 周日承诺，根据下一个新冠疫情救助计划，联邦政府将延长暂停驱逐的时间，并发放新一轮纾困支票。
Kudlow's comments come after a week where the White House's hoped for payroll tax cuts were shot down by Congress.	Kudlow 作出承诺的前一周，白宫的工资税削减方案才被国会否决。
"There's a $1,200 check coming. That is going to be part of the new package. I would have preferred a payroll tax cut, on top of that check," Kudlow said on CNN's "State of the Union.	“我们还会发放 1,200 美元的纾困支票。这将是新计划的一部分。除了纾困支票，我更希望削减工资税，” Kudlow 在 CNN 的 State of the Union 节目上表示。
"But, be that as it may, politically, it doesn't work."	“即便如此，这在政治上却行不通。”
While no deal has been officially announced, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and White House chief of staff Mark Meadows have been on Capitol Hill recently to discuss the details of a new relief package with congressional leaders.	虽然政府还未公布任何计划，但财政部长 Steve Mnuchin 和白宫办公厅主任 Mark Meadows 最近都在国会与国会领导人们探讨新一揽子救助计划的细节。
On ending the additional $600 in unemployment benefits the federal government was supplying, Kudlow argued that the extra money was hurting small businesses from hiring workers.	在终止联邦政府额外提供的 600 美元失业救济金的问题上，Kudlow 表示，这笔钱不利于小企业雇工。
"We have had a flood of inquiries and phone calls and complaints that small stores and businesses, restaurants can't hire people back," he said.	他说：“我们接到了大量的询问、电话和投诉，称小商店、小企业和小饭馆雇不到人了。”
"They went too far. Maybe last March, it was necessary for that, but, really, there are consequences of people not returning to work."	“这项福利带来了副作用。去年 3 月，我们可能必须提供这项福利，但实际情况是，人们不回去工作会造成一定的后果。”
Mnuchin earlier in the day on "Fox News Sunday" said it a little more bluntly: "I think workers and Americans understand the concept that you shouldn't be paid more to stay home than to work."	当日早些时候，Mnuchin 在《福克斯周日新闻 》节目中说得更直白一些：“我认为，工人和美国人都明白这样一个概念：待在家里的人收入不应该比去工作的人还要多。”
Mnuchin said the new bill will provide additional unemployment benefits, but noted that it will be less than the payments issued under the CARES Act.	Mnuchin 表示，新的救助计划将提供额外的失业救济金，但他也指出，金额会少于根据《冠状病毒援助、救济和经济安全法案》 (CARES Act) 提供的救济金。
He said some workers were collecting more than they earned on the job.	他表示，部分工人获得的救济金比他们的工作收入还要多。
As a result, when businesses were reopening some employees did not have an incentive to return to work.	于是，企业复工后部分雇员就没有动力回去上班了。
The secretary said the Trump administration and Senate Republicans are on the same page with a $1 trillion package, but noted that in the interest of passing a bill quickly, issues that are more difficult to negotiate with Democrats could be held off for another bill.	Mnuchin 表示，Trump 政府和共和党参议员在 1 万亿美元救助计划上的态度是一致的，但他也指出，为了尽快通过这项救助计划，与民主党人谈判比较困难的问题可以先缓一缓，等待另一项政策的出台。
Queen and Adam Lambert: Brian May celebrates Roger Taylor's birthday	皇后乐队和 Adam Lambert：Brian May 为 Roger Taylor 庆祝生日
The Queen legend shares his birthday today with The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger, who is now 77-years-old.	今天，皇后乐队传奇鼓手 Roger Taylor 和滚石乐队灵魂人物、现年 77 岁的 Mick Jagger 一起庆祝生日。
Brian May celebrated his 73rd birthday last weekend on July 19 and thanked fans for the birthday wishes.	7 月 19 日，也就是上周末，Brian May 刚过完 73 岁生日，并感谢粉丝们送上生日祝福。
The rock star wrote next to a snap of him and his wife Anita Dobson: "Birthday dinner for me - created by Anita - we dressed up to stay home !"	身为摇滚巨星的他在与妻子 Anita Dobson 的合影旁边写道：“Anita 为我准备的生日晚餐，即便在家里过生日，我们还是精心打扮了一番！”
Egypt court refers man who murdered three children to psychiatric evaluation	埃及法庭将谋杀三名儿童的男子移送精神医学评估
The South Minya Prosecution's Attorney General Tamer Motea on Sunday sentenced a farmer to four days imprisonment pending investigations into why he murdered his three children while also referring him to a psychiatric committee.	南明亚检署首席检察官 Tamer Motea 周日判处将一名农民收监四天，等待对其谋杀三个孩子的调查得出结论，同时将疑犯移送精神医学评估。
On July 24, 56-year-old Mohamed Ali threw his children Khadiga, four, Mena, eight, and Omar, six, in front of a moving train at the Mallawi Railway Station.	7 月 24 日，56 岁的 Mohamed Ali 在马拉维火车站将他的三个孩子——4 岁的 Khadiga、8 岁的 Mena 和 6 岁的 Omar 扔到了行驶的列车前方。
Ali was found to be babbling incoherently during investigations, leading to suspicion he was suffering a mental breakdown.	在案件调查期间，Ali 有胡言乱语的表现，因此被疑精神崩溃。
His wife denied she had suffered any problems with him and attributed his behavior to psychological issues.	Ali 的妻子否认他此前出现过任何问题，并将他的行为归咎于心理因素。
Villagers from Massart Mallawi refrained from speaking about the incident, offering only their condolences to the children's family.	Massart Mallawi 村的居民不愿就此事件发表言论，仅向孩子们的家人表示慰问。
Roughly 93 percent of Egyptian children aged one to 14 years old suffer from violence, said Khalid Darwish, advisor to the National Council for Childhood and Motherhood back in October.	国家妇女儿童委员会顾问 Khalid Darwish 在十月说过，约有 93% 的 1 到 14 岁埃及儿童遭受过暴力侵害。
Prosecution is one of the most important pillars in eliminating child abuse, he added, stressing the importance of cooperation between the council and Public Prosecution in this regard.	他还补充道，起诉是消除儿童虐待最主要的手段之一，强调了委员会与公诉机关在这方面务必要加强合作。
According to a study prepared by the National Council for Childhood and Motherhood, children are subjected to violence in places that are supposed to be safe, such as home, school or clubs, and exposed to violence from people who are supposed to care for them, such as parents or teachers.	国家妇女儿童委员会的一项研究发现，即便是在家庭、学校或社团这种本应相当安全的地方，儿童也可能遭受暴力侵害，加害者包括本应照顾他们的人——例如父母或老师。
AP blasts White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany for "political" briefings - but reporters keep asking political questions - RT USA News	美联社批评白宫新闻秘书 Kayleigh McEnany 的“政治性”简报，但记者不断提问政治问题——RT 电视台美国新闻
The Associated Press has accused White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany of worrying the media by making her briefings political rather than informational -- apparently forgetting that reporters choose the questions.	美联社指责白宫新闻秘书 Kayleigh McEnany 使得新闻发布会的政治性多过新闻性，令媒体感到担忧，却显然忘记了是记者选择的这些问题。
An article Saturday by the AP, the largest US news agency, said White House press briefings may be a "broken tradition," as McEnany has made them "a streamlined, full-throated advertisement for a president facing re-election, a venue for attacks on the media and a forum relatively light on information" about what the government is doing.	美国最大的新闻机构美联社周六发表文章称，白宫新闻发布会可能“打破了传统”，因为 McEnany 将新闻发布会变成了“为争取总统连任进行简短高调的宣传和攻击媒体的场所”，而关于政府所作所为的“信息相对匮乏”。
The last of those assertions is indisputable, as hardly any new information is revealed at the briefings.	最后一个评价无可厚非，因为发布会上几乎没有披露任何新信息。
What the AP failed to mention is that hardly any new information is actually sought at the briefings.	美联社没有提到的是，几乎没有人在发布会上询问任何新消息。
Reporters frequently use White House pressers to draw attention to themselves, an art form perfected by CNN's Jim Acosta.	记者们经常利用白宫新闻官来让自己被注意到，CNN 的 Jim Acosta 将这一手段发挥到了极致。
They go beyond the typical adversarial media-administration relationship, repeating each other in asking gotcha questions aimed only at impugning President Donald Trump.	他们超越了媒体与政府之间常见的对抗关系，会互相重复地问一些有陷阱得问题，为的只是质疑 Donald Trump 总统。
In some cases, they make themselves the news, such as when CBS News reporter Weijia Jiang responded to an "ask China" retort from Trump by making a not-so-subtle hint at racism: "Sir, why are you saying that to me specifically?"	在某些场合，他们会让自己成为新闻，比方说，哥伦比亚广播公司新闻记者 Weijia Jiang 在回应 Trump 反驳的“去问中国”时就做出了不那么微妙的暗示：“先生，为什么您特别对我说这番话？”
A July 6 briefing offered a prime example of the disconnect over how the briefings have ceased to be a source of meaningful information for Americans.	7 月 6 日的发布会就是一个很好的例子，体现出它不再是美国民众获取有效信息的来源。
Trump tweeted that morning that NASCAR's television ratings had been hurt by a false allegation of a hate crime against driver Bubba Wallace and by its decision to ban display of the Confederate flag at its events.	当天早上，Trump 发推文称 NASCAR 收视率下降是因为对车手 Bubba Wallace 所谓的仇恨犯罪做了虚假报道并决定禁止在赛事中展示邦联旗帜。
Predictably, most of the questions were about the tweet as reporter after reporter asked McEnany questions designed to prompt her to say that Trump supports the Confederate flag.	跟预料的一样，记者们一个接一个地向 McEnany 提问与这条推文相关的问题，想让她亲口承认 Trump 支持邦联旗帜。
McEnany didn't provide the answer reporters wanted - a sound bite that would hurt Trump - but she repeatedly responded by saying the president wasn't taking a position on the Confederate flag and that the gist of his message was that NASCAR fans were wrongly being portrayed as being racist.	McEnany 并没有让记者得逞，那样说会有损 Trump 的利益，但她一再回应表示总统在邦联旗帜方面没有立场，他的推文主旨是 NASCAR 车迷被错误地描绘成了种族主义者。
The AP said she sounded "exasperated" during the briefing.	美联社称她在发布会的过程中听起来“恼羞成怒”。
The AP's story echoed a Washington Post op-ed column earlier this month by ABC News reporter Jonathan Karl, who also is president of the White House Correspondents Association.	美联社的故事与本月早些时候美国广播公司新闻记者 Jonathan Karl 发表于《华盛顿邮报》的专栏文章交相呼应，他也是白宫通讯员协会主席。
Karl argued, "denying reality and using the White House podium for purely political purposes is a violation of public trust."	Karl 说：“否认现实并且把白宫讲台用于纯粹的政治目的有违公众信任。”
Yet McEnany's quick wit and combative style have made her a hero of some Trump supporters, since she gave her first briefing on May 1 after taking over as press secretary in April.	McEnany 于四月接任新闻秘书，并在 5 月 1 日主持了她的首场发布会，她的机智和好斗作风让一部分 Trump 支持者将她视为英雄。
The pressers had been absent for more than a year before her appointment.	在她被任命之前，新闻官这个职位已经空缺了一年多。
Like other aspects of political life in Washington, the White House press secretary's relationship with the media has changed dramatically in the Trump era.	与华盛顿政治生活的其他方面一样，Trump 时代的白宫新闻秘书与媒体之间的关系也发生了巨大变化。
That change has come from both sides and predated McEnany's arrival.	这种变化来自双方，在 McEnany 到来之前就已经发生。
A roast of former press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders by comedian Michelle Wolf at the White House Correspondents" dinner in April 2018 was so vicious that even MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski called it "deplorable."	在 2018 年 4 月举行的白宫通讯员晚宴上，喜剧演员 Michelle Wolf 对前新闻秘书 Sarah Huckabee Sanders 发出了恶毒拷问，就连 MSNBC 主持人 Mika Brzezinski 也称之“令人震惊”。
AP White House reporter Jill Colvin greeted McEnany at her first briefing by asking, "Will you pledge never to lie to us from that podium?"	美联社白宫记者 Jill Colvin 在 McEnany 的首场发布会上问她：“你能否承诺绝不会在那个讲台上对我们撒谎？”
Fox News political analyst Brit Hume, a veteran of more than 50 years in journalism who had a 1989-1996 stint as ABC's chief White House correspondent, said reporters today display "aggressive behavior" in the briefing room because of their contempt for Trump.	福克斯新闻频道政治分析师 Brit Hume 是一位拥有 50 多年经验的资深新闻人士，曾在 1989 至 1996 年间担任美国广播公司（ABC）首席白宫通讯员，他说，现如今的记者在新闻发布会上表现出“攻击性行为”是因为他们看不起 Trump。
It is because of their anti-Trump focus, he said this week on Fox's Tucker Carlson Tonight program, journalists are neglecting to gather policy news.	他在福克斯电视台本周的《Tucker Carlson Tonight》节目中说，这是因为记者们的重心是与 Trump 唱反调，忽略了政策新闻的收集。
"It's not just a gotcha game," Hume said of the intended purpose of the pressers.	“这不只是一场猫捉老鼠的游戏，” Hume 在谈到媒体人的预期目的时表示，
"It's not just an attempt to embarrass a public official. It's to extract information.	“我们的目的不仅仅是让政府官员下不来台，而是要获得信息。”
Courthouse set on fire during protest in California	加利福尼亚示威者焚烧法院
OAKLAND, Ca. -- Protesters in California set fire to a courthouse, damaged a police station and assaulted officers after a peaceful demonstration intensified late Saturday, Oakland police said.	奥克兰（加利福尼亚）——奥克兰警方称，周六晚些时候，加利福尼亚和平示威活动演变为冲突事件。示威者向法院纵火，打砸警局并袭击多名警官。
Demonstrators broke windows, spray painted graffiti, shot fireworks and pointed lasers at officers, the Oakland department said on Twitter.	奥克兰相关部门在推特上称，示威者损毁窗户，喷洒涂鸦，并对警务人员发射烟火和使用激光器。
Several tweets called for peace and asked organizers to "help us provide safe spaces and safe places for demonstrators."	一些人则在推特上呼吁和平，这些推文中写道：请求组织者“帮助我们为示威人群提供安全的空间和地点”。
The protest began earlier Saturday evening with groups such as the "Wall of Moms," similar to a group that formed in Portland, Oregon, as protesters faced off with U.S. agents deployed to that city to guard a federal courthouse.	示威活动于周六晚开始，参与示威的组织包括“妈妈之墙”（与俄勒冈州波特兰市的相关组织类似）等组织。与此同时，示威人群与部署在联邦法院负责安保工作的警务人员发生对峙。
President Donald Trump had sent the federal agents to clamp down on protests that have occurred nightly since the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis on May 25.	自从 5 月 25 日明尼阿波里斯市的 George Floyd 事件发生后，总统 Donald Trump 便派遣联邦警察每晚对示威活动进行压制。
The protest in Oakland began peacefully, but turned violent later into the night.	起初，示威人群在奥克兰进行和平示威，但在晚间演变为暴力冲突。
An "unlawful assembly" was declared by police around 11:30 p.m. and officers asked the crowd to disperse.	晚上 11:30 左右，警方宣布此次示威为“非法集会”，并要求示威人群解散。
The fire broke out at the Alameda County Superior Courthouse and was contained a short time later, news outlets reported.	据新闻媒体报道，阿拉米达县高等法院发生纵火事件，但火势在短时间内得到了控制。
Police said protesters at one point were "breaking windows and chanting racial slurs at residents."	警方称，示威者一度“砸碎玻璃并对居民进行带有种族歧视的谩骂”。
Photos tweeted by the department showed broken glass and paint splattered at a police building.	相关部门在推特上发布的照片中，警局大楼的玻璃被砸碎，墙上也布满了涂鸦。
Senior UN official skips Pakistan visit, citing flight issue	联合国高级官员因航班原因取消对巴基斯坦的访问
ISLAMABAD (AP) - The incoming president of the United Nations General Assembly announced Sunday that he was postponing a scheduled visit to Pakistan "due to some technical flight problems."	伊斯兰堡（美联社）——即将履新的联合国大会主席于周日宣布，“由于航班发生技术故障”，推迟了原定对巴基斯坦的访问。
Turkish diplomat Volkan Bozkir was elected president of the 75th session of the United Nations General Assembly last month and was scheduled to arrive in Islamabad on Sunday.	上个月，土耳其外交官 Volkan Bozkir 成功当选联合国大会第 75 届会议主席，原定于周日抵达伊斯兰堡。
But in a Twitter post, he said the visit to Pakistan's capital would have to wait.	然而，他发布推文称，访问巴基斯坦首都的计划不得不延后。
Pakistan's foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi tweeted in response to Bozkir that "I look forward to welcoming you to Pakistan soon for a constructive and fruitful visit."	巴基斯坦外交部长 Shah Mahmood Qureshi 发布推文回应 Bozkir，表示“热忱欢迎您尽快到访巴基斯坦，进行富有建设性和成果的访问。”
A day earlier, a jubilant Qureshi, while announcing the visit, had hoped he would discuss a range of issues with Bozkir, including Kashmir, which is split between Pakistan and neighboring India and claimed by both in its entirety.	就在一天前，Qureshi 兴高采烈地发布了此次访问的消息，表示希望与 Bozkir 就克什米尔等一系列问题展开讨论，克什米尔地处巴基斯坦和邻国印度之间，两国均宣称对克什米尔全境拥有主权。
Pakistan and India have fought two of their three wars over the disputed region since gaining independence from British rule in 1947.	自 1947 年脱离英国统治实现独立以来，巴基斯坦和印度之间发生过三场战争，其中两场均涉及该争议地区。
The two sides often exchange fire in Kashmir, causing troops and civilian casualties on both sides.	双方频繁在克什米尔交火，造成军队和平民伤亡。
Pakistan wants the United Nations to play its role in resolving the issue of Kashmir under its resolutions by allowing people living in the Himalayan region to decide whether they want to merge with India, with Pakistan or whether they prefer independence.	巴基斯坦希望联合国通过决议，允许居住在喜马拉雅地区的人决定是与印度或巴基斯坦合并还是独立，从而推动克什米尔问题的解决。
Paul Pogba drops hint over his future after Man Utd seal Champions League spot	曼联拿到欧冠入场券，Paul Pogba 暗示继续留在球队
Manchester United star Paul Pogba has suggested he will stay at the club this summer after the Red Devils sealed a place in the top four.	在红魔锁定四强席位之后，曼联球星 Paul Pogba 暗示今年夏天会继续留在球队。
A 2-0 win against Leicester meant United finished in third, ahead of Frank Lampard's Chelsea.	2:0 拿下莱斯特城意味着曼联最终排名第三，领先于 Frank Lampard 执鞭的切尔西队。
United were 14 points off Leicester just 12 matches ago but a sensational run of form saw the Red Devils finish in the top four.	在 12 场比赛前，莱斯特城仍领先曼联 14 分，然而红魔一路高歌猛进闯入四强。
Pogba had been expected to leave the club this summer after twice requesting to leave in the last two years.	过去两年中 Pogba 曾两次要求离队，因此球迷预测 Pogba 会在今年夏天离开球队。
However, the pandemic means few clubs will be spending big this summer and there's not a buyer available that could combine a transfer fee and Pogba's salary to entice him away from Old Trafford.	然而，疫情来袭意味着很少有球队会在今年夏天大量花钱，此外没有买家能够同时负担得起转会费和吸引 Pogba 离开老特拉福德的薪资。
That clarification has helped Pogba in recent weeks as his performances, as well as his body language, have improved.	做出这样的说明在过去几周对 Pogba 颇有帮助，他的表现和肢体语言都有改善。
And the Frenchman has dropped the latest hint that he's set to stay at the club by posting on his Instagram after his side's 2-0 win.	在球队以 2:0 获胜后，这位法国球员在 Instagram 上发贴，暗示他将留在球队。
While Pogba may have been simply celebrating the club's return to the competition, many fans are interpreting it as a strong suggestion that he'll still be at the club as they compete with Europe's best again.	尽管 Pogba 可能只是在庆祝球队重获欧冠资格，但许多球迷理解为他在强烈地暗示自己会继续留在球队与欧洲顶尖球员一决高下。
Pogba has a year to run on his existing deal, though the club can extend that by 12 months meaning he effectively has two years to run.	Pogba 目前的合同还剩下一年，但球队可以续约一年，也就是说他实际上还要服务两年。
United are keen on extending Pogba's deal and they want clarity over his situation before next season.	曼联渴望延长 Pogba 的合同，希望在下个赛季之前明确他的情况。
Pogba, for his part, feels comfortable at the club and has been buoyed by the arrival of Bruno Fernandes.	对 Pogba 而言，他在球队呆得很舒服，Bruno Fernandes 的加盟更让他如虎添翼。
The Portuguese playmaker has been a revelation at Old Trafford and his arrival has allowed Pogba to play in a deeper central midfield position, which has also improved his mood.	这位葡萄牙中场成为了老特拉福德的核心，他的到来使得 Pogba 能够长驱直入更深的中场位置，也改善了他的情绪。
Watford relegated from Premier League as Aubameyang fires Arsenal win	Aubameyang 助力阿森纳送沃特福德英超降级
Some of Watford's players sank to their knees; others made for the tunnel without a moment's delay.	沃特福德一些球员跪倒在地，还有一些则头也不回地离开了赛场。
The whistle had just blown on their five years in the Premier League and nobody could say that, when the occasion demanded them to hurl the kitchen sink at Arsenal, they went down without a fight.	沃特福德重返英超第五年的哨声才刚刚吹响，但没有人能说，在需要沃特福德全力追击阿森纳之际，沃特福德不战而降。
This was a performance full of the crispness, urgency and aggression that have hallmarked their best work over the last half-decade but it came too late, as did the fightback that almost completely overhauled a three-goal deficit on the day.	实际上，这是沃特福德五年来最为斗志昂扬、势如破竹的一场比赛，在落后 3 分的情况下，沃特福德差点逆转战局，最终不敌阿森纳。
Had Emiliano Martínez not brilliantly saved Danny Welbeck's backheel 16 minutes from time, shortly after his former teammate had tapped in to put Watford within two goals of safety, there is every chance they could have completed a comeback for the ages.	比赛结束前 16 分钟，Danny Welbeck 后脚跟推射，门将 Emiliano Martínez 将球扑出，若非如此，Welbeck 将为沃特福德拿下第三分，追平阿森纳，守住英超席位。
In the end they fell short and their caretaker manager, Hayden Mullins, might reflect that he would have never been handed this most thankless of tasks if his team had shown comparable application previously.	但最终沃特福德未能如愿，其看守主教练 Hayden Mullins 表示，如果之前的状态都像这场比赛一样，他也不必如此劳神费力。
Across the season they have not been good enough, but then nor has the organisation that employs them.	整个赛季，沃特福德都萎靡不振，老板 Pozzo 对球队的管理也是混乱不堪。
One poor campaign may not wreck an empire, but nor do the foundations put in place by the Pozzo family offer any kind of guarantee they will sail straight back up from the second tier.	一场失败的战役可能无法摧毁一个帝国，但 Pozzo 家族却无法为沃特福德奠定可确保其再次回归英超的基石。
It is hard to escape the sense that Watford's habit of flipping managers has run out of road.	沃特福德频繁换帅已经成为了无法逃脱的命运。
Their next permanent - perhaps in the loosest sense of - appointment will be the 12th in eight years and there is only so much fresh air a new broom can sweep in.	粗略算来，下次换帅将是八年来的第 12 次，但换帅能注入的新鲜血液却十分有限。
Troy Deeney faces up to relegation despite getting on the scoresheet at the Emirates.	队长 Troy Deeney 面临随队降级，虽然他还能参加阿联酋超级联赛。
Players will depart, Ismaïla Sarr showing again here that it should be inconceivable he will be playing Championship football in September, and a steady hand should be a priority.	某些球员也可能选择离开，例如攻击手 Ismaïla Sarr 就再一次表示，9 月打英冠简直难以置信，但保存实力是现阶段的首要任务。
There was nothing stable about the boom-or-bust fare in an encounter Mikel Arteta described as "a bit of a basketball game," although it certainly made for fine entertainment.	阿森纳主教练 Mikel Arteta 表示，两军相交胜率难料，这让比赛更加精彩。
Arteta said afterwards Watford's forwards had been "cheating," although he quickly clarified that as a football term for "gambling, staying up front."	Arteta 还表示，沃特福德的前锋一直在“作弊”，很快又改口为足球术语“力图保级”。
They certainly needed to: any suggestion a battling point might eventually suffice was quickly scotched and they might wonder how things would have transpired if they had not been obliged to play catch-up.	阿森纳这么说其实也无可厚非，阿森纳比分领先，沃特福德必须步步紧逼追回比分。
Instead they conceded a penalty almost immediately.	沃特福德开场就丢了一个点球。
Craig Dawson had bundled carelessly into Alexandre Lacazette within 40 seconds but it took VAR almost three minutes to be confident of awarding the spot kick, which Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang dispatched unfussily.	开场 40 秒，Craig Dawson 意外撞倒 Alexandre Lacazette，经 VAR 长达约 3 分钟的核实后判罚点球，Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang 主罚点球命中。
Watford gathered themselves to press relentlessly, with Sarr in electric form on the right, and came close through Roberto Pereyra and Troy Deeney.	沃特福德全力紧逼，Sarr 快速反击右侧得球，Roberto Pereyra和 Troy Deeney 保驾护航，逼近球门。
But then Aubameyang teed up Kieran Tierney for a deflected second and, at the first drinks break, the game had been so oddly skewed that Arteta was the manager tearing a strip off his players despite Arsenal's advantage.	但之后 Aubameyang 得球，回敲给 Kieran Tierney，在第一次中场休息时，战局焦灼，尽管阿森纳大比分领先，Arteta 依然批评了球员。
Aubameyang then controlled Tierney's long throw and converted a masterful overhead kick that left him one goal short of the golden boot, an award he would have shared with Jamie Vardy if Ben Foster had not blocked one last chance near the end.	Tierney 大力手抛球，Aubameyang 控球，随后倒勾将球打入，此时，Aubameyang 离金靴奖仅一球之隔，若非 Ben Foster 在比赛快结束时拦截了最后一球，Aubameyang 本可跟 Jamie Vardy 同享金靴殊荣。
Watford appeared done for but they persevered and, after David Luiz had produced another rash penalty-area challenge for the album on Welbeck, Deeney rammed in his own penalty before the break.	此时，沃特福德已然精疲力尽但仍不屈不挠地发起进攻，David Luiz 禁区犯规，沃特福德获得点球机会，Deeney 在中场休息前主罚命中。
Deeney, walking wounded for most of the season, hauled himself around the pitch and was in gladiator mode throughout.	整个赛季 Deeney 都是带伤上场，在球场上艰难前行，犹如一个角斗士。
He would probably have gobbled up the chance Adam Masina missed early in the second period and further openings were spurned, too.	他抓住了 Adam Masina 在第二阶段早期错过的机会，也拒绝因伤缺席。
Welbeck was thwarted for a first time by the excellent Martínez, who Arteta confirmed will start Saturday's FA Cup final, and then had the entire Watford contingent pitchside on their feet upon converting a fizzing cross from Sarr.	比赛之初，经 Arteta 确认将参加足总杯决赛的门将 Martínez 大挫沃特福德，Sarr 低平球横敲门前扭转战况，沃特福德得球。
But Watford's prospects faded when his next effort was repelled and the soul-searching, from top to bottom, will need to be extensive.	在 Sarr 再次进攻被截后，沃特福德遗憾败北，沃特福德全体人员需要进行深刻反省。
Famously clear Lake Tahoe has been polluted by climate change	以清澈闻名的太浩湖，遭受气候变化污染
South Lake Tahoe, California - Despite the pandemic, even on a weekday, people still crowd Pope Beach at Lake Tahoe.	加利福尼亚南太浩湖——虽然疫情阴影犹在，但即便是工作日，太浩湖的教皇沙滩依然人满为患。
"I like camping and having a bike ride and going swimming at the Lake," said one girl named Dakota.	一位名叫 Dakota 的女孩说：“我喜欢在湖边露营和骑行，也喜欢在湖中游泳。”
"This is something beautiful everybody wants to visit," said Emerica Benitas.	Emerica Benitas 说：“这里太美了，吸引了大家前来参观。”
Which is why Matt Meunier's dive business is still going strong, even in a pandemic.	正因为如此，即时在疫情期间，Matt Meunier 的潜水业务仍然做得风生水起。
He says he sees "exceptional clarity. Lake Tahoe is the cleanest, most wonderful lake, I think, in the country."	他说他眼里的湖清澈见底：“我认为太浩湖是国内最干净、最梦幻的湖。”
Now the bad news: Lake Tahoe's not as clean, not as clear, as it used to be when he moved here over two decades ago.	然而，现在的情况是，太浩湖不如二十多年前他搬到这里时那般纯净、清澈。
"The thing that we're noticing more and more is down on the rocks," Meunier said.	Meunier 说：“我们越来越频繁地看到湖底的岩石发生变化。
"You're getting this strange algae on the rocks."	岩石上长出了这种奇怪的藻类。”
Climate change, scientists believe, has affected the water temperature and thus, the clarity.	科学家们认为，气候变化影响到了水温，导致湖水的清澈度不如从前。
And 15 million people visit the lake annually - along with the garbage they leave.	每年有 1,500 万游客到太浩湖游玩，同时也留下许多垃圾。
Meunier said dive trips to clean up the bottom of the lake found old trash.	Meunier 说，在对湖底进行潜水清理的过程中发现了不少从前遗留的垃圾。
"And when I say old trash, I mean '60s, '70s," Meunier said.	“我说的从前指的是上世纪 6、70 年代，” Meunier 说，
"Beer cans, soda cans, church key cans from the old days."	“湖底有过去的啤酒罐、汽水罐还有教堂钥匙罐。”
Scientists monitor the clarity of Lake Tahoe every year by dropping a white disc, then measuring how far down they can see it.	科学家们每年都会对太浩湖的清澈度进行监测，他们采取的方法是将一个白色圆盘沉入湖水中，然后测量能看得见圆盘的湖水深度。
UC Davis professor Geoff Schladow said it's an "important indicator of how healthy the lake is."	加州大学戴维斯分校的 Geoff Schladow 教授表示，这是“反映湖水健康程度的重要指标”。
When it was measured last year, the clarity of the lake was about 80 feet.	去年的测量结果显示，湖水的清澈度大约为 80 英尺。
That means you can see that disc 80 feet down.	也就是说，我们能够看到深入水下 80 英尺的圆盘。
But, consider this, about 20 years ago, the clarity of lake was 100 feet.	然而，大约在 20 年前，湖水的清澈度是 100 英尺。
That's the trend scientists are trying to reverse.	科学家们试图扭转这一趋势。
But they're fighting the impacts of climate change, development around the lake and something added to the lake in the 1960's: A tiny invasive shrimp brought in to feed the fish.	他们努力应对各种影响：气候变化、湖区的发展以及上世纪 60 年代扔到湖中的垃圾。他们采取的方法是引入一种细小的入侵虾来喂鱼。
It didn't work.	这种方法并没有奏效。
"Once the shrimp came in, there were suddenly no natural cleaners in the lake," Schladow said.	Schladow 说：“引入了小虾之后，湖中的自然清洁工突然都消失了。”
Similar challenges are facing lakes and bodies of water around the world.	世界各地的湖泊和水体都面临类似的问题。
"The lesson here is, if you can't do it at Tahoe, then what hope is there for all the rivers and estuaries, streams and lakes around the country that are never going to have the same degree of attention, the same level of resources?" Schladow said.	“我们得到的教训是，如果这种方法不能在太浩湖奏效的话，国内那么多绝对不会有如此高的关注度和如此多资源的河流、河口、溪流和湖泊该怎么办？” Schladow 说。
Meunier said he is "hopeful" because "if there's a silver lining of our pandemic, I think it showed that nature will come back and heal itself if we just relieved that pressure, that human pressure, off of it and allow it to happen.  There's facts there now."	Meunier 表示他“抱有希望”，因为“我想疫情带来的一线希望就是，大自然具有恢复和自愈的能力，而我们只要减轻压力，减轻人类造成的压力，让它自己复原就好了。 现在的事实就是这样。”
QB Herbert among 4 draft picks signed by Chargers	电光队签下四分卫 Herbert 及其他三名新秀
COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) - The Los Angeles Chargers have signed four of their draft picks, including quarterback Justin Herbert, and have agreed to terms with the other two members of their draft class.	加州科斯塔梅萨（美联社）——洛杉矶电光队签下四分卫 Justin Herbert 等四名新秀，并与获选名单中的其他两名球员达成协议。
The Chargers were able to get contracts done with their draft class on Saturday when they reported to training camp for physicals and equipment.	球员们于周六前往训练营报道进行体检并领取装备，电光队在同日与新秀们签订合同。
Along with Herbert, who was selected with the sixth overall pick, the team announced the signings of wide receivers Joe Reed (fifth round) and KJ Hill (seventh round) along with sixth-round safety Alohi Gilman.	Herbert 以第六顺位被选中，同期签约的还有外接手 Joe Reed（第五轮）、KJ Hill（第七轮）和安全卫 Alohi Gilman（第六轮）。
They have agreed to terms with first-round linebacker Kenneth Murray Jr. and running back Joshua Kelley, who was selected in the fourth round.	球队与第一轮入选的后卫 Kenneth Murray Jr. 以及第四轮入选的跑卫 Joshua Kelley 达成了协议。
Herbert started 42 games at Oregon, compiling a 29-13 record with 10,541 passing yards and 108 total touchdowns.	Herbert 在俄勒冈队首发出战 42 场，凭借 10,541 码传球距离和总共 108 次触地得分斩获 29:13 的战绩。
He led the Ducks to the Pac-12 championship last season, throwing 32 touchdowns and six interceptions in 14 games.	上赛季他带领鸭队摘得帕克十二联盟桂冠，在 14 场比赛中奉献 32 次触地得分，完成 6 次拦截。
He capped his career with a win over Wisconsin in the Rose Bowl, where he ran for three touchdowns and was named the offensive MVP.	他在玫瑰碗球场战胜了威斯康星队，跑出触地得分三次并被提名进攻型 MVP，打出职业生涯最佳成绩。
Herbert will compete with veteran Tyrod Taylor for the starting job.	Herbert 将与久经沙场的 Tyrod Taylor 竞争首发位置。
The Chargers will have a new quarterback after Philip Rivers departed via free agency after 14 seasons as the starter.	在效力 14 个赛季之后，首发球员 Philip Rivers 以自由球员身份离开，电光队将迎来一名新四分卫。
Murray was the 23rd overall pick after Los Angeles traded with New England to move back into the first round.	洛杉矶队与新英格兰队达成交易回到第一轮，Murray 以第 23 顺位被选中。
He was a third-team Associated Press All-America selection selection last season after leading the Sooners with 102 tackles, including 69 solo.	他带领捷足者队打出过 102 次擒抱（含 69 次单人擒抱），成功入选上赛季美联社第三阵容。
Barcelona 'have whole side to sell' this summer as Coutinho, Dembele, Rakitic and Vidal all listed for transfers	多名球星列入转会名单，巴塞罗那今夏“全盘待价而沽”
BARCELONA will be known as a selling club this summer, according to reports.	据报道，巴塞罗那球队今年夏天会被称为销售俱乐部。
No fewer than 12 first team stars have been transfer-listed by the La Liga giants, claim Marca.	《马卡报》称，这支西甲豪门队伍已将至少 12 名一线球星列入转会名单。
Philippe Coutinho has been reportedly transfer-listed by Barcelona	Philippe Coutinho 名列巴塞罗那转会名单
And those include Premier League targets Philippe Coutinho, Ousmane Dembele, Ivan Rakitic and Samuel Umtiti.	名单还包括英超联赛目标球员 Philippe Coutinho、Ousmane Dembele、Ivan Rakitic 和 Samuel Umtiti。
Coutinho and Umtiti have both been linked with moves to Arsenal, with the Brazilian also being eyed up by Chelsea.	Coutinho 和 Umtiti 都将转战阿森纳，而切尔西也对这名巴西球员情有独钟。
While Manchester United and Tottenham are said to be in a battle for Rakitic's services.	曼联和热刺据称正在争夺 Rakitic。
French World Cup winner Dembele, who has struggled for game time at the Camp Nou, was recently linked with a move to PSG in a swap deal with Neymar.	在诺坎普球场冲锋陷阵的法国世界杯冠军得主 Dembele 最近通过与 Neymar 交换转投 PSG。
The other players who are deemed surplus to requirements include Neto, Nelson Semedo, Junior Firpo, Arturo Vidal, Martin Braithwaite, Carles Alena, Rafinha Alcantara, and Jean-Clair Todibo.	其他富余球员还有 Neto、Nelson Semedo、Junior Firpo、Arturo Vidal、Martin Braithwaite、Carles Alena、Rafinha Alcantara 和 Jean-Clair Todibo。
Barcelona are hoping a clear out will not only boost their finances, but aid their future transfer business.	巴塞罗那希望通过球员交易来改善财务状况，同时为他们未来的转会业务打下基础。
Ousmane Dembele is also said to be surplus to requirements	Ousmane Dembele 据称也是富余球员
According to the Spanish newspaper, Barcelona have already identified their transfer targets for next season - with Argentinian forward Lautaro Martinez top of their hit list.	根据西班牙报纸报道，巴塞罗那已经确定了他们下一赛季的转会目标，其中阿根廷籍前锋 Lautaro Martinez 位列名单首位。
But Inter Milan are continuing to ask for his £101million release clause to be met before negotiating with the Catalans.	但是，国际米兰要求先满足 Martinez 1.01 亿英镑的解约费用条件才会继续与西班牙人谈判。
Barcelona will have to sell before they can buy, but remain confident that they can strike a deal with the Serie A side.	因此，巴塞罗那不得不先出售部分球员筹集资金，但他们仍对与意甲方面达成交易充满信心。
Barcelona "offer Arsenal Philippe Coutinho in swap transfer for bad-boy Guendouzi" as Gunners try to offload midfielder	阿森纳试图放弃中场球员，巴塞罗那“用 Philippe Coutinho 与阿森纳交换坏男孩 Guendouzi”
Car drives through crowd, protester shot in Colorado	汽车冲入示威人群，科罗拉多抗议者中枪
AURORA, Colo. (AP) - A car drove through a crowd and a protester was shot in the suburban Denver suburb of Aurora during demonstrations against racial injustice.	科罗拉多州奥罗拉（美联社）——汽车冲入反种族歧视游行示威人群，一名抗议者在丹佛奥罗拉郊区中枪。
The Aurora Police Department said on Twitter that protesters were walking on Interstate 225 Saturday when a vehicle drove through.	奥罗拉警察局在推特上发布消息称，周六有一辆汽车冲入了在 225 号州际公路上游行的示威人群。
Police said a protester fired a weapon, striking at least one person who was taken to a hospital in stable condition.	警方表示，一名抗议者开了枪，造成至少一人受伤，中枪者送入医院后伤势稳定。
Authorities said the vehicle was towed and they are investigating.	当局称这辆车已被拖走，他们正在对事件展开调查。
Protesters also broke windows to the courthouse and a fire was started in an office, police said.	警方称，抗议者还打破了法院的窗户，并在一间办公室纵火。
An unlawful assembly was declared and police ordered protesters to leave the area, authorities said.	当局称该集会为非法集会，警察命令抗议者离开该地区。
Tensions have been heightened at recent protests against racial injustice since federal officials were sent to quell demonstrations in Portland, Oregon.	自联邦官员被派往俄勒冈州波特兰镇压示威以来，最近针对种族歧视的抗议活动紧张局势加剧。
Police declared a riot in Seattle on Saturday.	周六警方宣布西雅图发生骚乱。
Protests sparked by the May 25 death of George Floyd, a black man in Minnesota who died after a white officer held him to the ground with a knee to his neck, have also highlighted other cases of fatal police violence.	5 月 25 日，明尼苏达州黑人 George Floyd 被一名白人警察用膝盖抵住脖子跪压致死，事件引发的抗议活动也反映出警方存在其他暴力执法现象。
In Colorado, protesters have been drawing attention to the death of Elijah McClain, who was stopped by police while walking down an Aurora street in August 2019 after a 911 caller reported him as suspicious.	科罗拉多州的抗议者一直在呼吁公众关注 Elijah McClain 的死，此人于 2019 年 8 月在奥罗拉街道上行走时被警察拦住，此前有人打 911 报警称他行迹可疑。
Police placed him in a chokehold, and paramedics administered 500 milligrams of ketamine, a sedative, to calm him down.	警察扣住了他的脖子，医护人员给他注射了 500 毫克的氯胺酮镇静剂。
He went into cardiac arrest, was later declared brain dead and taken off life support.	他先是发生心脏骤停，后被宣布脑死亡并摘掉生命维持设备。
Labour anti-Semitism whistleblowers demand Corbyn be expelled or face lawsuit	工党反犹太主义检举者要求起诉 Corbyn 或开除其党籍
Labour could have to pay damages of between £3million and £8million, according to reports.	报道称，工党或需支付 300 万到 800 万的赔偿金。
Now leader Keir Starmer is under pressure to expel Mr Corbyn.	现任党魁 Keir Starmer 面临开除 Corbyn 党籍的压力。
Last night ex-party staff said they would drop the legal action if Mr Corbyn was ejected from the party.	昨晚，有前工党工作人员称，如果 Corbyn 被开除党籍，他们将放弃诉讼。
The Labour Party has so far declined to comment on the demand.	截至目前，工党仍拒绝对此要求置评。
However, Labour MP Jon Trickett said: "It is a ridiculous demand."	不过，工党议员 Jon Trickett 表示：“这是个荒谬的要求。”
Supporters of Mr Corbyn said Mr Starmer needs to focus on tackling the Tories handling on coronavirus instead of delving back into Labour's internal divisions.	Corbyn 的支持者称，Starmer 应该重点关注保守党对新冠疫情的应对，而不是重新陷入工党的内部分歧中。
An ex-Labour Party source told the Daily Mail they would take legal action even if Mr Starmer did expel Mr Corbyn.	一名前工党人士告诉《每日邮报》，哪怕 Starmer 开除 Corbyn 的党籍，他们还是会提起诉讼。
"I mean he's really, he's made the Labour party competitive again.	“我的意思是，他真的，他让工党变得再次有竞争力了。
"There is still a long way to go on policy but he's made a really impressive start and he's got to a situation where for a lot of people who had really given up on the Labour party, voters as it were, I think they are now looking at it again much more sympathetically and they regard him as a serious figure."	他在政策上还有很长的路要走，但他已经有了一个令人印象非常深刻的开端，他已经做到了这种地步，让很多曾经放弃了工党、不再是工党选民的人重新认同工党，并且将他视作一个严肃认真的人物。”
Mr Blair did have concerns Labour is still seen as the party that raises taxes.	Blair 确实担心工党还被视作只会加税的政党。
He said: "My experience with tax when you're in the Labour Party is be really careful because the public out there aren't sitting there worried as to whether you are going to raise taxes or not, they are probably worried that you are going to raise taxes so you've just got to be mindful of that concern."	他说：“根据我的经验，如果你是工党成员，那你在税收问题上就得非常小心，因为公众并不是坐在那里操心你是不是要加税，他们更可能担心你会加税，所以，你得留意这种心态。”
Covid-19 will permanently change the world's economy (opinion)	新冠病毒将永久改变世界经济（观点）
Virus screening is likely to become part of our life, just like security measures became ubiquitous after 9/11.	就如 911 事件之后各种安全措施随处可见一样，病毒筛查同样可能成为我们生活的一部分。
It is important to invest in the infrastructure necessary to detect future viral outbreaks.	进行必要的基础设施投入以应对未来的病毒检测势在必行。
This investment protects economies in case immunity to Covid-19 turns out to be temporary.	如果新冠病毒免疫只有短期效果，这种投入可以为经济运行提供保障。
Many economies adopted versions of Germany's Kurzarbeit (short work) subsidy during the pandemic.	疫情期间，许多经济体实施了类似于德国“短时工作”（Kurzarbeit）补贴的政策。
This policy keeps workers employed at reduced hours and pay, with the government compensating some of the shortfall in wages.	根据这项政策，工人的工作时间和工资都会相应减少，工资不足部分由政府补贴。
By keeping matches between firms and workers intact, the economy is better prepared for a quick recovery.	这一举措维持着企业与工人之间的纽带，从而为经济快速复苏打下坚实基础。
It is important to improve the implementation of these policies and make them a permanent part of our economic recovery tool kit.	改善政策的实施也很重要，这些政策需要成为经济复苏工具永久的组成部分。
Remote work is likely to become more common.	远程办公可能会变得越来越普遍。
We had some evidence that working from home is at least as productive as working at the office.	有证据表明，居家办公也可以像在办公室工作一样高效。
However, many companies were reluctant to embrace remote work.	然而，许多公司仍不愿接受远程办公的工作方式。
Now that many have tried it with good results, remote work might be here to stay.	既然远程办公已经得到大范围尝试并且取得了良好的效果，那么这种方式可能会持续下去。
The pandemic crisis has accelerated the pace of digital transformation, with further expansion in e-commerce and increases in the pace of adoption of telemedicine, videoconferencing, online teaching and fintech.	随着电子商务进一步发展壮大，远程医疗、视频会议、在线教学和金融技术等得到了越来越多的采用，疫情危机也加快了数字化转型的速度。
Companies with international supply chains are dealing with shortages and bottlenecks.	涉及跨国供应链的公司面对各种短缺和瓶颈焦头烂额。
We are likely to see many of these companies reshore some of their production.	我们可能会看到许多这样的公司将生产迁回本土。
Unfortunately, this trend will not create many jobs because most of the production is likely to be automated.	遗憾的是，这种趋势并不会创造很多工作机会，因为大多数生产都可能会采用自动化的方式。
Governments will be bigger after playing the role of insurer and investor of last resort during the crisis.	在危机时期发挥出兜底人和投资者的作用后，政府功能也将变得更强大。
Public debt will balloon, creating financial challenges around the world.	公共债务激增，在全球范围内造成金融影响。
The most important lesson from the Covid-19 pandemic is the importance of working together on problems that affect the entire human race.	新冠疫情带给我们最大的教训是，所有人要同心协力解决影响全人类的问题。
We are much stronger united than divided.	只有团结起来，我们才会战无不胜。
Billboard giants push for discounts from airports, councils	广告牌巨擘要求机场、议会提供折扣
oOh! Media raised capital earlier this year to provided more financial certainty as the pandemic started to spook advertisers.	oOh!Media 公司于今年早些时候筹集资金，以期在疫情开始影响到广告主时做好财务准备。
Sources said that the companies were discussing ways to offset the large declines through a rent reduction for the sites they operate or through the removal or reduction of a minimum revenue guarantee, which is typically introduced when a deal is first signed.	消息人士称，这些公司在讨论如何通过降低运营地点的租金、取消或降低最低收入担保（通常适用于首次签署的合同）等一系列手段来弥补经济消退的影响。
One source indicated that the large billboard companies may have guaranteed as much as 85 per cent of their revenue projections in rent.	一位消息人士指出，大型广告牌企业可能将多达 85% 的预计租金收入用于担保。
Some contracts have clauses that allow them to reduce the minimum guarantee if the amount of people in an area reduces by a certain percentage, but it is unclear whether this condition is in any of the current contracts between the billboard companies and their landlords.	根据某些合同条款，如果一个地区减少了一定百分比的人口数，他们可以降低最低担保金额，但目前尚不清楚广告牌企业与业主之间签署的现行合同中是否存在这样的条款。
At the same time, the companies are offering large discounts to advertisers to fill available slots on billboards and give them the most value for money possible.	与此同时，广告牌企业也在通过大幅折扣吸引广告主购买空白广告位，让他们付出的成本发挥出尽可能高的价值。
Billboards in Sydney CBD and outer suburbs that typically host six ads are struggling to fill all of the available slots.	悉尼中央商务区和外围郊区的广告牌通常包含六个广告位，他们在争取将所有广告位都投入使用。
But some sites - such as oOh!media's 40 x 10 metre billboard at Sydney Airport - have been upgraded.	某些地方的广告牌——例如 oOh!media 位于悉尼机场的 40 x 10 米广告牌——进行了升级。
oOh! Media declined to comment, but at a Macquarie Australia conference in May, it flagged more than $20 million in fixed rent expense savings.	oOh!Media 拒绝对此做出评论，但在五月份举行的麦格理澳大利亚会议上，该公司表示节省了超过 2,000 万澳元的固定租金开支。
JC Decaux declined to comment.	德高集团拒绝对此发表评论。
Airports and public transport are lucrative advertising contracts for billboard companies.	广告牌公司许多利润丰厚的广告合同都来自机场和公共交通。
According to the 2019 Outdoor Media Association Report, revenue from transport - including airports - was $169.4 million while revenue from street furniture and and the outside of buses and trams was $266.5 million.	根据 2019 年度《户外媒体协会报告》，来自运输业（含机场在内）的营收为 1.694 亿澳元，而来自街道设施广告以及公交车和有轨电车车体广告的营收为 2.665 亿澳元。
JC Decaux business has contracts with Sydney Airport, Yarra Trams, Perth Airport and Sydney Buses.	德高集团与悉尼机场、雅拉有轨电车、珀斯机场和悉尼公交均订立了合同。
oOh! Media has billboards in areas such as Qantas lounges, outside Sydney airport, Adelaide Airport, Darwin Airport and inside train stations in Sydney and Melbourne.	oOh!Media 在澳洲航空候机厅、悉尼机场外部、阿德莱德机场、达尔文机场以及悉尼和墨尔本的城铁车站内部均设有广告牌。
Tenders for Melbourne Airport and Sydney Trains have been taking place during the pandemic and an official decision has not been made.	疫情期间，墨尔本机场和悉尼城铁的招标已经开始，但还没有做出正式决定。
Melbourne is the second largest airport contract in Australia and pre-coronavirus was worth tens of millions each year.	作为在澳大利亚签订的第二大机场广告合同，在新冠疫情爆发之前，墨尔本机场的年度合同金额达到了数千万澳元。
At full year results in February, oOh! Media said it generated $65.9 million from its 'fly' category, which is predominantly made up of revenue from Sydney Airport.	oOh!Media 二月份发布的全年业绩显示，其“飞行”类别的营收为 6590 万澳元，主要来自悉尼机场。
Revenue from 'commute', which is made up of the rail contracts and street furniture previously owned by Adshel before it was bought by oOh!, was $234.8 million.	“通勤”类别的营收为 2.348 亿澳元，来自轨道交通合同以及被 oOh!Media 收购之前归属于 Adshel 的街道设施合同。
JC Decaux Australia made $37.7 million in revenue from transport in 2018, according to its 2018 financial results filed to the Australian Securities and Investment Commission.	根据德高澳大利亚公司提交给澳大利亚证券和投资委员会的 2018 年财务报告，该公司 2018 年来自运输行业的营收为 3770 万澳元。
But both figures are likely to be significantly smaller this year.	但是，今年的这两个数字可能会大幅缩水。
Standard Media Index figures, which report the spend of four of the five major ad agency groups, said that the outdoor advertising market had plummeted 68 per cent in June.	Standard Media Index 统计了五家主要的广告代理集团中四家的支出情况，这些数据表明，户外广告市场在六月份缩水了 68％。
By comparison, interim June results show that digital spending is down 37 per cent, while metropolitan radio had fallen 48 per cent.	相比之下，六月份发布的中期业绩显示，数字广告支出下跌了 37％，城市电台广告支出下跌了 48％。
Metropolitan television fell 34 per cent in June, newspaper spending dropped by 49 per cent and spending in magazines plummeted 66 per cent.	六月份，城市电视台广告支出下跌了 34％，报纸广告支出下跌了 49％，杂志广告支出则下跌了 66％。
Coronavirus: Travellers from Spain told to quarantine	新冠疫情：来自西班牙的游客需进行隔离
Travellers arriving in the UK from Spain must now quarantine for 14 days, under new coronavirus travel rules.	据最新的新冠期间旅游限令规定，来自西班牙的游客抵达英国境内需进行 14 天的隔离观察。
They were announced on Saturday following a spike in coronavirus cases in Spain, with more than 900 new cases of the virus reported on Friday.	新的旅游限令于周六公布，此前，西班牙感染病例突增，截止周五已有超过 900 个新增病例。
Spanish officials have also warned a second wave could be imminent as major cities have seen cases surge.	西班牙各主要城市均存在感染病例上涨趋势，相关官员警告称，将会有第二波病例增长的情况发生。
Airlines including British Airways have criticised the new measures as "yet another blow" to British holidaymakers.	包括英国航空公司在内的相关企业均表达了对新政策的不满，认为这是对英国度假者的“又一次打击”。
People currently on holiday in Spain have been advised by the Department of Transport to follow the local rules, return home as normal, and check the Foreign Office's travel advice website for further information.	英国运输部建议目前在西班牙旅游的民众遵守当地规定，可正常回国，并前往外交部旅行建议网站了解更多信息。
The Foreign Office is advising against all but essential travel to mainland Spain, however the quarantine measures apply to those returning from mainland Spain, the Canary Islands and the Balearic Islands, such as Majorca and Ibiza.	外交部的建议适用于所有旅游的民众，尤其针对前往西班牙大陆的游客，但隔离的对象只包括从西班牙大陆、加那利群岛以及马略卡岛和伊比沙岛等巴利阿里群岛返回的人。
Foreign Office advice has ramifications for travel insurance.	外交部的建议对旅游保险也有一定影响。
Among those affected by the new rules is Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, who began his holiday in Spain on Saturday.	运输大臣 Grant Shapps 也受到了新限令的影响。他于周六开始在西班牙度假，
He is expected to continue his trip as planned and isolate in line with guidance on his return.	预计他将按计划继续旅行，并在回国后根据相关指示进行隔离。
Quarantine measures for UK travellers were first introduced in early June.	针对英国旅客的隔离措施最初于六月初公布。
But after pressure from the aviation and travel industries, the government and devolved administrations published lists of countries exempt from the rules.	但迫于航空和旅游行业的压力，政府及下属行政部门又公布了不受隔离规定影响的国家和地区的清单。
British Airways said it was "disappointed" about the latest changes to the government's travel advice and rules, although the airline said its flights were continuing to operate.	尽管英国航空公司称其航班作业仍会照常进行，但该公司表示对政府旅行建议和规定的最新变化感到“失望”，
It said the move was "throwing thousands of Britons' travel plans into chaos."	认为此举将“扰乱数千万英国人的旅行计划”。
The Airport Operators Association said the new measures would "further damage what is already a fragile restart of the aviation sector which continues to face the biggest challenge in its history."	英国机场运营协会认为新措施将“进一步摧毁航空行业才重启不久的脆弱经济，而整个行业将继续面临史上最大的挑战”。
The UK's biggest tour operator, Tui, cancelled its flights due to depart to mainland Spain and the Canary Islands on Sunday.	英国最大的旅游公司途易 (TUI) 取消了周六前往西班牙大陆和加那利群岛的航班。
Customers currently on holiday will be able to return on their intended flight home.	目前正在度假的游客仍然可以乘坐计划的航班回国。
However, budget airline EasyJet said it was "disappointed" and would operate a full schedule in the coming days.	但是，廉价航空易捷航空公司 (EasyJet) 称其非常“失望”并会在之后几天将航班排满。
"Customers who no longer wish to travel can transfer their flights without a change fee or receive a voucher for the value of the booking," the company said in a statement.	该公司在一份声明中表示，“不想继续旅行的乘客可以转机，且无需支付改签费，或者也可以选择与订票金额等价的代金券”。
A spokesman for the Association of British Travel Agents (Abta) said the government's quarantine rule change was "disappointing."	英国旅行社协会 (ABTA) 的发言人也对政府的隔离规定感到“失望”：
"We suggest the government considers lifting the quarantine rules for flights to and from certain regions with lower infection rates, or to places such as the Balearic Islands or the Canaries - which are geographically distinct from mainland Spain - to avoid further damage to the UK inbound and outbound tourism industries," he said.	“我们建议政府放宽对往返低感染率地区的限制，或者针对像巴利阿里群岛或加那利群岛这种地理上明显不同于西班牙大陆的地区的限制，从而避免加剧英国出入境旅游行业的现状。”
Spain has so far seen more than 28,000 coronavirus deaths.	目前，西班牙已有超过 28,000 例死亡病例，
On Thursday, it saw the biggest daily increase in infections since its lockdown ended.	周四的新增病例数量是解除封锁后单日新增最多的一次。
Catalonia has become the latest region to crack down on nightlife.	加泰罗尼亚是最后一处将对人们夜生活进行限制的地区。
The wealthy north-east region, which is home to Barcelona, ordered all nightclubs to close for two weeks and put a midnight curfew on bars in the greater Barcelona area.	巴塞罗那所属的东北富人区下令关闭所有夜间俱乐部两周，并在巴塞罗那更广泛的地区实行午夜宵禁。
The BBC's Guy Hedgecoe in Madrid says contagion among young people is a particular worry, as they have been gathering in large numbers in cities at night.	据 BBC 驻马德里记者 Guy Hedgecoe 报道，病毒在年轻群体中传播的情况尤其令人担忧，因为到了晚上，他们就会在各城市大规模聚集。
France has warned its citizens not to travel to Catalonia while Norway has said it will start quarantining people arriving from Spain.	法国已警告其公民不要前往加泰罗尼亚旅行，挪威也称将对来自西班牙的人进行隔离。
The government is urging employers to be "understanding of those returning from Spain who now will need to self-isolate."	目前，政府也在敦促雇主“体谅从西班牙回国且需要自我隔离的员工”。
But Labour's shadow home secretary Nick Thomas-Symonds called for the government to explain in detail how it would support those affected, adding that the news would be "deeply concerning for families who are in caught in Spain or are planning travel."	然而，工党影子内政大臣 Nick Thomas-Symonds 呼吁政府解释具体将如何帮助受影响的人，并补充说新规定将“很大程度上影响留在西班牙的家庭以及计划旅行的家庭”。
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted that the decision was made after reviewing the latest data earlier on Saturday.	苏格兰首席大臣 Nicola Sturgeon 在推文中表示，这是在回顾了周六早些时候的最新数据后做出的决定。
"This reinforces the point that these matters are subject to change at short notice and so my advice is to be cautious about non-essential foreign travel," she said.	她说：“要强调的一点就是，情况在短期内会发生变化，所以我建议不要进行不必要的境外旅行”。
John Blackmore, from Hampshire, was due to fly out to his family in Spain with his wife and two young children.	来自汉普郡的 John Blackmore 原本计划同妻子和两个孩子一起到西班牙见自己的家人。
But the new rules mean he has had to cancel, for fears his wife's employer would not be able to accommodate her taking an extra two weeks off to quarantine on their return.	但新规定实施后，因为担心回国后妻子的雇主不愿意接受她进行为期两周的隔离，所以不得将行程取消。
He said he thought it was unlikely they would get a refund for the flight, as it has not been cancelled.	他认为取消航班可能不会获得退款，因为他们现在都还没能成功退票。
"I'm devastated," he told the BBC.	“我现在真的很绝望”，他对 BBC 记者说，
"I have family in Spain who haven't seen their only grandkids since Christmas."	“我在西班牙的父母自从圣诞节后就没见过自己的孙子了。”
Lois Stothard, from South Yorkshire, told the BBC she had booked a holiday to Seville as a surprise for her boyfriend's 30th birthday - due to fly out on Sunday morning - but now feels that she cannot travel.	南约克郡的 Lois Stothard 告诉 BBC 记者，她订了去塞维利亚的机票，准备在他男朋友 30 岁生日时给他一个惊喜，航班将在周日早上起飞，但现在她估计无法按计划出行了。
"I'm a keyworker - I'm a teacher - and my boyfriend has work commitments so we cannot quarantine for 14 days when we return," she said.	“我是一名老师，关键行业的从业人员，而且我男朋友工作很忙，所以我们不可能回国后进行 14 天隔离”，她说，
"We can't get any money back and to change the company want double what I've already paid in fees. I'm very disappointed and upset as we're packed and ready to go."	“我们拿不到退款，而且改签的话航空公司要求我们支付两倍的价钱。我真的很失望很苦恼，我们明明都收拾好行李准备出发了。“
Leicester happy to hit target of European football says Golden Boot winner Jamie Vardy	金靴奖得主 Jamie Vardy 称莱斯特城已实现入围欧联的目标
Jamie Vardy acknowledged his disappointment at missing out on Champions League football, but said Leicester City achieved their early-season objective of qualifying for Europe.	Jamie Vardy 表示，虽然莱斯特城止步欧冠令其惋惜，但已实现赛季初进军欧洲联赛的目标。
The Foxes were second in December and third when football restarted after lockdown, but they took just four points from their last five games to finish fifth in the Premier League.	莱斯特城（绰号“狐狸”）12 月时稳坐联赛榜第二位，在次循环联赛中落回第三位，因在英超最近五场比赛中仅拿下 4 分，最终跌至第五位。
A final-day win over Manchester United would have secured a top-four finish, but Brendan Rodgers" side suffered a 2-0 loss, which Vardy says was the most upsetting aspect.	如果莱斯特城能在最后一场比赛战胜曼联，可确保其位列联赛榜前四，但莱斯特城 0:2 不敌曼联， Vardy 也坦言十分惋惜。
"It was disappointing, more the way we've ended up losing the game," he said on Sky Sports at full-time.	他在天空体育台的采访中表示：“我感到十分失望，特别是我们输掉比赛的方式。
"But we've said in the dressing room, we targeted behind closed doors to qualify for Europe and we've done that.	但就像我们在更衣室里说的，我们的目标是入围欧联，而且我们也确实做到了。
"We had the chance to qualify for the Champions League and that was even better, but we'll reflect on it and come back stronger next year.	当然，如果能杀入欧冠自然是锦上添花，我们之后会汲取经验教训，争取在来年以更好的状态回归。
"It's hard to take, but our main target was Europe and we've managed to do that."	虽然这场比赛的失利让我们不太好受，但是我们的主要目标是晋级欧联，而且已经成功入围。”
While his team fell short, Vardy himself ended the season as the Premier League's top scorer at 33 years of age, scoring 23 times.	尽管球队的整体表现不佳，但 Vardy 在本次英超联赛中打进 23 球，以 33 岁之龄斩获本赛季金靴奖。
He paid tribute to his team-mates in receiving the award and said there are still plenty of miles left in him at the top level, despite his advancing age.	领奖时，他向队友致敬并表示，尽管年龄越来越大，但在顶级联赛中仍有很长的路要走。
"I'm delighted, it's all about the team. I wouldn't have been in the position I was for the goals without them and I've put quite a few away.	他说道：“我很高兴能和他们成为队友。如果没有他们，我无法实现目标，更不会站在这个领奖台上。
"I'll have a rest for a bit now and come back for next season ready to go.	我会短暂休息一段时间，然后开始为下一个赛季做准备。
Fortunately I don't feel my age, my legs are still fine and touch wood I don't pick up many injuries, so it's about keeping on top of that and come back as strong as I can next year."	对我而言，年龄并没有对我造成太大影响，我的腿依然很健康，而且也没有受太多伤，我需要做的就是继续保持，然后以最好的状态迎接明年的比赛。”
'What happened there?!' UFC fighter Correia gets pummelled after turning back on rival mistakenly thinking round is over (VIDEO) - RT Sport News	‘发生了什么情况？！’ 终极格斗冠军赛 (UFC) 拳手 Correia 误以为回合结束，转身时遭到对手连击（视频）——RT 电视台体育新闻
Brazilian bantamweight Bethe Correia is a UFC veteran but made an amateur error by turning her back on opponent Pannie Kianzad and mistakenly thinking the round was over in their bout on Fight Island, and got tagged as a result.	巴西雏量级拳手 Bethe Correia 在 UFC 身经百战，却在格斗岛与 Pannie Kianzad 对垒时发生业余失误——她误以为回合已经结束，转身把后背暴露给了对手，因此遭受连击。
Coming to the end of the first stanza of their showdown on the undercard in Abu Dhabi, the 37-year-old Correia appeared to mistake the 10-second warning for the actual end of the round, reaching out a glove before turning her back on Kianzad and making her way back to her corner.	这场一决胜负之战在阿布扎比开打，第一回合快要结束时，现年 37 岁的 Correia 似乎把 10 秒警告误当作是回合结束，她举高一只手转身背朝 Kianzad 走向自己的一角。
The Swedish fighter capitalized without hesitation, tagging her opponent with a right hand before following up with a series of blows to back Correia against the cage.	瑞典拳手毫不犹豫地出手，先用右手连击，然后挥出一系列长拳将 Correia 逼到笼边。
Momentarily appearing in danger, the Brazilian then regained control to stifle the threat and back Kianzad up before the actual end of the round was called.	巴西选手陷入短暂危险后重新获得控制权，在回合真正结束之前将 Kianzad 击倒在地。
"What happened there? Oh my word," the commentary team on ESPN+ were heard exclaiming.	“发生了什么情况？天哪”， ESPN+ 解说员发出惊呼。
It was just one part of a frustrating night for former bantamweight title challenger Correia, who went down to a unanimous decision defeat which is her third loss in her past four octagon outings and leaves her overall record at 11-5, with one draw.	对于前雏量级挑战者 Correia 而言，这个令人沮丧的夜晚还没有结束，最终裁判一致判定她挑战失败，这也是过去四场比赛中的第三次失利，总成绩变成 11 胜 5 负 1 平。
For the Iranian-born Kianzad, 28, it was a second win on the spin following her victory over Jessica-Rose Clark at UFC Fight Night in Moscow back in November.	生于伊朗的 Kianzad 今年 28 岁，这是她继 11 月在莫斯科 UFC 格斗之夜击败 Jessica-Rose Clark 之后取得的又一次胜利。
Kianzad is now 13-5 overall and 2-1 in the UFC, as the woman known as 'Banzai' aims to shift up the 135lbs rankings.	Kianzad 目前的整体战绩为 13 胜 5 负，UFC 战绩为 2 胜 1 负，这位外号“Banzai”的女拳手希望提升自己的雏量级（135 磅）排名。
Elsewhere on the night, Australia's Robert Whittaker edged out England's Darren Till in the middleweight main event, while Russian-born fighter Khamzat Chimaev made history by winning a second bout in 10 days on Fight Island, the shortest-ever period between victories in the modern-era UFC.	当晚其他比赛中：澳大利亚的 Robert Whittaker 在中量级主要赛事中险胜英格兰选手 Darren Till；俄罗斯出生的拳手 Khamzat Chimaev 十天内在格斗岛赢得两场比赛，创下现代 UFC 比赛中两场胜利间隔时间最短的记录。
Rahul Gandhi Goes To People On Rajasthan Issue	Rahul Gandhi 呼吁人民在拉贾斯坦邦事件上支持其政党
Congress's Rahul Gandhi tweeted a video today attempting to mobilise the people against the BJP over the events in Rajasthan.	今天，印度国民大会党的 Rahul Gandhi 在推特上发布了一段视频，希望鼓动人民在拉贾斯坦邦事件上反对印度人民党 (BJP)。
Using hashtag #SpeakUpForDemocracy, his Hindia post urged the people to "Unite and raise our voice for democracy."	他用印地语发的帖子带上了 #为民主发声 (#SpeakUpForDemocracy) 的标签，呼吁人民“团结起来，为民主发声”。
The Congress is planning a countrywide protest on Monday over the situation in Rajasthan, where the Ashok Gehlot government is struggling to survive.	国民大会党计划于周一在全国范围内就拉贾斯坦邦的局势进行抗议，Ashok Gehlot 政府在该地区摇摇欲坠。
While the party said a protest will be held outside the Rashtrapati Bhavan, the official residence of President Ram Nath Kovind.	国民大会党称，他们将在总统府，也就是总统 Ram Nath Kovind 的官邸外举行一场抗议活动。
In the video, the Congress has accused the BJP of "Ripping up the constitution and demolishing democracy" while the whole country is fighting the coronavirus.	在视频里，国民大会党指责人民党在举国上下对抗疫情之际“撕毁宪法、践踏民主”。
It has done the same in Madhya Pradesh, the Congress said.	国民大会党称，他们在中央邦也做出了同样的事情。
"We demand to immediately convene an assembly session which is within our constitutional rights," the party said in the video.	国民大会党在视频里说：“我们要求立即召开议会会议，这是宪法赋予我们的权利。”
Rajasthan Governor Kalraj Mishra has turned down one proposal to start an assembly session.	拉贾斯坦邦州长 Kalraj Mishra 驳回了一个提议召开议会会议的提案。
A second one was submitted today which he said he is examining.	第二个提案于今天提交，Kalraj Mishra 表示还在进行审核。
Mr Gehlot's government has been in deep crisis after his deputy Sachin Pilot turned rebel with a chunk of MLAs supporting him.	自从 Gehlot 的副手 Sachin Pilot 带着支持他的一众立法议会会员叛变后，Gehlot 的政府便陷入巨大的危机中。
The party has been unable to disqualify the rebels to bring down the majority mark in the assembly.	国民大会党一直无法取消叛变者在议会的资格，因此无法将其人数减少到议会的多数票以下。
Mr Pilot -- who was stripped of his posts in the party and the government -- has been given temporary relief from disqualification by the Rajasthan High Court, which held that the Speaker cannot take any action until the larger constitutional question about his powers is decided.	Pilot 在党内和政府中的职位已经被剥夺，拉贾斯坦邦高等法院暂时没有取消他的资格，认为在他的权力范围上存在更大的合宪性争议，在得出结论前议长也不能采取任何行动。
That question will be taken up tomorrow by the Supreme Court, which will also decide whether a court can interfere with the Speaker's decisions.	明天，高等法院将审理该争议问题，还将就法院能否干涉议长决定的问题作出裁决。
The Congress stands only one past the majority mark in the 200-member assembly.	在 200 名成员的议会中，国民大会党的得票只比多数票多出一票。
Team Pilot claims the support of 30 MLAs, but so far, the evidence points to only 19.	Pilot 的团队声称获得了 30 名立法议会成员的支持，但截至目前，有确凿证据的只有 19 票。
The BJP has 72 and including allies and Independents, it stands at 97.	人民党获得 72 人支持，加上盟友和独立议员，共有 97 票。
If the court decides in favour of Mr Pilot, the Congress can lose the second of the three governments it formed in the heartland states following the 2018 assembly elections.	如果法院裁决有利于 Pilot，国民大会党将失去其组建的第二个政府，2018 年议会选举后，国民大会党在中部各州共组建了三个政府。
In March, it lost the Kamal Nath-led government in Madhya Pradesh after Jyotiraditya Scindia joined the BJP with 22 of his MLAs.	3 月，Jyotiraditya Scindia 带着支持他的 22 名议会成员加入人民党，导致国民大会党以 Kamal Nath 为首的中央邦政府倒台。
Seattle Protests: Fires and Pepper Spray as Thousands March Through City	西雅图示威频发：成千上万抗议者走上街头，城市火光四起
SEATTLE - After weeks of escalating confrontations between protesters and federal authorities in Portland, Ore., a crowd of about 2,000 people mobilized in Seattle on Saturday, marching through the streets and clashing with the police.	西雅图——俄勒冈州波特兰的抗议者与联邦当局之间的冲突升级，几周之后，西雅图约 2,000 人上街游行，与警方发生冲突。
Three police officers were injured, including one who was hospitalized with a leg injury caused by an explosive, and 16 protesters were arrested as of early evening, the police said.	警方表示有三名警员受伤，其中一名因爆炸物造成腿伤入院，截至傍晚，有 16 名抗议者被捕。
Carrying signs such as "Feds Go Home" and shouting chants of "No justice, no peace," the protesters stopped at the site of a future youth detention center and lit buildings there on fire. Some smashed windows of nearby businesses.	抗议者手举“联邦走狗滚回家”之类的标语，高呼“没有正义就没有和平”口号，他们在还在建设中的青年拘留所停下并向建筑物纵火。一部分人打砸了附近企业的窗户。
The police confronted the crowd in the Capitol Hill neighborhood, deploying flash grenades and pepper spray before they began taking people into custody.	警方在国会山附近与示威人群对峙，使用了闪光弹和胡椒喷雾并拘捕了多名抗议者。
Bipasha Mukherjee, 52, of Kirkland, Wash., said she has been protesting on the streets since May and said it was worrisome to her to see such aggressive tactics by the police.	华盛顿州柯克兰 52 岁的 Bipasha Mukherjee 表示，从五月份以来她一直在街头抗议，警方采取如此强硬的战术让她深感担忧。
"This is not the country I immigrated to," said Ms. Mukherjee, who arrived from India more than 30 years ago. "It feels like we are rapidly becoming a fascist state and a police state."	Mukherjee 女士 30 多年前从印度来到这里，她说，“这里不再是我移民时来到的那个国家，我感觉这个国家正在迅速变成一个法西斯主义国家、一个警察国家。”
Michaud Savage of Seattle said the protests were aimed at both local authorities and the deployment of federal officers who have waged a crackdown against a long-running protest in Portland. Mr. Savage said the law enforcement tactics in Portland, which have included the use of tear gas and crowd-control munitions, were dangerous and inappropriate.	西雅图的 Michaud Savage 说抗议活动既针对地方当局，也针对镇压了一次波特兰大型抗议活动的联邦警察。Savage 说波特兰的执法人员使用了催泪瓦斯和人群控制弹药，批评这种方式危险且不合时宜。
"It's a very hard slide in an extremely violent direction," Mr. Savage said as he washed his eyes of pepper spray and nursed a wound on his arm from a flash grenade.	Savage 一边冲洗被喷射胡椒喷雾的双眼和包扎被闪光弹划出一道伤口的手臂，一边说，“事情飞快地在向着极端暴力的方向发展。”
The death of George Floyd in police custody in Minneapolis in May ignited mass protests that drew millions to the streets in dozens of cities, but those demonstrations have waned in most cities.	五月份，明尼阿波利斯的 George Floyd 在警方控制下身亡，事件引发大规模抗议活动，数十万人走上了几十个城市的大街小巷，但大多数城市的游行示威活动有所降温。
Seattle and Portland, however, have seen extended demonstrations. Seattle protesters at one point laid claim to several blocks of the Capitol Hill neighborhood and declared an autonomous zone. After a series of shootings there led the police to clear the area, protests had subsided.	然而，西雅图和波特兰的示威仍在持续。西雅图抗议者声称对国会山附近的几个街区拥有主权，并宣布建立自治区。一系列枪击事件在该地发生之后，警察清理了该地区，抗议活动平息。
Portland, meanwhile, has continued protesting, with some of the heaviest protests around federal buildings in the city. After President Trump issued an executive order to protect statues and federal property, the Department of Homeland Security deployed tactical teams to the city, beginning a series of clashes that have resulted in injured protesters, inspector general investigations and calls from local leaders for federal agents to leave.	与此同时，波特兰的抗议活动还在继续，其中最激烈的抗议活动发生在该市联邦建筑周围。在 Trump 总统签发了保护雕像和联邦财产的行政命令后，国土安全部向该市派遣了战术小队，引发一系列造成抗议者受伤的冲突，监察长介入调查，地方官员呼吁联邦特工离开。
Protest crowds in that city have swelled into the thousands, and demonstrations there were continuing. This week, federal officials deployed a tactical team to Seattle, and protesters cited that development as one reason for Saturday's demonstrations.	该市的抗议者人数增长到了数千人，示威活动仍在持续。本周，联邦官员往西雅图派遣了一个战术小队，抗议者称这也是他们周六进行抗议的其中一个原因。
While the Portland protests have centered in downtown, the demonstrations on Saturday roamed areas east of the downtown core, where the city's federal courthouse is.	波特兰的抗议活动集中在市中心，而周六的示威游行则覆盖联邦法院所在的市中心以东的地区。
Kansas City mayor welcomes federal help in solving murders, but worries about Trump's motives	堪萨斯市长欢迎联邦协助破案 但对 Trump 动机表示担心
Kansas City Mayor Quinton Lucas questioned on Sunday President Trump's motives for sending federal agents into U.S. cities - saying that while he would welcome the help in solving a slew of murders in the Midwestern city, he thinks the move could be more about buoying Trump's reelection chances.	周日，堪萨斯城市长 Quinton Lucas 质疑了总统 Trump 向美国各城市派遣联邦执法人员的动机，表示虽然他欢迎联邦协助调查发生在该中西部城市的多起谋杀案，但他认为此举的主要目的还是为了增加 Trump 的连任机会。
"I was pretty frustrated this week [that] the president mentioned the George Floyd protests, mentioned the Black Lives Matter movement," Lucas, a Democrat, said on "Fox News Sunday" of the recent protests over racial inequality and police brutality.	民主党人 Lucas 在《福克斯周日新闻》节目上谈到最近因种族不平等和警察暴力而引发的抗议活动，表示：“本周，总统提及有关 George Floyd 之死的抗议活动，以及‘黑人的命也是命’的人权运动，我对此感到非常失望。”
"That is not the case in Kansas City. We've had year-over-year increases [but] what we need help on is actually clearing some of the unsolved murders."	“堪萨斯城的情况不一样。和去年相比，我们的案子增多了，（但）我们真正需要的是联邦政府能够帮助我们解决一些悬案。”
Lucas added: "Let's try to have a pinpointed and targeted focus on solving murders...I think if you listen to recent statements... we are happy to work with federal agents in a limited scope."	Lucas 补充道：“让我们尽量把重点放在解决谋杀案上……我觉得，如果你听了最近的发言……就知道我们很乐意在一定范围内与联邦执法人员合作。”
Despite his willingness to have federal agents work with local law enforcement, Lucas said that Trump's rhetoric - specifically in light of the controversy surrounding the tactics employed in Portland, Ore., by the federal agents - has caused many of his constituents to voice concern about the presence of agents on the city streets.	Lucas 表示，他愿意让联邦执法人员与当地执法部门合作。但是，联邦执法人员在俄勒冈州波特兰市采取的措施引发争议，而 Trump 的言论导致很多本区选民对于联邦执法人员出现在大街小巷一事感到担忧。
"What we don't need is more fuel on the fire from federal agents to make, I think, an exciting political issue," he said.	他说道：“我们不希望联邦执法人员对本就群情激愤的政治事件火上浇油。”
Trump on Wednesday announced that he was deploying 100 federal agents to Chicago to help combat rising rates of some crimes - a move that marks an expansion of the White House's intervention into local law enforcement as Trump continues to position himself as the "law and order" president.	周三，特朗普宣布向芝加哥市派遣 100 名联邦执法人员，帮助当地应对部分犯罪行为增多的问题，Trump 称自己为代表“法律与秩序”的总统，而派遣联邦执法人员的举动也标志着白宫加大对地方执法的干预力度。
The "surge" of agents announced on Wednesday to Chicago and other American cities is part of Operation Legend - named after 4-year-old LeGend Taliferro, who was fatally shot while sleeping in a Kansas City apartment late last month.	Trump 周三宣布向芝加哥等城市派遣大批联邦执法人员的举动是“莱金德行动” (Operation Legend) 的一部分，该行动是以 4 岁男孩 LeGend Taliferro 的名字命名，上月底，他在位于堪萨斯城的家中睡觉时遭到枪击，不幸死亡。
While sending federal agents to aid local law enforcement is not unprecedented - Attorney General Bill Barr announced a similar surge effort in December for seven cities that had seen spiking violence - the type of federal agent being sent, and some of their tactics, have raised concerns among state and local lawmakers.	此前也发生过派遣联邦执法人员协助地方执法部门的情况，去年 12 月，美国司法部长 Bill Barr 也曾因暴力犯罪激增而向七个城市派遣大量联邦执法人员，然而，此举还是引发了各州选民和当地立法者对派遣人员类型及其采取措施的担忧。
A number of lawmakers from New York to Portland have spoken out against the Trump administration sending the agents to their cities, especially following reports that unidentified federal agents detained protesters in Portland and took them away in unmarked vehicles.	纽约、波特兰等立法者都公开反对 Trump 政府向他们的城市派遣联邦执法人员，特别是有报道称，身份不明的联邦执法人员在波特兰拘留了抗议者，用没有警方标志的车辆将他们带走。
Portland has been hit with near-daily demonstrations against police brutality and systemic racism since the death of George Floyd while in Minneapolis police custody on May 25.	5 月 25 日，George Floyd 被明尼阿波利斯市警方拘留后死亡，从那以后，波特兰几乎每天都有反对警察暴力执法和系统性种族主义的示威活动。
Local authorities also have complained that the surges have only exacerbated tensions, and criminal justice experts say the efforts defy explanation because of the unprecedented moment America is living through - with a pandemic, historic unemployment and a mass reckoning over racism and how people of color are treated by police.	当地政府也抱怨称，联邦执法人员的激增只会加剧紧张态势，刑事司法专家表示，此举令人无法理解，因为美国正处于不寻常的时期：疫情、失业率创历史新高、大规模对种族主义的反思，以及对警察针对有色人种态度的反思。
£10m fund set up to support Scottish events	苏格兰政府设立 1,000 万英镑资金资助赛事活动
Organisers of cultural, community and sporting events are to be offered financial support while they remain affected by lockdown restrictions.	疫情封锁期间受影响的文化、社区、体育活动组织者将获得财政资助。
The Scottish government's £10m funding package also aims to help event suppliers.	苏格兰政府的 1,000 万英镑资助计划同样旨在帮助各活动供应商。
The government said it was looking at how events could restart safely in the future.	苏格兰政府表示，目前他们正着眼于寻找未来安全恢复各项活动的方法。
Economy Secretary Fiona Hyslop said the coronavirus pandemic had had a "devastating impact" on the sector.	财政大臣 Fiona Hyslop 认为，新冠疫情对各项活动造成“灾难性的影响”。
Scotland's festival scene and sporting events such as the Highland games have been among those affected by restrictions brought in to prevent the spread of Covid-19.	为防止新冠病毒传播而采取的限制措施，使得苏格兰的节日活动和高地运动会等体育赛事均受到影响。
Ms Hyslop said: "Whilst we've had the positive step that drive-in events can resume, most of the sector will be unable to operate for some time to come.	Hyslop 女士表示：“虽然我们迈出了积极的一步，比如汽车影院得以恢复，但多数行业一段时间内还无法运营。
"We've worked closely and constructively with the sector on the challenges they face and they have brought forward some creative ideas on how they can begin to operate safely.	我们与行业内组织者展开了密切且富有建设性的合作，针对各自面临的挑战，他们提出了一些如何安全运营的创造性方案。
"In addition to providing immediate support, some of this funding will look to bolster innovation and aid the longer-term recovery of the events industry."	除了直接提供资助外，资金的一部分还将用于促进创新和维持赛事活动的长期恢复。”
The Event Industry Advisory Group said the sector had been one of the first to go into lockdown and would be among the last to fully emerge from it.	Event Industry Advisory Group 认为，该行业是最早受封锁限制的领域，也将是最晚得以全面解除限制的领域之一。
Chairman Peter Duthie, who is also chief executive of the SEC in Glasgow, said events contributed about £6bn each year to Scotland's economy.	该集团董事长 Peter Duthie 同时也兼任格拉格斯证券交易委员会执行长官的一职，他表示，赛事活动每年为苏格兰带来近 60 亿英镑的收益。
He said: "Additional funding from government for this important sector is very welcome and much needed, both by the event organisers and the wider supply chain businesses who are being hit exceptionally hard by the ongoing effect of an extended period of lockdown."	他说：“政府额外为该行业拨款十分必要，并且得到赛事活动组织者及众多相关供应链企业的广泛支持，他们在长期的封锁限制中均遭受了严重的经济损失。”
Shivraj Singh Chouhan On Testing Covid Positive	Shivraj Singh Chouhan 确诊感染新冠肺炎
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who on Saturday confirmed he had tested positive for COVID-19, tweeted Sunday morning to say that he is "fine" and to offer his praise for front-line workers in the war on coronavirus.	中央邦首席部长 Shivraj Singh Chouhan 周六证实，他的新冠病毒检测结果呈阳性，他在周日上午发布的推文中称自己“没事”，并赞扬了奋战在抗疫第一线的工作人员。
The Chief Minister also repeated his warnings from yesterday, when he urged people to follow guidelines, such as social distancing and the use of face masks.	首席部长还重复了他在昨天发出的警告，呼吁大家遵守防疫指导方针，例如保持社交距离和戴口罩。
"I am fine, my friends. The dedication of coronavirus warriors, who selflessly risk their lives, is praiseworthy. I salute all coronavirus warriors of the state," Mr Chouhan tweeted from Bhopal's Chirayu Hospital, where he was admitted yesterday.	“朋友们，我没事。抗疫战士们冒着生命危险，无私奉献，他们都值得赞扬。我向全国所有抗疫战士们致敬，” Chouhan 在博帕尔的 Chirayu 医院发推文如是说，他于昨天被收治入院。
"Keep two metres distance, wash your hands frequently and wear face masks - these are the biggest weapons we have to avoid the coronavirus. I appeal to all people - use these weapons for yourself and your loved ones," he said.	“保持两米的距离，勤洗手，戴口罩——这就是我们抗击冠状病毒最有效的武器，”他说，“我希望所有人都能够利用这些武器保护自己和家人。”
"All of you be careful, stay safe and healthy. This is what I pray to God," Mr Chouhan added.	Chouhan 最后补充说：“大家都小心一点，希望你们都平安健康。这也是我向神祈祷的内容。”
On Saturday Mr Chouhan had tweeted that he had tested positive for the virus despite his best efforts to avoid infection and warned that "just a little carelessness invites the coronavirus."	周六，Chouhan 在推特上说，他的病毒检测结果呈阳性，尽管他已经尽了最大的努力避免这种情况的发生，他警告称，“一点点的疏忽大意都可能会感染上冠状病毒”。
Tweeting this morning Mr Chouhan said that despite the threat of infection there was "no need to fear" and urged those showing symptoms to get themselves tested.	今天早上，Chouhan 在推特上说，虽然感染病毒的威胁还在，但大家“没有必要害怕”，并呼吁有症状的人去检测一下。
"If you are infected, there is no need to fear. Do not hide symptoms but tell doctors immediately, so treatment can be started. Timely treatment will make you healthy," he said.	他说：“如果你感染了病毒，也不用害怕。不要隐瞒你的症状，立刻告诉医生，然后开始接受治疗。及时治疗就能恢复健康。”
Madhya Pradesh has nearly 27,000 COVID-19 cases, of which more than 7,600 are active and 799 are deaths linked to the virus.	中央邦已有近 27,000 例确诊病例，其中 7,600 例为活跃病例，并有 799 例与新冠病毒相关的死亡病例。
India has recorded a surge in COVID-19 cases in the past weeks, with over 45,000 new cases detected every day since July 23.	过去几周，印度确诊病例激增，自 7 月 23 日以来每日新增确诊病例高达 45,000 例。
The total number of confirmed coronavirus cases is rapidly approaching 14 lakh; of these more than 4.67 lakh are active cases and over 32,000 are deaths linked to the virus.	新冠肺炎确诊病例总数迅速接近 140 万例，其中超 46.7 万例为活跃病例，超 32,000 例死亡病例与该病毒有关。
The spike in cases, coinciding with the staggered relaxation of lockdown guidelines in non-containment zones of the country, has propelled India to third on the list of most affected nations.	确诊病例激增之际，印度国内非封锁区域不同程度地放松了封锁措施，导致印度的疫情严重程度排在了全球第三。
Only the United States (41.78 lakh cases) and Brazil (23.94 lakh cases) are worse off.	排在印度前面的是美国（417.8 万确诊病例）和巴西（239.4 万确诊病例）。
Kanye West says he can beat Joe Biden "off of write ins" - RT USA News	Kanye West 表示可以凭自选票击败 Joe Biden——RT 电视台美国新闻
Fresh from airing his family's dirty laundry on Twitter, rap enigma Kanye West has once again breathed life into his will-he-won't-he presidential bid, claiming that he could beat Joe Biden on write-in votes alone.	继在 Twitter 上抖搂家庭的各种不堪之后，说唱歌手 Kanye West 再次为他飘忽不定的总统竞选造势，称自己仅凭自选票就能击败 Joe Biden。
Days after announcing a new album and revealing that he's been trying to divorce wife Kim Kardashian for two years, Kanye West again turned his attention to his 2020 presidential campaign on Saturday, in an all-caps announcement declaring "I CAN BEAT BIDEN OFF OF WRITE INS."	Kanye West 于几天前发布了一张新专辑，并透露出自己两年来一直打算与妻子 Kim Kardashian 离婚，周六他将注意力再度转到 2020 年总统竞选活动上，高调宣称“我可以凭自选票击败 Biden”。
If West is still serious about running for the presidency, write-in votes may be his only path to victory, or indeed any kind of showing.	如果 West 仍然将竞选总统一事当真的话，自选票可能是他获胜的唯一途径，否则他只是在作秀而已。
The rapper announced his candidacy on July 4, past the deadline to file as a candidate in at least six states.	7 月 4 日，这位说唱歌手宣布竞选总统，时间晚于在至少六个州报名参选的最后期限。
Nevertheless, West pressed ahead and filed the proper papers with the Federal Election Commission (FEC), and managed to get his name on ballots in Oklahoma.	尽管如此，West 还是向联邦选举委员会（FEC）提交了相应的文件，并成功让自己的名字印在俄克拉荷马州的选票上。
Since then he's held one campaign rally, during which he addressed a crowd clad in a bulletproof vest, delivering his speech without a microphone or podium.	此后，他举行了一场竞选集会，穿着防弹背心向集会群众致辞，没有使用麦克风或讲台。
West came out against abortion, weeping as he delivered a pro-Christian message he said would make the media "tell you that I'm crazy."	West 发声反对堕胎，哭着传递出亲基督教的信息，他说这会让媒体“告诉你我疯了”。
That much was true, and West's rally was described across news sites and gossip mags as a publicity stunt, evidence of mental illness, or both.	这并非妄言，新闻网站和八卦杂志将 West 的集会说成是宣传噱头、精神疾病的证明，或二者兼而有之。
However, a recent poll put West at two percent nationwide, neck and neck with the Libertarian Party's Jo Jorgensen and a point ahead of the Green Party's Howie Hawkins.	然而，新一轮民调显示，West 在全国范围内的支持率为 2%，与自由党候选人 Jo Jorgensen 并驾齐驱，领先于绿党候选人 Howie Hawkins。
While it is extremely unlikely that he could surpass Joe Biden's reputed 48 percent, he could in theory siphon enough votes from Biden to see President Donald Trump clinch a second term - something pundits on both sides suspect may be his plan.	虽然他几乎没有可能超过获得了 48% 支持率的 Joe Biden，但理论上他能够从 Biden 那里吸取足够的票数，让 Donald Trump 成功连任——双方的专家都怀疑这可能就是他的打算。
Rock from Mars heads home after 600,000 years on Earth	在地球停留 60 万年的火星岩石将被送回家园
A small piece of rock will be hurled into space this week on one of the strangest interplanetary voyages ever attempted.	本周，一小块岩石将被抛入太空，这是有史以来最奇怪的星际旅行之一。
A tiny piece of Martian basalt the size of a 10p coin will be launched on board a US robot probe on Thursday and propelled towards the red planet on a seven-month journey to its home world.	一块 10 便士硬币大小的火星玄武岩将于本周搭载美国机器人探测器发射升空，向这颗红色星球推进，并在历时 7 个月的太空之旅后返回火星。
This extraordinary odyssey, the interplanetary equivalent of sending coals to Newcastle, will form a key part of Nasa's forthcoming Mars 2020 expedition.	虽然这次非凡的冒险看起来就像将煤炭送到纽卡斯尔（十六世纪以后为英国主要的煤港）一样毫无意义，但是这将成为即将到来的美国宇航局 (NASA) 火星 2020 探险的一个关键部分。
Space engineers say the rock - which has been donated by the Natural History Museum in London - will be used to calibrate detectors on board the robot rover Perseverance after it lands and begins its search for signs of past life on the planet.	太空工程师表示，这块由伦敦自然历史博物馆捐赠的岩石，将在“毅力号”探测器着陆后，用于校准机器人的探测器，并开始寻找火星上生命存在过的迹象。
Some of the Martian meteorites we have are very fragile, but we chose this one specifically because it's as tough as old boots	我们拥有的一些火星陨石非常脆弱，但我们专门选择了这块，因为它就像旧靴子一样坚硬
"When you turn on instruments and begin to tune them up before using them for research, you calibrate them on materials that are going to be like the unknown substances you are about to study.	“当你打开仪器并在研究前对其进行校准时，你将使用与即将研究的未知事物类似的材料对其进行校准。
So what better for studying rocks on Mars than a lump that originated there?" said Professor Caroline Smith, the Natural History Museum's curator of meteorites.	那么，对于研究火星上的岩石而言，还有什么比一块来自火星的岩石更适合作为研究对象?”自然历史博物馆陨石馆馆长 Caroline Smith 教授说道。
Scientists were confident that the rock they were returning to Mars originated on the planet, added Smith, who is also a member of the Mars 2020 science team.	Smith 同时也是“火星 2020”科学小组的成员，他补充说，科学家们相信他们带回的岩石来自火星。
"Tiny bubbles of gas trapped inside that meteorite have exactly the same composition as the atmosphere of Mars, so we know our rock came from there."	“陨石内的微小气泡与火星大气层的成分完全相同，所以我们确信这颗岩石来自那里。”
It is thought that the Martian meteorite was created when an asteroid or comet plunged into the planet about 600,000 to 700,000 years ago, spraying debris into space.	据信，这块火星陨石是在大约 60 万到 70 万年前，一颗小行星或彗星撞击火星时产生的，并伴有碎片散落在太空中。
One of those pieces of rubble swept across the solar system and eventually crashed on to Earth.	其中一块碎石扫过太阳系，最终落在地球上。
That meteorite - now known as SAU 008 - was discovered in Oman in 1999 and has been in the care of the Natural History Museum since then.	这颗现在被称为 SAU 008 的陨石于 1999 年在阿曼被发现，从那时起一直由自然历史博物馆保管。
Among the instruments fitted to the Perseverance rover is a high-precision laser called Sherloc, which will be used to decipher the chemical composition of rocks and determine if they might contain organic materials that indicate life once existed - or still exists - on Mars.	在“毅力号”探测器上安装的仪器中，有一台名为 Sherloc 的高精度激光发射器，它将用来破译火星岩石的化学成分，并确定它们是否含有可以表明火星上曾经存在或仍然存在生命的有机物质。
The inclusion of a piece of SAU 008 is intended to ensure this is done with maximum accuracy.	添加一块 SAU 008 是为了确保最大精度完成此操作。
"The piece of rock we are sending was specifically chosen because it is the right material in terms of chemistry, but also it is a very tough rock," added Smith.	Smith 补充道：“我们特别挑选了这块岩石，因为它在化学成分上是契合的，而且它是一块非常坚硬的岩石。”
"Some of the Martian meteorites we have are very fragile. This meteorite is as tough as old boots."	“我们发现的一些火星陨石十分易碎。但这块陨石就像旧靴子一样坚硬。”
Once Perseverance has selected the most promising rocks it can find, it will dump them in caches on the Martian surface.	“毅力号”找到有研究价值的岩石后，会将它们储藏在火星表面。
These will then be retrieved by subsequent robot missions and blasted into space towards Earth for analysis.	然后，这些岩石将被后续发送至火星的机器人回收，并从太空发射到地球上进行研究分析。
Man found with gunshot wounds in Mambourin near Werribee	韦里比附近的 Mambourin 发现一名男子中枪
A man has been rushed to hospital after being shot in Melbourne's west overnight.	昨晚，墨尔本西部一名男子中枪后被紧急送往医院救治。
Police were called to Mambourin, near Werribee, about 8pm where they found a man aged in his 20s with suspected gunshot wounds to the lower body in Yard St.	警方接到报警后赶到韦里比附近的 Mambourin，大约晚上 8 点，警方在 Yard 街发现一名 20 岁左右的男子，下半身疑有多处枪伤。
The man was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.	男子被送往医院救治，并无生命危险。
Police said the investigation was ongoing.	警方表示正在对这起案件展开调查。
Sunday with Oliver Spencer: "I won't get dressed up, Sundays are for loungewear'	Oliver Spencer 的周日：“周日我不打扮，就穿家居服”
How does Sunday start?	请问您的周日是如何开始的？
With me stumbling down the stairs and falling over the dog on my way to make my wife a cup of tea.	我跌跌撞撞地走下楼梯，在给妻子泡茶的路上被狗绊倒。
If I'm lucky, we'll have escaped London to our coastal house on the Isle of Wight.	幸运的话，我们也许有时间离开伦敦，去我们在怀特岛的海边别墅度个假。
The two of us will sit together and look across the water in silence.	坐在一起，望着水面发呆。
It sounds serene...	这听起来很惬意......
It is, until 8am when two or three of our boys bang on the door demanding breakfast.	直到早晨 8 点，家的几个男孩儿会跑来敲门，让我们做早餐。
It's bacon and eggs for them, spinach and mushrooms for us; then if the weather's good, we kick the boys out.	通常，他们的早餐是培根和鸡蛋，而我们的是菠菜和蘑菇，天气好的话，就会把孩子们赶到外面去玩。
We'll swim, paddleboard or take a walk around the beautiful Quarr Abbey, which looks like something straight out of Game of Thrones.	我们会去游泳、划船，或者在酷似《权力的游戏》场景的 Quarr 修道院旁散步。
And during lockdown?	那么疫情封城期间呢？
For the first two weeks I was in total denial, I couldn't believe my business was shut down.	最开始两周，我完全不能接受，无法相信我的店已经歇业了。
I distracted myself by obsessing about the life or death of my newly planted garden.	后来，我就照顾新种植的植物转移自己的注意力。
Otherwise, I've been experimenting in the kitchen: intensely flavoured eel and shiitake broth and a double cream brioche have been my standouts.	另外，我还在厨房里做了些菜品“实验”，比如味道浓郁的鳗鱼香菇汤和双倍奶油的蛋卷，后来这些都成为了我的拿手菜。
How do you unwind?	会如何放松自己呢？
I won't get dressed up, Sundays are for loungewear, half-cropped tracksuit bottoms and a white T-shirt.	我不会穿得很正式，周日是穿家居服的日子，半裁剪运动裤和白色 T 恤。
After a lunch of roast chicken, I'll snooze with the papers on a deckchair in the garden.	吃完一顿烤鸡午餐后，我会在花园的躺椅上拿着报纸打盹。
I try not to drink: it helps clear my head before Monday comes calling.	周日晚上我尽量不喝酒，这样有助于在周一保持清醒。
A Sunday that sticks out?	有没有印象深刻的周日？
After a long Saturday night at my sister-in-law's 40th birthday party in New York, around midnight my heavily pregnant wife decided we'd better get going.	在某一个周日，我们在纽约参加了嫂嫂 40 岁的生日宴，并度过了一个漫长的夜晚，差不多午夜时，我怀孕的妻子感觉她快分娩了，于是我们决定离开宴会。
She was determined to enjoy herself, telling people it was her third after all.	她本来打算好好玩一下，告诉大家这毕竟已经是她的第三胎了，应该不会有什么大问题。
We left the party and she went straight into labour.	但是，我们刚离开宴会，她就直接分娩了。
And Sunday night?	周日的晚上怎么度过？
By 7pm we've packed the car and have boarded the ferry to Portsmouth.	晚上 7 点，我们把行李装上车，然后登上前往朴茨茅斯的渡轮。
A drive up the A3 and we're back in London for the week: kids in bed, I walk the dog and have a bowl of cereal.	从轮渡下来以后，我们开车上了 A3 高速公路，回到伦敦准备迎接工作日的到来，到家后，孩子们就去睡觉了，我遛完狗回来又吃了一碗麦片。
I'm good with leaving the Isle of Wight to head back to the city, I know if I don't, I can't have a home there at all.	我很乐意从怀特岛回到伦敦，因为我知道，如果不这样做，我也不可能在怀特岛有个家。
Kenyan police officers arrested after fatal shooting in Garissa	肯尼亚加里萨警察因枪击事件被捕
Two police officers in Kenya have been arrested in connection with a shooting in which two people were killed.	肯尼亚两名警察因涉嫌在一起枪击事件中造成两人死亡被拘捕。
The shooting happened at Soko Ng'ombe market in eastern Garissa county on Saturday, during a protest against the arrest of a man suspected of murder.	枪击事件于周六发生在东部加里萨县的 Soko Ng'ombe 市场，当时，市场内正针对一名男子涉嫌谋杀的案件进行抗议。
The two victims have been named as Aden Abdi Madobe and Muhiyadin Adow Shibin.	两名受害者为 Aden Abdi Madobe 和 Muhiyadin Adow Shibin。
Kenya's police watchdog has launched an investigation into the shooting.	肯尼亚警察局监察机关已就枪击事件展开调查。
It will include "forensic analysis" of the officers' guns.	调查程序包括对涉事枪械的取证分析。
Garissa MP Aden Duale called the deaths "heinous" and condemned "police brutality" in a statement posted to Facebook.	加里萨国会议员 Aden Duale 称该事件“令人发指”，并在脸书网发布的帖子中谴责“警方暴力执法”。
Campaigners have raised concerns about policing during the pandemic.	多名活动人士也表达了对警方在疫情期间执法行为的忧虑。
According to Amnesty International, Kenyan officers have killed 21 people since March for failing to comply with coronavirus prevention measures such as curfews and mask-wearing.	根据国际特赦组织的数据，自三月以来，肯尼亚警方已造成 21 人死亡，原因均为未遵守宵禁令和佩戴口罩等防疫要求。
Earlier this month police in the capital Nairobi fired tear gas and arrested several protesters taking part in the annual Saba Saba march - a protest event which started 30 years ago against the autocratic regime of then-President Daniel arap Moi.	本月初，警方在首都内罗比投放催泪瓦斯并逮捕多名参与年度 Saba Saba 游行——起源于 30 年前反对前总统 Daniel arap Moi 独裁的抗议事件——的示威者。
Correspondents say this year's event was given extra impetus by anger over police crackdowns during the Covid-19 lockdown.	前方记者称，由于警方在疫情封锁期间的镇压行为引起群愤，导致今年的抗议人群更为激进。
Tight Security Presence outside US Consulate in Chengdu, China	美国驻中国成都总领事馆外安保升级
There was a tight security presence outside the U.S. consulate in the city of Chengdu, China Sunday, as the American staff prepared to leave the premises.	周日，美国驻中国成都总领事馆外安保升级，美方人员准备撤离。
Three moving trucks were seen entering the building compound, while uniformed and plainclothes police lined both sides of the street, which were lined with metal barriers.	三辆搬家卡车驶入馆内，制服警察和便衣警察排列街道两旁，路边设立了金属栅栏。
The editor of China's Global Times tabloid tweeted that the U.S. consulate in Chengdu was given 72 hours to close, or until 10 a.m. (0200GMT) Monday, July 27.	中国《环球时报》编辑发表推文称，美国驻成都总领事馆被要求在 72 小时内关闭，即 7 月 27 日星期一上午 10 点（0200 GMT）。
China charged that some personnel at the Chengdu consulate were "conducting activities not in line with their identities."	中方指责美国驻成都总领事馆的一些人员“从事与其身份不相符的活动”。
Without giving any details, Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman, Wang Wenbin said such activity had interfered in China's affairs and harmed its security interests.	中国外交部发言人汪文彬没有透露任何细节，只表示这种活动干涉中国内政，损害中国安全利益。
China's order to close the consulate in Chengdu was issued Friday in retaliation for a U.S. order to close the Chinese consulate in Houston, Texas.	中方于周五要求关闭美方驻成都总领事馆，这是对美方要求关闭中方驻德克萨斯州休斯敦总领事馆实施的反制。
Washington ordered China to close the Houston office "to protect American intellectual property and Americans' private information."	华盛顿要求中方关闭驻休斯敦总领事馆“以保护美国的知识产权和美国人的私人信息”。
As Chinese consulate closure in Houston took effect on Friday, a group of men who appeared to be U.S. officials were seen breaking-in to the facility through a back door.	中国驻休斯敦总领事馆于周五关闭之后，一群貌似美国官员的人从后门闯入该场所。
Wang said on Saturday that violated international and bilateral agreements and China would respond, without specifying of how.	汪文斌在周六表示，这一行为严重违反了国际法和双边协定，中方会做出回应，但没有说明具体措施。
The tit-for-tat closures further escalated the tensions between the two countries over issues from trade and industrial espionage to human rights.	针锋相对地关闭领事馆进一步加剧了两国之间在贸易和工业间谍及至人权问题上的紧张关系。
Safari park baboons seen armed with knives, screwdrivers and CHAINSAW as 'pranksters give them weapons to wreck cars'	恶作剧者提供毁车武器，动物园内狒狒挥舞起各种工具
The primates at Knowsley safari park, Merseyside, are long known to pounce on anyone pausing in the enclosure and ripping off a windscreen wiper or mirror.	默西塞德郡诺斯利野生动物园的灵长类动物臭名昭著——它们会扑向停在围栏内的汽车，掰下雨刮器或后视镜。
Baboons have been armed with knives, screwdrivers and even chainsaws at Knowsley safari park, Merseyside.	有人看到默西塞德郡诺斯利野生动物园内的狒狒挥舞小刀、起子甚至是链锯。
Workers fear pranksters are arming the pesky primates, who are known to pounce on anyone who pauses and rip off windscreen wipers and mirrors.	工作人员担心有恶作剧者给这些讨厌的灵长类动物提供武器，它们会扑向停下来的汽车，掰下雨刮器或后视镜。
Workers now fear they are being armed with the lethal weapons "for a laugh" by visitors to bolster their attacks and the apes have even been seen rummaging around toolboxes themselves.	现在，工作人员担心游客以“开玩笑”为由给它们提供致命武器，导致其攻击性加强，有人甚至看到这些狒狒乱翻工具箱。
One park worker told The Sunday Times: "We're not sure if they are being given weapons by some of the guests who want to see them attack cars, or if they're fishing them out of pick-up trucks and vans."	一位园区工作人员告诉《星期日泰晤士报》：“我们不确定是想要看到它们袭击汽车的游客给它们提供了武器，还是它们自己从皮卡和货车上偷的。”
"They will literally go into people's toolboxes and carry them around. One of the baboons was seen lugging around a chainsaw."	“它们确实会去翻别人的工具箱并带着到处走。有人看到过狒狒拖着一把链锯。”
Another worker said: "The baboons have been found with knives and screwdrivers. I do wonder if it's some of the guests handing them out."	另一位工作人员说：“我们看到过拿着小刀和起子的狒狒。我在想是不是游客递给它们的。”
And the baboon attacks are so inevitable that mechanics across the northwest of England have come to know the enclosure well.	狒狒袭击时有可见，就连英格兰西北部的修理工都知道这个动物园。
One mechanic in Sale, Greater Manchester said people know what to expect at the park and that he has had two customers fall victim to the baboons this year.	大曼彻斯特塞尔的一位修理工表示，人们知道动物园里会发生什么状况，他的两位客户今年就惨遭狒狒毒手。
They added that one minute kids want monkeys on the car and the next it has no registration plate - but the issue provides "good money" for the garage.	他们还说，前一分钟孩子们还想看猴子坐到汽车上，后一分钟车牌就不翼而飞，但这样的问题给修理厂带来了“好生意”。
Knowsley reopened on June 15 with Covid-19 security measures after insisting it was as safe as a McDonald's drive-through as visitors do not leave their car on the five mile safari drive.	诺斯利动物园坚称这里就像麦当劳得来速一样安全，只要游客在全程 5 英里的野生动物园参观途中待在车内，动物园于 6 月 15 日重新开放，采取了应对新冠疫情的安全措施。
The 550-acre park, home to lions, tigers, rhinos, wildebeest and camels, dismissed reports of armed apes as an urban myth.	这个动物园占地约 222.7 公顷，饲养了狮子、老虎、犀牛、角马和骆驼等动物，他们对狒狒持有武器这类报道嗤之以鼻。
A spokesperson said: "We believe many of these stories have grown in exaggeration as they've been retold, with embellishment to make the objects that are sometimes found in the enclosure seem more exciting and unbelievable."	一位发言人说：“我们相信，很多这样的故事都在口耳相传之间被夸大，并且有添油加醋的迹象，导致有时候在园区发现物品显得令人难以置信。”
In 2012 car manufacturer Hyundai let 40 monkeys from the park loose on its New Generation i30 model for 10 hours to prove it had the strength for families with small children.	2012 年，汽车制造商现代公司将其新一代 i30 汽车放在这所动物园内，与 40 只猴子共处 10 个小时，以此证明该车型的强度足以保障有孩子的家庭的人身安全。
United, Chelsea into CL; Bournemouth, Watford down from EPL	曼联、切尔西进入欧冠，伯恩茅斯、沃特福德跌出英超
Manchester United and Chelsea qualified for the Champions League at the expense of Leicester on a frantic final day of the Premier League season on Sunday, while Bournemouth and Watford were relegated to end five-year stays in the top flight.	周日，曼联和切尔西在英超联赛的最后一天击败莱斯特城挺进欧洲冠军联赛，而伯恩茅斯和沃特福德则被降级，结束了为期五年的顶峰之争。
United won 2-0 at Leicester through goals by Bruno Fernandes and Jesse Lingard to give Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's team a third-place finish.	Bruno Fernandes 和 Jesse Lingard 进球后，曼联以 2:0 的成绩击败莱斯特城，Ole Gunnar Solskjaer 的球队则获得第三名。
Chelsea beat Wolverhampton 2-0 after a goal and an assist by Mason Mount and finished in the fourth and final Champions League qualifying place above Leicester, which has been in the top four for most of the season.	切尔西在 Mason Mount 的进球和助攻下，2:0 击败狼队，排名第四，并超过莱斯特城（赛季期间基本名列前四）获得最后一个进入欧冠联赛的席位。
Leicester, instead, will play in the Europa League along with Tottenham, which drew 1-1 at Crystal Palace to secure sixth place - above Wolverhampton on goal difference.	莱斯特城将参加欧洲联赛，此外，参赛的还有热刺，该球队在水晶宫比赛中与狼队 1:1 打平，最终由于净胜球优势超过狼队。
The battle to avoid the two remaining relegation places went to the wire as Aston Villa scored in the 84th minute, conceded a minute later, then held on for 1-1 draw at West Ham to survive.	为避免获得剩余的两个保级名额的对战则进行到了最后一刻，阿斯顿维拉在第 84 分钟进球，一分钟后被进一球，与西汉姆联 1:1 平留下。
Captain Jack Grealish scored Villa's goal in what could be his last game for his boyhood club.	队长 Jack Grealish 赢得阿斯顿维拉一球，这可能是他代表自己的童年俱乐部踢的最后一场比赛。
Bournemouth did what it had to do and beat Everton, 3-1, but ended up one point behind Villa.	伯恩茅斯以 3:1 的成绩击败埃弗顿，但最终落后阿斯顿维拉一分。
Watford was also relegated as the next-to-last team after losing 3-2 at Arsenal.	沃特福德在 3:2 输给阿森纳之后，作为倒数第二的队伍降级。
Manchester City passed 100 goals for the campaign with a 5-0 win over last-place and already-demoted Norwich, a game that marked the last in the Premier League for David Silva after 10 years with City.	曼联在联赛期间进球数超过 100，以 5:0 的成绩战胜已经降级的诺维奇，赢得进入欧冠的资格，这场比赛也是为曼联效力 10 年的 David Silva 在英超的最后一场比赛。
Kevin De Bruyne got a record-tying 20th assist of the season and also scored twice.	Kevin De Bruyne 创下纪录，在本赛季助攻 20 次，进球两次。
Liverpool ended its title-winning season with a 3-1 win at Newcastle and finished on a club-record 99 points.	利物浦 3:1 战胜纽卡斯尔联，结束了本赛季的夺冠之旅，俱乐部最终得分 99 分。
Also, Southampton beat Sheffield United 3-1, with Danny Ings scoring his 22nd goal of the season.	此外，南安普顿 3:1 战胜谢菲尔德联，Danny Ings 在本赛季进球 22 次。
That left him one behind Leicester's Jamie Vardy, who won the Golden Boot as the league's highest scorer.	而莱斯特城球员 Jamie Vardy 进球数最多，赢得了金靴奖。
Gwyneth Paltrow wants kids to have good 'worth ethic'	Gwyneth Paltrow 希望孩子树立良好“价值观”
Gwyneth Paltrow has said she wants to raise her children to have a good worth ethic as she tries 'not to just hand them things'.	Gwyneth Paltrow 表示，她试图通过“不只是授之以鱼”来教育自己的孩子，希望他们树立起良好的价值观。
Paltrow has two children, Apple (16) and Moses (14), with ex-husband Chris Martin and she wants them to have good values and not get by on their parents fame.	Paltrow 与前夫 Chris Martin 育有两个孩子，分别是 16 岁的 Apple 和 14 岁的 Moses，她希望孩子们树立良好的价值观，而不是依靠父母的名气。
"That's why I think it's so important... To raise a kid that has a work ethic and whose values are aligned with yours or with their own sense of who they are, etc," she told Rob Lowe on his podcast.	“我也是为什么我认为……培养孩子的职业道德，让孩子的价值观与你自身的价值观或是与他们对自己的身份认同一致之类事情十分重要的原因，” 她在播客中告诉 Rob Lowe。
"The truth of the matter is the doors can be opened for you, but if you think about all the people who try and it doesn't happen."	“实际情况是我可以给你指路，但如果你只是像别人那样尝试，不会得出什么结果。”
She added, "As a parent you think, all I can do for these kids is teach them right from wrong and teach them what work is. I've really have tried not to just hand them things."	她补充说：“作为父母，我能够为孩子们做的就是教他们是非对错，教他们工作是什么。我的确尝试过避免只是授之以鱼。”
Paltrow has also taken steps to allow her children to live as privately as possible, and ensures they keep their social media accounts private.	Paltrow 也采取了措施，让孩子们的生活尽可能不被公众关注，确保他们的社交媒体账号保持私密性。
"I won't let them be public on any social media or anything like that, I try to keep them out of the public eye as much as possible," she said.	她说：“我不会通过任何社交媒体或其他方式让他们公开露面，我会尽量让他们避开公众的视线。”
"You know, now it's different, 'cause kids are like, 'Can I have a YouTube channel?' and I'm like, 'No, you can't. Absolutely not."	“你也知道，现在情况不同了，孩子们会问我能不能开个 YouTube 频道，我会告诉他们，‘不行。绝对不可以。’”
Tunisia interior minister named new PM, to form government in a month	突尼斯内政部长接任新总理，将于一个月内组建新政府
Tunisia's Interior Minister Hichem Mechichi has been appointed to form the next government, the president's office said, amid political tensions among major parties in the North African country.	在该北非国家政党关系紧张的情况下，突尼斯总统办公室宣布，任命内政部长 Hichem Mechichi 组建下一届政府。
The 46-year-old lawyer succeeds Elyes Fakhfakh, who resigned as prime minister earlier this month.	这名 46 岁的律师将接替于本月初辞职的 Elyes Fakhfakh。
But Mechichi was not one of the names proposed by the governing political parties to President Kais Saied.	然而，Mechichi 并不在各执政党向 Kais Saied 总统提名的候选人之列。
In a statement following Saturday's announcement, Mechichi said he would "work to form a government that meets the expectations of all Tunisians."	周六宣布新任领导人后，在一份声明中，Mechichi 表示他将“致力于组建一个符合突尼斯人民期望的政府”。
Tunisia has been praised as a rare success story for democratic transition after the Arab Spring regional uprisings sparked by its 2011 revolution.	自 2011 年革命运动引发阿拉伯之春地区起义后，突尼斯被誉为罕见的民主转型成功的典范。
But its leaders have struggled to meet the expectations of the Tunisian people and the already fragile economy has been battered by the closure of the country's borders because of the COVID-19 pandemic.	然而，该国领导人却难以达到人民的期望，新冠疫情导致突尼斯关闭边境，使得本就脆弱的国内经济遭受重击。
The disease has killed nearly 50 people and infected more than 1,400 in Tunisia.	疫情导致约 50 人死亡，感染病例超过 1,400。
As well as being the interior minister in the outgoing government, Mechichi has been a counsellor to President Saied, handling legal matters.	除了在目前的政府中担任内政部长外，Mechichi 还担任 Saied 总统的顾问，负责法律事宜。
He has previously been chief of staff at the Ministry of Transport and also served in the Ministry of Social Affairs.	他曾担任交通部参谋，也在社会事务部任职过。
He now has a month to form a government, which will then face a parliamentary vote of confidence and will need an absolute majority to succeed.	现在，他有一个月时间组建新政府，之后，议会会对新政府举行信任投票，只有获得绝大多数信任票才能通过。
Failing that, parliament will be dissolved and new elections will be held within three months.	否则，议会解散，并在三个月内进行新的选举。
In the last elections held in October, the Ennahdha party came on top but fell far short of a majority and eventually agreed to join a coalition government.	在上一次十月举行的选举中，复兴党名列前茅，然而因未能获得绝大多数信任票，最终加入了联合政府。
Fakhfakh's resignation on July 15, after less than five months in office, threatened fresh political deadlock in the nation as it struggles with the economic fallout of the pandemic.	Fakhfakh 上任不足五个月便在 7 月 15 日辞职，使得突尼斯面临政治僵局的危险，尤其是在该国仍在设法应对疫情导致的经济困境的情况下。
The resignation deepened the political dispute with Ennahdha over allegations against Fakhfakh of conflicts of interest.	辞职事件加剧了 Fakhfakh 与复兴党之间因利益冲突对 Fakhfakh 进行指控引发的政治争端。
Relations between the 47-year-old outgoing leader and Ennahdha have been strained since the October legislative elections.	自十月立法选举以来，这位即将离任的 47 岁的领导人与复兴党之间的关系就颇为紧张。
Fakhfakh stepped down the same day the party filed a no-confidence motion against him.	在该党对 Fakhfakh 投不信任票当天，Fakhfakh 下台。
Ennahdha had initially nominated an independent for prime minister, but he failed to win the support of parliament, leading the president to name former Finance Minister Fakhfakh for the post.	复兴党最初提名了一名独立人士担任总理，但由于未能赢得议会支持，总统最终提名前财政部长 Fakhfakh 接任该职位。
Faced with the prospect of fresh elections, Ennahdha eventually agreed to join the coalition government.	考虑到还有新的选举，复兴党最终同意加入联合政府。
Ted Cruz says Pelosi's objectives are "shoveling cash at the problem and shutting America down"	Ted Cruz 称 Pelosi 意在“用钱解决问题并让美国停摆”
Washington - Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas accused House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Democrats of pushing a coronavirus relief package that focuses on "shoveling cash at the problem and shutting America down" as negotiations on the next measure continue.	华盛顿——德克萨斯州共和党参议员 Ted Cruz 指责众议院议长 Nancy Pelosi 和众议院民主党派推行的新冠疫情救助方案，称该方案旨在“用钱解决问题并让美国停摆”，有关后续措施的磋商仍在继续。
In an interview with "Face the Nation" on Sunday, Cruz said the country is confronting two crises simultaneously: a global pandemic that has claimed the lives of more than 600,000 people worldwide and an "absolute economic catastrophe" in the U.S.	Cruz 周日在接受《面向全国》(Face the Nation) 节目采访时表示，美国同时面临着两大危机：席卷全球的疫情夺去了全世界超过 60 万条生命，美国陷入了一场“绝对的经济灾难”。
But Cruz said Pelosi, who appeared on "Face the Nation" ahead of the senator, " is "focused on neither of those."	Cruz 批评先于他接受《面向全国》采访的 Pelosi “没有关注到其中任何一个问题。”
"Her objectives are shoveling cash at the problem and shutting America down," the Texas Republican said.	Cruz 表示：“她的目标就是用钱解决问题并让美国停摆。”
"And in particular, you look at the $3 trillion bill she's trying to push, it's just shoveling money to her friends and not actually solving the problem. Our objective should be Americans want to get back to work. They want to be able to provide for their family."	“你们尤其要看看她正在尝试推动的 3 万亿美元法案，这纯粹是在砸钱而不是真正在解决问题。我们的目标应该是让美国人重返工作岗位，让他们能够养家糊口。”
Senate Republicans and the White House spent last week negotiating the terms of the fourth phase of the coronavirus response, which they expect to cost $1 trillion.	参议院共和党派和白宫上周就应对新冠疫情的第四阶段方案条款进行磋商，预计金额将达到 1 万亿美元。
Over the weekend, White House chief of staff Mark Meadow and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin headed back to Capitol Hill for more talks with Senate staff, and Mnuchin told Fox News in an interview Sunday the details are set to be unveiled by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Monday.	上周末，白宫办公厅主任 Mark Meadow 和财政部长 Steven Mnuchin 回到国会山与参议院工作人员进行进一步探讨，Mnuchin 在周日接受福克斯新闻频道采访时表示，参议院多数党领袖 Mitch McConnell 将于周一揭晓个中细节。
The most pressing issue for lawmakers - and a point of contention between Republicans and Democrats - is the expiration of enhanced unemployment benefits, which began to go away this weekend.	议员们面临的最紧迫问题以及共和党与民主党之间争论的焦点在于，增加的失业救济金已经到期，将于本周末取消。
While Democrats want the "phase four" coronavirus package to keep the $600 boost to the benefits, Republicans are calling for it to be pared back and argue some Americans make more from unemployment than they did in wages.	民主党希望“第四阶段”新冠疫情救助方案继续保留增加的 600 美元救济金，而共和党则呼吁削减这一金额，辩称一部分美国人通过失业获得的收入比挣到的工资还要多。
Cruz said more than half of Americans receiving the enhanced unemployment benefits are paid more now than when they were working and said he's talked to small business owners in Texas who are having trouble rehiring employees.	Cruz 表示，目前有一半以上的美国民众获得的增加后的失业救济金比他们工作时的收入要高，他表示自己在与徳克萨斯州的小企业主交谈时获知，一些小企业主在招工时也因此遇到麻烦。
"Of course, they won't come back because the federal government is paying them, in some instances, twice as much money to stay home," he said.	他说：“他们当然不会回来工作，因为联邦政府付给他们的钱有时候达到了他们工资收入的两倍之多。”
Cruz said Congress should be focusing on passing a recovery bill that would make it easier for Americans to return to work by easing taxes and regulations on small businesses:	Cruz 认为国会应当着重通过一条复苏法案，放宽对小企业的税收和规定，从而让美国民众重返工作岗位。
"instead of just shoveling trillions out the door, a recovery bill would suspend the payroll tax, which would give it a pay raise to everyone in America who's working. That actually gets people back to work," he said.	他表示：“复苏法案不是将几万亿美元砸下来，而是暂停征收工资税，这相当于给每一个工作的美国人涨薪。这种方式才真正能让大家重返工作岗位。”
President Trump demanded last week the next aid package include a payroll tax cut, but Mnuchin said it will not be part of the legislation, as the proposal was ill-received among Republicans.	Trump 总统上周要求下一个救助方案包含削减工资税，但 Mnuchin 表示，这项提案不会纳入立法流程，因为共和党不接受这一提案。
Mr. Trump acknowledged the payroll tax cut would be absent from the next bill but sought to pin the blame on Democrats.	Trump 总统确认下一个法案不包括削减工资税，但企图将责任归咎于民主党。
Cruz, who last week objected to the cost of the next package, said Sunday he is not on board with the measure from his fellow Senate Republicans.	Cruz 上周对新方案的成本提出了异议，他在周日表示，自己不同意参议院共和党提出的这项措施。
But he also criticized the $3 trillion bill passed by the Democrat-controlled House in May and accused his political opponents of deliberately crafting a measure that damages the president ahead of the November election.	但是，他也对民主党控制的众议院于五月份通过的 3 万亿美元法案提出了批评，指责对方故意制定出一项在十一月大选之前有损总统利益的措施。
"The only objective Democrats have is to defeat Donald Trump, and they've cynically decided the best way to defeat Donald Trump is shut down every business in America, shut down every school in America," he said.	他说：“民主党的唯一目标就是击败 Donald Trump，他们天真地认为击败 Donald Trump 的最好办法就是让美国的方方面面停摆，关闭美国的每一所学校。”
"You know, Nancy Pelosi talks about working men and women. What she's proposing is keeping working men and women from working."	“要知道，虽然 Nancy Pelosi 谈到了男性和女性劳动者，但她的提议就是让大家不要工作。”
Kanye West issues public apology to wife Kim Kardashian after marriage revelations	因曝光婚姻隐私，Kanye West 向妻子 Kim Kardashian 公开道歉
Kanye West has apologised to wife Kim Kardashian for going public with a "private matter."	Kanye West 向妻子 Kim Kardashian 道歉，不该把“私事”公之于众。
The rapper revealed during an event in South Carolina that the couple had considered aborting their first child.	在南卡罗莱纳举办的一场活动中，这位说唱歌手透露，夫妇二人曾经考虑过流产他们的第一个孩子。
Following a tumultuous week in which he made a series of claims against his wife and her family, West has now tweeted an apology.	在过去的一周当中，West 频频发表对妻子及其家人的各种不满，目前他已经在推特上公开道歉。
West also reportedly paid a visit to hospital hours after being visited by Justin Bieber at his ranch in Wyoming .	据报道，就在 Justin Bieber 前往 West 位于怀俄明州的牧场探望他之后，West 去医院呆了几个小时。
He said: "I would like to apologise to my wife Kim for going public with something that was a private matter. I did not cover her like she has covered me."	他说：“我要向我的妻子 Kim 道歉，不该将私人的事情公之于众。我没有像她照顾我那样照顾好她。”
"To Kim I want to say I know I hurt you. Please forgive me. Thank you for always being there for me."	“我想对 Kim 说，我知道自己伤害了你。请原谅我。谢谢你一直陪伴在我身边。”
West's erratic tweets including claims his wife had tried to get him locked up by doctors and he made a series of accusations against his mother-in-law, Kris Jenner.	West 曾在推文中称妻子试图将他送进医院关起来，他也针对岳母 Kris Jenner 进行了一系列指责。
He also said he had tried to divorce Kardashian West, who he married in 2014.	他还说自己曾试图与 Kardashian West 离婚（两人于 2014 年结婚）。
Amid fears for her husband's state of mind, Kardashian West, the mother of West's four children, issued a lengthy statement saying she and her family were "powerless" to intervene and reminded fans he has bipolar disorder.	West 四个孩子的母亲——Kardashian West 在担心丈夫精神状态的同时发表了一份冗长的声明，称她和家人“没有能力”进行干预，并提醒歌迷他患有双向情感障碍。
She said: "He is a brilliant but complicated person who on top of the pressures of being an artist and a black man, who experienced the painful loss of his mother, and has to deal with the pressure and isolation that is heightened by his bi-polar disorder."	她说：“他才华横溢但心思复杂，除了要承担身为艺术家和黑人的压力之外，他还经历过失去母亲的痛苦，也不得不承受因为双向情感障碍而加剧的压力和自我封闭。”
She added that she has not discussed his condition before because she is "very protective of our children and Kanye's right to privacy when it comes to his health."	她还补充说自己此前没有提到过他的病情，因为她“非常在意保护我们的孩子以及涉及 Kanye 健康状况的隐私”。
She added: "But today, I feel like I should comment on it because of the stigma and misconceptions about mental health."	她补充说：“但是今天，由于大众对心理健康存在误解，我觉得我应该对此作出说明。”
West made his abortion claims during an event on July 19.	在 7 月 19 日的一次活动中，West 提到曾考虑堕胎。
Man Arrested For Allegedly Killing Alcoholic Brother In Greater Noida: Police	一名涉嫌在大诺伊达杀害其酗酒兄弟的男子被捕警方
A 37-year-old man was arrested on Sunday for allegedly killing his brother, whose body was found dumped in an isolated area a week ago, in Uttar Pradesh's Greater Noida, the police said.	警方称，他们在周日逮捕了一名 37 岁的男子，他涉嫌杀害了自己的兄弟并抛尸于北方邦大诺伊达一处偏僻的区域，尸体于一周前被发现。
The accused told the police he was peeved by his brother's alcoholism and misbehaviour with women members of their joint family, which led him to the crime, according to officials.	有官员称，被告告诉警方，他的兄弟不仅酗酒，还对家庭里的女性成员动手动脚，这令他感到恼火，进而导致他犯罪。
The body of Bhisham Singh, a resident of Bisrakh village in Greater Noida, was found near bushes in an isolated area around a week ago.	约一周前，有人在一处偏僻区域的树丛中发现了 Bhisham Singh 的尸体，死者是大诺伊达 Bisrakh 的一名村民。
The body bore stab marks and an FIR was lodged at the Bisrakh police station and investigation taken up, a police spokesperson said.	警方发言人称，尸体上有刺伤的痕迹，Bisrakh 警局收到了第一信息报告 (FIR) 并启动调查程序。
"During the probe, evidence led the police to the man, who died, his brother Deepak and he was questioned.	警方发言人称，“在调查过程中，我们发现证据指向了死者的兄弟 Deepak，于是我们对其进行了盘问。
When quizzed, Deepak confessed to stabbing his brother to death.	Deepak 在接受盘问时承认，是他将自己的兄弟捅死。
He told the police that Bhisham would frequently consume alcohol, create ruckus at home and misbehave with women family members because of which he decided to kill his brother," the spokesperson said.	他告诉警方，Bhisham 经常喝酒，在家里制造骚乱，还对家庭里的女性成员动手动脚，因此他决定杀死自己的兄弟。”
The accused has been arrested and charged for murder and other related charges, the police said.	警方称，该男子已被逮捕并面临谋杀及其他指控。
Tony Blair vows never to stop meddling in British politics despite severe Brexit backlash	Tony Blair 因反对脱欧遭强烈抵制，发誓将继续干预英国政治
Tony Blair has pledged not to stop intervening in UK politics, following severe backlash to his involvement in the Labour Party and anti-Brexit campaigning.	Tony Blair 与工党来往密切，参与了反对脱欧的活动，并遭到强烈抵制，但是他承诺，他决不会停止干预英国政治。
Mr Blair, who has been out of office for more than ten years, told Sophy Ridge on Sky News that he will "never" stop speaking out in British politics.	已经在野十多年的 Blair 在天空新闻台的节目中告诉 Sophy Ridge，他“决不会”停止谈论英国政治。
However, the controversial political figure acknowledged "a lot of people watching this might think I should stop talking about things."	不过，身为一名具有争议的政治人物，他承认，“很多观众可能认为，我应该停止谈论政治的事情。”
Sophy Ridge told Mr Blair: "I always get the sense you can't wrench yourself away from politics.	Sophy Ridge 告诉 Mr Blair：“我总觉得，你没办法远离政治。
"You are always publishing reports on coronavirus or coming up with arguments on Brexit.	你总是发表有关冠状病毒的报告或讨论脱欧事件。
"I just wonder if people think, why after ten years of being PM, are you still trying to be involved in politics?	我只是在想，大家是否好奇，为什么在卸任首相一职已经十年后，你还在尝试参与政治活动？
"Isn't it time to take some time out, go around the golf course."	现在不正是抽点时间去高尔夫球场转一转的时候吗。”
The former prime minister rejected this and vowed to stay around in UK politics as long as he can.	前首相 Blair 反驳了这种说法，发誓称他有生之年都会关注英国政坛。
He said: "It's not something I want to do. A lot of people watching might think that's exactly what he should do and stop talking about things, but I care about the country."	他说：“那不是我想做的事。很多观众可能觉得我应该那样做，不要再谈论这些事，但我很在乎这个国家。”
"We are at a huge moment of change in the world and the institute I built works around the world.	“我们正处在世界发声巨变的时期，我建立的研究所在世界各地运转。
"I know I've done something that previous prime ministers have not done but in the future I predict many more will try to do."	我知道，我做的一些事情是以前的首相没有做过的，但我认为，未来还会有很多人尝试去做同样的事。”
Earlier in the interview, Mr Blair said that the UK and EU could still land a deal on Brexit before the end of the year.	Blair 在访谈中还说，英国和欧盟仍有望在年底前就脱欧一事达成协议。
He said: "They could land a deal. But even the deal we land is going to be bad."	他说：“他们有望达成协议。即便如此，也不会是什么好的协议。”
"It's essentially going to be good for Europe because it will allow easier trade in goods but very inhibiting for us on the issue of services."	“从本质上来说，达成的协议对欧洲来说有好处，因为这会让货物贸易变得更加容易，但是，在服务方面，这项协议会对我们造成约束。”
The former Labour leader also told Sky News the UK is going to be living with COVID-19, not eliminating it, for the foreseeable future.	作为前工党党魁， Blair 还告诉天空新闻台，在可预见的未来，英国还无法彻底解决新冠疫情的问题，而只能与它共存。
During Tribute To Kargil Heroes, PM Narendra Modi Says Pakistan Tried To "Backstab" India	总理 Narendra Modi 悼念卡吉尔英雄，称巴基斯坦试图在印度“背后捅刀子”
Pakistan tried to "backstab" India despite her attempts to keep friendly relations, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said today in his tribute to the armed forces on the 21st anniversary of Kargil war.	今天是卡吉尔战争 21 周年纪念日，印度总理 Narendra Modi 在悼念武装部队烈士时表示，尽管印度努力想维持友好关系，但巴基斯坦仍然试图在印度“背后捅刀子”。
In his monthly radio address Mann ki Baat, PM Modi said "Pakistan undertook this misadventure with sinister plans to capture India's land and to divert its ongoing internal conflicts."	总理 Modi 在每月一次的广播讲话节目 “Mann ki Baat” 中表示，“巴基斯坦造成了这场灾难，他们制定了阴险的计划来抢夺印度的土地，转移其国内冲突”。
"Pakistan had the audacity of trying to occupy Indian soil and deviate attention from its own internal unrest," he said.	他说：“巴基斯坦厚颜无耻，试图占领印度国土，转移民众对内部动荡的关注。”
"At the time, India was trying for improve relations with Pakistan.	“当时，印度正在努力修复与巴基斯坦的关系。
But as it is said, evil's nature is to fight everyone without reason.	但是，正所谓邪恶的本质就是毫无理由地与所有人作斗争。
People of this nature can only think of doing evil even to those who try to do them good.	有这种本质的人只会作恶，哪怕对方想为他们做点好事。”
That's why Pakistan backstabbed India despite India's attempts at cordial relations," he said.	他说：“这就是为什么巴基斯坦不顾印度为维护关系所做的努力并在背后捅刀子的原因。”
"You can imagine, the enemy was perched high on the mountains while our forces were fighting them from below. But the high morale and true of our forces won against mountains," he added.	他补充道：“想象一下，敌人盘踞在高高的山头，我们的军队却在下面与他们作战。但是，我们高涨的士气和真正的实力帮助我们打赢了山上的敌军。”
"Thanks to the courage of our armed forces, India showed great strength in Kargil," PM Modi said, recalling his own visit to the area.	“我们英勇的武装部队使得印度在卡吉尔一战展示出巨大的力量，”总理 Modi 说道，同时回忆起他到访战区的所见所闻。
Kargil Diwas is celebrated every year, marking the day the Indian Army recaptured all the Indian posts in Ladakh's Kargil that had been occupied by Pakistan's army 21 years ago.	印度每年都会举行活动庆祝卡吉尔胜利，纪念印度陆军夺回拉达克地区卡吉尔所有印度哨所的日子，这些哨所于 21 年前被巴基斯坦军队占领。
On July 26, 1999, the Army had announced the successful culmination of "Operation Vijay."	1999 年 7 月 26 日，印度陆军宣布 “Vijay 行动”圆满收官。
The nearly three-month battle in the icy heights of Ladakh had claimed the lives of more than 500 Indian soldiers.	这场发生在拉达克地区冰雪高地的战争持续了近三个月，导致逾 500 名印度士兵死亡。
Earlier today, defence minister Rajnath Singh, his junior minister Shripad Naik, Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat, Army Chief General M M Naravane, Air Chief Marshal R K S Bhadauria and Navy Chief Admiral Karambir Singh also paid tributes at the Amar Jawan Jyoti at the National War Memorial.	今天早些时候，多位高官和军队领导也前往国家战争纪念馆的“无名战士纪念碑” (Amar Jawan Jyoti) 向烈士致敬，包括国防部长 Rajnath Singh、国防副部长 Shripad Naik、国防参谋长 Bipin Rawat、陆军参谋长 M M Naravane、空军司令 R K S Bhadauria 和海军上将 Karambir Singh。
In the decades since Kargil, India-Pakistan relations have been strained following a series of terror strikes.	卡吉尔战争之后的几十年间，印度和巴基斯坦的关系因一系列恐怖袭击一直处于紧张状态。
India has insisted that talks and terror cannot go hand-in-hand and Pakistan needs to dismantle all the terror camps operating from its soil.	印度坚称，谈判和恐怖袭击不能同时进行，巴基斯坦需要捣毁在其领土范围内活动的所有恐怖分子营地。
Online lenders warn SME loan scheme may miss the mark	网贷机构发出警告：中小企业贷款方案可能无法达成目的
The small business sector, often under-served by the big banks, has increasingly turned to online lenders to meet its funding needs.	小型企业通常得不到大型银行的青睐，因此越来越频繁地通过网贷机构来满足资金需求。
However, Mr Callaghan said online lenders were disadvantaged compared to the big banks because they did not have access to the same lower priced funding and warned as a result the SME guarantee scheme was not gaining traction.	然而，Callaghan 先生称，与大型银行相比，网贷机构并不具备优势，因为它们无法获得同样的低价资金，他还警告说，中小企业担保方案并不受欢迎。
"I think it has probably missed the mark where all the people who call us, call in the expectation they can get very cheap funding rather than the government backing 50 per cent of the loan," he said.	他说：“我认为这个方案很可能无法达成目的，人们给我们打电话，期望从我们这里获得非常便宜的资金，而不是由政府提供一半的贷款金额。”
"So they call and they get very disappointed because the expectation has been put out there that there is discount pricing and we look at our cost of funding which hasn't changed at all."	“所以给我们打电话后，他们感到非常失望，因为有人表示希望拿到折扣价，而我们的融资成本却没有发生任何变化。”
Mr Callaghan added if fintechs were able to access cheaper funding and pass that on to small businesses the scheme would be a "no brainer."	Callaghan 先生补充道，如果金融科技企业有能力获得成本更低的融资，然后将资金转让给小型企业，那么这样一个方案就会“易如反掌”。“
"It's been a bit of a Catch 22 the major banks have got access to the lower cost funding but they are more risk averse so they don't actually go out to lend in the same way, they can't get access to the data and they can't get comfortable unless you have property," he said "Until we can access that cheaper funding I think there is a fiction out in the market on how popular the scheme is going to be."	“这有点进退两难——大型银行能够以较低的成本获得资金，但他们更希望规避风险，因此他们实际上不会以相同的方式出借资金，他们不能访问数据，除非你有财产抵押，否则他们会没有安全感，” 他说，“除非我们能够获得更便宜的资金，否则我认为市场对这一方案的受欢迎程度抱有幻想。”
Melbourne-based Moula is also participating in the scheme and chief executive Aris Allegos said the benefit of the 50 per cent guarantee, implicit in the government scheme, should be passed on to small businesses but different lenders were handling this in different ways.	位于墨尔本的 Moula 也参与了该方案的制定，首席执行官 Aris Allegos 表示，政府方案中暗示的 50% 担保的收益应当让渡给小型企业，但不同的贷款机构会采取不同的处理方式。
"I can understand there might be others who are not passing through that cost structure," he said.	他说：“我能够理解，其他人可能没有经历过这样的成本结构。”
"That might be a function of how their funding is structured and it might be a function also of which categories they are lending into and how they assess risk within those categories."	“这可能关系到他们的资金结构，也可能关系到他们向哪些类别对象发放贷款以及如何评估这些类别的风险。”
Mr Allegos would not provide details of the number of loans Moula had issued under the scheme but said the revamped scheme was "a core recognition of what needed to change" to offer more flexibility to lenders and borrowers.	Allegos 先生不愿意透露 Moula 根据该方案具体发放了多少贷款，但表示修改后的方案“集中反映了需要做出的改变”，从而为借贷双方带来更大的灵活性。
However, he said his major concern was the "two speed economy" that was operating and the impact this would have on small businesses.	但是，他表示自己非常担心正在运行的“双速经济”及其对小型企业的影响。
"The biggest issue Moula has to face and lenders with respect to small businesses is that proverbial cliff and how to manage into that cliff," he said.	他说：“就小型企业而言，Moula 和贷款机构面临的最大问题是大家所说的悬崖以及如何管理悬崖。”
"Generally speaking with respect to demand we have not returned to pre-COVID levels although appetite is growing."	“总体来说，尽管需求有一定增长，但还没有回到新冠疫情之前的水平。”
ASX-listed online lender Prospa also would not detail the amount of loans it had issued under the scheme as it said the information was commercially sensitive but chief executive Greg Moshal said the goverment's extension of the scheme was welcome.	在澳大利亚证券交易所挂牌的网贷机构 Prospa 也不愿透露其根据方案发放的贷款额度，称这些属于商业敏感信息，但首席执行官 Greg Moshal 表示，政府扩展该方案的举措颇受欢迎。
"We support any enhancements to the scheme that will enable small businesses to access a wide range of funding products that meet their requirements, including flexible cash flow products over shorter terms," he said.	他说：“我们支持对该方案做出的各种增强，这些增强措施使得小型企业能够获得满足其需求的各种融资产品，包括灵活的短期现金流产品。”
Virginia Beach takes down Confederate monument	弗吉尼亚海滩市拆除南部同盟纪念碑
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. -- The city of Virginia Beach removed a 115-year-old Confederate monument from public grounds on Saturday, less than two days after the City Council voted unanimously to do so.	弗吉尼亚海滩（弗吉尼亚）——周日，弗吉尼亚海滩市从公共区拆除了一座已有 115 年历史的南部同盟纪念碑。两天前，市议会一致决定对其进行拆除。
Workers took down the 27-foot (8.2-meter) tall monument on Saturday morning, media outlets reported.	据媒体报道，工人于周六早上拆除了这座 27 英尺（8.2 米）高的纪念碑。
It was installed in 1905 and stood outside the old Princess Anne County courthouse, in the same place that slave auctions were once held.	该纪念碑在 1905 年立于原来的安妮公主县法院外，奴隶拍卖会也曾在此进行。
The council voted unanimously Thursday night to begin the removal process.	周四晚，市议会一致决定开展相关拆除工作。
The council had listened to dozens of speakers and decided the monument is viewed by many as divisive and a painful reminder of the past.	市议会听取了几十位发言人的看法，认为该纪念碑对许多人而言意味着分裂，且不断让人想起悲痛的往事。
The statue recently had been completely covered, with a locked gate around it following recent protests and vandalism at other Confederate monuments.	鉴于最近针对其他几座纪念碑发生的抗议和破坏事件，目前这座纪念碑已经被完全遮盖起来，并在周围安置了上锁的大门。
The monument will be stored for now.	该纪念碑将暂时留存。
The city now must wait for any offers from historical groups or other entities that might want to take the monument.	该市现在需要等待愿意处理这座纪念碑的历史组织或其他相关实体的响应。
Police try new, less-lethal tools as protests continue	抗议活动持续，警方尝试使用新型低致命性工具
As violent clashes continue between law enforcement and protesters in Portland and around the country, debate is swirling around how police can cut back on lethal force.	在波特兰以及全国各地，执法人员与示威者之间的暴力冲突不断，围绕如何减少警方使用致命武器的争论甚嚣尘上。
Some companies are stepping up to offer new high-tech tools like remote handcuffs for police to use instead of the more dangerous options like pepper spray, rubber bullets and flash grenades.	一些公司正在加大力度提供警用遥控手铐等新型高科技工具，用来代替胡椒喷雾、橡皮子弹和闪光弹等危险性更高的武器。
Human rights group Amnesty International analyzed 500 videos from protests from May 26 through June 5 and found 125 incidents of excessive force across 40 states and the District of Columbia.	人权组织大赦国际对 5 月 26 日至 6 月 5 日期间抗议活动的 500 个视频进行了分析，在 40 个州和哥伦比亚特区发现了 125 起过度使用武力的情况。
"We saw a misuse of tear gas, pepper spray, pepper balls, 40 millimeter impact rounds, basically every combination of less-lethal weapon being used in inappropriate ways," said Amnesty International weapons investigator Brian Castner.	大赦国际武器调查员 Brian Castner 表示：“我们看到了滥用催泪瓦斯、胡椒喷雾、胡椒球、40 毫米撞击弹的情况，基本上都是以不适当的方式组合使用各种低致命性武器。”
Still, some insist that having options is important for avoiding the need for a firearm.	一部分人仍然坚持这样一个观点——有选择对于避免使用枪支而言十分重要。
"All of these devices should be at hand for the cops to use other than deadly physical force being used by a firearm because it's the only profession in America where the citizens give you the right to take your life," said Corey Pegues, former New York Police Department Deputy Inspector.	前纽约警察局副督察 Corey Pegues 表示：“我们应当为警员提供各种随身装备，而不是使用枪支这样的致命武器，因为警察在美国是唯一一种由公民赋予权力夺取人性命的职业。”
One of the newest tools is called the Bola Wrap, a handheld device that shoots out an 8-foot Kevlar cord that wraps around a suspect.	有一款最新工具叫做套索 (Bola Wrap)，这是一种手持式装备，可以发射长 8 英尺的凯夫拉绳索缠绕住犯罪嫌疑人。
There are Long Range Acoustic Devices, also known as sound canons, directed energy weapons that use lasers to heat a person's skin, new projectiles made from things like foam and chalk, stink bombs, and of course the Taser.	其他新型装备还包括远距离声波设备（也称做声波加农炮）、使用激光加热人体皮肤的定向能量发射武器、由泡沫和白垩粉之类的材料制成的新型炮弹、臭弹以及电击枪。
Shares of Axon, the company that makes the Taser, spiked more than 18%, reaching all-time highs when protests turned violent days after the police killing of George Floyd.	在 George Floyd 被警察杀害后的几天内，抗议活动演变为暴力事件，电击枪制造企业 Axon 的股价上涨超过 18％，创下历史新高。
The market for less-lethal weapons is expected to reach $11.85 billion by 2023.	预计到 2023 年，低致命性武器的市场总额将达到 118.5 亿美元。
Watch the video to get a look at the new high-tech tools police are using for less-lethal force, how they're regulated, and what's at stake for the future of policing and the communities they serve.	观看视频，了解警方使用的新型高科技低致命性工具，了解如何监管这些工具的使用以及它们会给未来的治安维护和社区带来哪些风险。
UN says thousands of anti-Pakistan militants in Afghanistan	联合国称阿富汗驻扎有数千名巴基斯坦叛乱武装分子
ISLAMABAD -- A U.N. report says more than 6,000 Pakistani insurgents are hiding in Afghanistan, most belonging to the outlawed Pakistani Taliban group responsible for attacking Pakistani military and civilian targets.	伊斯兰堡——联合国报告称，有超过 6,000 名巴基斯坦叛乱分子藏匿在阿富汗，其中大多数为非法的巴基斯坦塔利班组织，负责袭击巴基斯坦军用和民用目标。
The report released this week said the group, known as the Tehreek-e-Taliban (TTP), has linked up with the Afghan-based affiliate of the Islamic State group.	根据本周发布的报告，这个被称为 Tehreek-e-Taliban (TTP) 的组织与伊斯兰国 (IS) 组织的阿富汗分支有相关联系。
Some of TTP's members have even joined the IS affiliate, which has its headquarters in eastern Afghanistan.	一些 TTP 的成员甚至加入了基地位于阿富汗东部的隶属于 IS 的组织。
The Afghan government did not respond Sunday to requests by The Associated Press for comment.	周日，阿富汗政府并未回复美联社对相关问题进行评论的请求。
The report said IS in Afghanistan, known as IS in Khorasan province, has been hit hard by Afghan security forces as well as U.S. and NATO forces, and even on occasion by the Afghan Taliban.	据报道称，阿富汗境内的 IS （即霍拉桑省 IS）受到阿富汗安全部队以及美国和北约部队的重创，有时还会遭受阿富汗塔利班的的袭击。
The report was prepared by the U.N. analytical and sanctions monitoring team, which tracks terrorist groups around the world.	该报告由分析支持和制裁监测小组撰写，该小组负责追踪世界各地的恐怖组织。
The report estimated the membership of IS in Afghanistan at 2,200, and while its leadership has been depleted, IS still counts among its leaders a Syrian national Abu Said Mohammad al-Khorasani.	报告估计，阿富汗的 IS 组织成员有 2,200 人，尽管其领导层被削弱，但该组织仍将一名叙利亚公民——Abu Said Mohammad al-Khorasani——视为头领之一。
The report also said the monitoring team had received information that two senior Islamic State commanders, Abu Qutaibah and Abu Hajar al-Iraqi, had recently arrived in Afghanistan from the Middle East.	报告还提到，监测小组有消息称两名 IS 高级指挥官 Abu Qutaibah 和 Abu Hajar al-Iraqi 从中东抵达阿富汗。
"Although in territorial retreat, (the Islamic State) remains capable of carrying out high-profile attacks in various parts of the country, including Kabul.	报告写道，“IS 占领的领土虽然在减少，但他们仍然有能力在该国包括喀布尔在内的各个地区造成一定规模的袭击。
It also aims to attract Taliban fighters who oppose the agreement with the United States," the report said, referring to a U.S. peace deal signed with the Taliban in February.	该组织还想要拉拢反对同美国签署协议的塔利班战士”。此处的协议指美国在二月份与塔利班签署的和平协议。
That deal was struck to allow the U.S. to end its 19-year involvement in Afghanistan, and calls on the Taliban to guarantee its territory will not be used by terrorist groups.	这项协议的目的是为了让美国得以结束其在阿富汗 19 年之久的战争，并希望塔利班保证其领土不会被恐怖组织使用。
The deal is also expected to guarantee the Taliban's all-out participation in the fight against IS.	预计该协议还将确保塔利班全力投入到打击 IS 的战斗中。
The second and perhaps most critical part of the agreement calls for talks between the Taliban and Kabul's political leadership.	协议第二部分——可能也是最重要的部分——则呼吁塔利班和喀布尔的政治领袖进行会谈。
Late Saturday, the U.S. State Department issued a statement saying its peace envoy Zalmay Khalilzad was again shuttling through the region seeking to jump start those negotiations, which have been repeatedly postponed as both sides squabble over a prisoner release program.	周六晚些时候，美国国务院发表声明，称其和平特使 Zalmay Khalilzad 仍忙碌奔波于该地区，试图推动因双方在囚犯释放计划上的争执而一再推迟的谈判事宜。
The U.S.-backed deal calls for the Afghan government to release 5,000 Taliban prisoners and the Taliban to free 1,000 government and military personnel as a so-called good will gesture ahead of talks.	这项美国支持的协议呼吁阿富汗政府释放 5,000 名塔利班囚犯，相应地，塔利班则需释放 1,000 名政府和军方人员，作为双方谈判前抛出的橄榄枝。
Until now the government is refusing to release nearly 600 Taliban prisoners it calls high-profile criminals and has offered to free alternatives.	目前，阿富汗政府拒绝释放其中约 600 名塔利班囚犯，并称之为高调犯罪者，但提议仅释放剩余的囚犯。
The Taliban have refused.	塔利班方面则拒绝了政府的提议。
"The parties are closer than ever to the start of intra-Afghan negotiations, the key next step to ending Afghanistan's 40-year long war," said the U.S. State Department statement.	“这是历史上双方最接近开展内部谈判的一次机会，亦是结束 40 年之久阿富汗战争的下一步关键举措”，美国国务院表示，
"Although significant progress has been made on prisoner exchanges, the issue requires additional effort to fully resolve."	“虽然在交换囚犯方面取得了重要进展，但仍然需要进一步的努力才能解决问题。”
The Taliban's political spokesman earlier this week said it was ready to hold talks with Kabul's political leaders after the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha at the end of the month, providing the prisoner release is completed.	本周早些时候，塔利班的政治发言人表示，塔利班计划在月底古尔邦节（伊斯兰节日）结束后与喀布尔的政治领袖举行会谈，但前提是先要完成囚犯释放工作。
A big worry for Pakistan is the presence in Afghanistan of militants, particularly linked to the TTP or Jamaat-ul-Ahrar or Lashkar-e-Islam, as well as those with the Baluchistan Liberation Army, which has taken responsibility for high-profile attacks this month in the southern Sindh province as well as in southwestern Baluchistan Province.	最令巴基斯坦担忧的问题就是阿富汗境内的武装分子，尤其是与 TTP、Jamaat-ul-Ahrar、Lashkar-e-Islam 或俾路支解放军有关联的武装分子，俾路支解放军在该月对信德省南部及俾路支省西南部发动了规模袭击。
Several Pakistan military personnel have been killed this month in southwestern Baluchistan province in battle with insurgents.	多名巴基斯坦军人在俾路支省西南部与武装分子的交战中牺牲。
The TTP took responsibility for one of the most horrific attacks in Pakistan in 2014, when a Pakistani army school was attacked and 140 were killed.	TTP 组织在 2014 年对巴基斯坦发动了极为恐怖的一次袭击，导致巴基斯坦陆军学院 140 人死亡，
Most were students, and some were as young as 5.	其中多数为学生，有的年仅 5 岁。
"The total number of Pakistani foreign terrorist fighters in Afghanistan, posing a threat to both countries, is estimated at between 6,000 and 6,500, most of them with TTP," the report said.	报告称，“驻扎在阿富汗的巴基斯坦境外恐怖势力威胁着两个国家的安全，粗略估计其人数为 6,000 至 6,500 人，其中大多数为 TTP 组织成员”。
Top British bank HSBC denies "setting up trap" for China's Huawei in US investigations - RT Business News	英国最大银行汇丰银行否认在美国调查中对中国企业华为“设陷阱”——RT 电视台商业新闻
London-headquartered multinational bank HSBC took to social media to say it was not, as Chinese media claimed, "fabricating evidence" against Huawei, which led to the arrest of the company's chief financial officer in Canada.	总部位于伦敦的跨国银行汇丰银行（HSBC）通过社交媒体表示，该行没有像中国媒体报道的那样针对华为“捏造证据”，导致华为首席财务官在加拿大被捕。
In a now-unavailable post on WeChat, the lender said that its actions did not trigger US investigations into the world's largest supplier of telecommunications network equipment, as the scrutiny of Huawei for allegedly violating US sanctions on Iran began well before the bank's involvement in late 2016.	一篇现已不可见的微信文章中写道，银行表示他们的行为并没有引发美国对这家全球最大的电信网络设备供应商展开调查，因为对华为涉嫌违反美国对伊朗制裁的审查早在银行介入之前的 2016 年下半年就已经开始。
"HSBC does not have any hostility towards Huawei and did not "frame" Huawei," the bank said on Saturday, adding that it would never distort any facts about its clients.	银行于周六表示，“汇丰银行对华为没有任何敌意，不存在‘构陷’华为”的情况，并补充说绝不会扭曲有关客户的任何事实。
"In response to US DOJ's [US Justice Department] requests for information, HSBC Group simply presented the objective facts.	“为了对美国司法部（US DOJ）要求提供的信息做出回应，汇丰集团只是陈述了客观事实。
HSBC did not "fabricate" evidence or "hide" facts."	汇丰银行既没有‘捏造’证据，也没有‘掩盖’事实。”
The post has been blocked on the platform with a note that it "violates regulations" and is not available now.	平台屏蔽了这篇文章，提示其“违反规定”，目前已经看不到文章内容。
The statement comes shortly after multiple Chinese media outlets, including state-linked newspapers, accused HSBC of "conspiring" with Washington to set a trap for Huawei.	在多家中国媒体（包括有政府背景的报社）指责汇丰银行与华盛顿“密谋串通”为华为设下陷阱后，汇丰银行迅速作出这一说明。
The company has been at the epicenter of a diplomatic scandal for more than a year and a half since Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou was arrested in December 2018 in Canada on a warrant from the US.	2018 年 12 月，加拿大警方应美国相关部门要求拘捕华为首席财务官孟晚舟，此后一年半的时间里，这家公司一直是外交新闻的焦点。
Meng faces fraud charges for allegedly using a shell company to violate sanctions against Iran and allegedly lying to banks about the link between Huawei and Iranian company Skycom.	孟晚舟涉嫌利用空壳公司违反对伊朗的制裁，并且向银行隐瞒华为与伊朗公司 Skycom 之间的关系，因而面临欺诈指控。
According new evidence cited by the Global Times, HSBC was well aware of the Chinese company's relationship with Skycom.	《环球时报》援引的新证据显示，汇丰银行此前非常清楚这家中国公司与 Skycom 之间的关系。
The bank reportedly opted to "collude" with the US government to escape more severe punishment in 2012, when the bank had to admit to money laundering and sanctions violations, including restrictions on Iran.	据报道，该行选择与美国政府“勾结”，为的是逃避在 2012 年受到的更严厉的处罚，当年汇丰银行被迫承认洗钱和违反制裁，其中就包括对伊朗的禁令。
It was ordered at the time to pay around $1.9 billion in penalties and to prevent any similar misconduct.	当时该行被勒令缴纳约 19 亿美元罚金，并需要采取措施防范类似不当行为。
"The evidence indicated that HSBC understood this relationship but intentionally sold out its customer's confidential business documents to the US side so that the US government could overlook the British bank's own misconduct and not punish it under the 2012 Deferred Prosecution Agreement," the newspaper said in one of its articles on the matter.	在一篇针对此事件的文章中该报写道：“有证据表明，汇丰银行清楚地知道这一层关系，但刻意将客户的机密商业文件出售给美方，为的就是让美国政府忽略这家英国银行自身的不当行为，逃避根据 2012《暂缓起诉协议》应受的处罚。”
In a veiled warning, the Beijing-controlled newspaper added that the lender, if proven to be guilty of this "collusion," could face "harsh punishment" in China, one of the major markets for HSBC.	这份由中国政府控制的报纸在公开警告中补充表示，如果证实银行存在“勾结”行为，可能会在中国（汇丰的主要市场之一）对其施以“严厉处罚”。
It is not the first time the renowned bank has come under fire in recent weeks.	最近几周，这家知名银行已多次受到责难。
Last month, HSBC was lambasted for supporting the new national security law for Hong Kong, the city where its business started and which accounts for over half of its profits.	上个月，汇丰银行因支持在香港实施新国家安全法而受到抨击，香港是汇丰的业务发源地，贡献了一半以上的利润。
The bank faced criticism from both sides - from the West, with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo calling the endorsement a "corporate kowtow," and the East, with the Chinese side reportedly saying that its support was "belated."	汇丰银行陷入了两面不讨好的窘境：在西方，美国国务卿 Mike Pompeo 称其“卑躬屈膝”；在东方，中国媒体则表示其支持“姗姗来迟”。
Angola: Pedalé Hospital Assigned to Health Ministry	安哥拉：Pedalé 医院移交卫生部监管
Luanda - The President of the Republic, João Lourenço, determined this Friday the transfer of the supervision of the Pedro Maria Tonha Pedalé Hospital, under construction in Luanda, to the sphere of the Ministry of Health.	罗安达——共和国总统 João Lourenço 于本周五决定，将位于罗安达正在建设中的 Pedro Maria Tonha Pedalé 医院的监管权移交卫生部。
In a note, the Press Office of the President of the Republic informs that the measure aims to materialize the Government principle of construction and expansion of the network of public hospitals to ensure better medical care and medication to the population.	共和国总统新闻办公室在一份声明文件中表示，此举旨在落实政府的建设原则，扩大医院网络，确保公众得到更好的医疗和药品服务。
"In this specific case, the idea is to make available to Angolans a reference hospital, differentiated and equipped with modern technology and high precision in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of high complexity," the document reads.	文件还提到，“在当前特殊情况下，该措施使得安哥拉人民能够拥有一家差异化的具有参考价值的医院，它配备有现代技术和用于诊断及治疗复杂疾病的精密仪器。”
It stresses that the decision of the Angolan Head of State also takes into account the demographic growth of the country, which has motivated a "huge demand" for quality health services in the most diverse specialties.	文中强调，安哥拉总统的决定也考虑到了该国人口的增长，这推动了人们对最为多样化的高质量保健服务的“庞大需求”。
This demand, the note continues, justifies with the inclusion in the hospital specialized for the treatment of complex diseases, teaching and research, interventions related to ophthalmology and maternal-infant medicine, areas whose strategy and management deserve to be under the responsibility of the Ministry of Health.	文件还指出，这一需求十分合理，因为医院囊括了与眼科和母婴医学相关的复杂疾病治疗、教学研究和干预，而这些领域的策略和管理理应属于卫生部的责任范畴。
Algeria: Mahmoud Guemama's Death - Algeria Loses a Patriot, Committed Militant, Says President Tebboune.	阿尔及利亚：Tebboune 总统哀悼 Mahmoud Ghamama——阿尔及利亚痛失一位爱国者，一名坚定的战士。
Algiers - President of the Republic, Abdelmadjid Tebboune, sent a message of condolences to members of the People's National Assembly (APN), Mujahed Mahmoud Guemama, who died Friday, in which he said that Algeria "has lost a patriot and a militant committed to the causes of his people and his nation."	阿尔及尔——共和国总统 Abdelmadjid Tebboune 向于周五逝世的全国人民议会议员 Mujahed Mahmoud Guemama 表示哀悼，并表示阿尔及利亚“痛失一位爱国者，一名投身于人民和祖国大业的战士”。
Algeria loses today, by the death of Mujahed Mahmoud Guemama, a patriot and a militant committed to the causes of his people and his nation, a man who has never wavered and whose determination remained intact from the moment he took up arms, alongside his valiant Mujahedeen brothers, until his last breath on this sad day when we can only resign ourselves to God's will," President Tebboune wrote in his message of condolence.	Tebboune 总统在吊唁信中写道：“今天，Mujahed Mahmoud Guemama 离开了，阿尔及利亚痛失一位爱国者，一名投身于人民和祖国大业的战士，他从拿起武器的那一刻起就未曾动摇过，他的决心坚定不移，他与英勇的圣战者兄弟们并肩奋战，直到他在这个令我们悲痛万分的日子里咽下最后一口气，而我们只能尊听主的旨意。”
"The late Mahmoud Guemama, peace be upon him, belonged to a unique generation of faithful patriotic militants who sacrificed themselves for their homeland," added President of the Republic.	“已故的 Mahmoud Guemama——愿他安息——生于特别的一代，他们是充满信念、为国捐躯的爱国战士。”
"The deceased devoted his life to the liberation of Algeria from the torments of abject colonialism, by joining the ranks of the Revolution in the prime of life in 1960 in the Tahart training camp of the historic wilaya VI."	“1960 年，他们在生命最辉煌的时期加入了 Wilaya VI 的 Tahart 训练营，加入了革命的队列，从卑劣的殖民主义魔爪中解放了阿尔及利亚，献出了自己的生命。”
"The late President is known to all for his proven militancy and his commitment to anchoring the image of a prosperous and united Algeria," said President Tebboune.	“这位已故的领导人具有战斗精神，投身于建设一个团结繁荣的阿尔及利亚，他的名字也因此家喻户晓。”
"In the far south, the late Mahmoud Guemama enjoys great renown as a mediator, intervening to reconcile brothers in the same country whenever the fire of discord is kindled," added the President in his message.	总统补充道：“在遥远的南方地区，Mahmoud Guemama 是备受敬仰的调解者，一旦不和的火花被擦亮，他便置身其中，帮助同胞们达成和解。”
"All these qualities and values earned the late Mahmoud Guemama the respect and trust of the people of Tamanrasset who chose him to represent them in the People's National Assembly (APN) for several terms, during which he was the ambassador and defender of the concerns of the region and the aspirations of its people, and even the representative and spokesman of all Algerians," wrote the President of the Republic.	“这些品质和价值观让 Mahmoud Guemama 赢得了塔曼拉塞特人民的尊重和信任，推举他在全国人民议会中担任多个任期的人民代表，它是该地区人民关心的问题和人民意愿的大使和捍卫者，也是所有阿尔及利亚人民的代言人。”
"All expressions of condolence will not be enough to pay tribute to the mujahed Mahmoud Guemama, peace be upon him.	“没有任何吊唁足以歌颂 Mujahed Mahmoud Guemama，愿他安息。
He is leaving us today at a time when Algeria needs him," said the President.	今天，他在阿尔及利亚最需要他的时刻离开了我们”，总统说。
"I pray to Almighty God to surround the deceased with His Holy Mercy, to welcome him in His vast paradise alongside the shuhadaa and virtuous.	最后，Tebboune 总统说：“我向全能的真主祷告，让逝者沐浴在您圣洁慈悲的光芒中，在无垠的天堂，与 shuhadaa 和贤者们一同迎接他的到来。
I also pray to God to lend his family and loved ones patience and comfort...there is no strength or power except in God," the President of the Republic concluded.	我祈求真主给予他的家人和爱人耐心与慰藉......唯有您有无上的力量。”
Coronavirus Travel Update: Which Countries Have Travel Restriction for Bulgarians Upon Entry	新冠疫情旅行指南：对保加利亚旅客实施入境限制的国家
The number of countries imposing travel restrictions is growing. As of this week, the Czech Republic wants coronavirus tests for Bulgarian seasonal workers. Denmark allows Bulgarians on its territory only if they have an address registration there, an employment contract or a document certifying a business trip.	实行旅行限制的国家越来越多。从本周开始，捷克共和国希望对保加利亚季节工进行新冠病毒检测。丹麦规定，只有在该国登记了住所、拥有雇佣合同或商务旅行证明文件的保加利亚公民才能入境。
As of today, people who have visited Bulgaria and Romania in the last 14 days are subject to mandatory quarantine in Italy. In Finland, entry is only for a "valid reason."	从今天开始，在过去 14 天内到访过保加利亚和罗马尼亚的人必须在意大利接受强制隔离。芬兰只接受有“正当理由”的入境旅客。
Mandatory home quarantine in Austria, despite a negative PCR test. This is already required for those entering Germany. For the next 14 days, access to southern Romania was denied without good reason. And Greece has tightened measures even more along its land borders.	奥地利规定，即使 PCR 测试结果为阴性，也需要接受强制性居家隔离。德国对入境人员也实施了相同的政策。在未来 14 天，如果没有充分的理由，不得进入罗马尼亚南部。希腊在其陆地边境采取了更严格的措施。
From Tuesday, those traveling by plane from Bulgaria to Greece will have to present to the Greek border authorities a negative result from a PCR test for coronavirus, performed up to 72 hours before their entry into our southern neighbor, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced.	外交部宣布，自周二起，从保加利亚飞抵希腊的人员必须向希腊边境机构出示新冠病毒 PCR 测试阴性证明，测试需要在进入希腊南部邻国之前的 72 小时内完成。
They added that only passengers who have a certificate for such a test will be allowed in the country. It must be issued in English and contain the three names and numbers of the passenger's passport or identity card. The authorities in our southern neighbor will not accept certificates that do not meet these requirements	他们还宣布，旅客必须持有相应的测试证明才允许入境。证明必须以英文出具，包含旅客护照或身份证上的对应的三个名字和编号。如果证明不符合以上要求，南部邻国当局则不会接受。
"Travelers should be tested in the laboratory by RT-PCR by taking secretions from the mouth or nose. Tests for coronavirus will be recognized if they are performed in national reference laboratories, national health laboratories or private laboratories that are accredited by the relevant national accreditation bodies (not necessarily specifically for COVID-19).	“旅客需通过提取口/鼻分泌物的方式在实验室完成 RT-PCR 测试。接受的测试结果包括在国家参考实验室、国家卫生实验室或得到相关国家认证机构认证的私人实验室（不一定是专门针对新冠病毒实验室）进行新冠病毒测试后得到的结果。
The measure does not apply to Greek citizens, citizens residing in Greece and travelers for significant professional reasons.	希腊公民、定居希腊的公民以及有重大专业原因的旅客不适用该措施。
The Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs also announced that on Tuesday, July 28, and Wednesday, July 29, passengers who did not have time to be tested before their trip will be tested by the competent Greek authorities upon arrival in Greece.	希腊外交部还宣布，7 月 28 日（星期二）和 7 月 29 日（星期三）抵达希腊的旅客，如果在出发之前没有来得及进行测试，将在抵达后由希腊当局进行检测。
The requirement for citizens traveling by plane to Greece to fill in at least 24 hours in advance an electronic Passenger Location Form (PLF) generating a QR code, which they present to the Greek authorities upon entering the country, remains in force. More information is published on travel.gov.gr	下列要求依然有效：搭乘飞机前往希腊的旅客必须提前至少 24 小时填写电子版《旅客定位表》（PLF）生成二维码，并在抵达希腊境内后向希腊当局提交该表格。更多信息参见 travel.gov.gr
At the moment there is no change in the requirements for crossing the land borders between Bulgaria and Greece. "Travelers to Greece across the land border, regardless of their citizenship, must also fill in an electronic passenger localization form (PLF) generating a QR code at least 24 hours before arrival," the Foreign Ministry explained.	目前，针对往返保加利亚与希腊之间陆地边境的要求没有变化。外交部解释称，“穿越陆地边境进入希腊的旅客，无论国籍，均需在抵达前至少 24 小时填写电子版《旅客定位表》（PLF）生成二维码。”
The closure of the Ilinden, Kapitan Petko Voyvoda and Makaza checkpoints has increased traffic across the border near Petrich. There are no problems with the transition. There are no queues of trucks. All those waiting go to sea in Greece. Travelers wait about an hour and a half to cross the Tower.	关闭 Ilinden、Kapitan Petko Voyvoda 和 Makaza 检查站导致 Petrich 附近边境的交通流量增加。过境不存在问题，没有卡车排队现象。这些人都等着从希腊出海。旅客需等待大约一个半小时才能过境。
Three of the points on the Bulgarian-Greek border are working. Only "Ilinden - Exohi" and this part of Ivaylovgrad are closed.	保加利亚与希腊边境有三座检查站开放。目前只有 “Ilinden - Exohi” 和 Ivaylovgrad 的这一段关闭。
Dominic Cummings is held hostage by the SAS... on base tour	Dominic Cummings 到访 SAS 基地，被扣为“人质”
PM's chief adviser underwent the experience last week during a tour of the base	首相首席顾问上周在参观基地时体验了一把被扣为“人质”的滋味
The idea of Dominic Cummings being held hostage with rifles pointed at his head might be one for some harassed civil servants to secretly savour.	对于某些被骚扰过的公务员来说，用枪指着 Dominic Cummings 的头将其扣为人质这种想法可能别有一番风味。
But the Prime Minister's uncompromising chief adviser underwent just this experience last week during a tour of the SAS headquarters, Stirling Lines.	态度强硬的首相首席顾问上周到访 SAS 总部斯特林防线的时候，就亲身体验了一下个中滋味。
The Mail on Sunday can reveal that part of his visit on Wednesday involved a trip to the "Killing House" where elite soldiers hone their skills on tackling terrorists.	《星期日邮报》透露出，他周三的部分行程包括参观“室内反恐训练屋”，精锐士兵在这样的地方磨练对付恐怖分子的技巧。
The guided tour of the Hereford base also included an inspection of the regiment's military hardware and a briefing on recent operations, including efforts to eliminate Islamic State terrorists in Iraq.	他还在引导下参观了赫里福德基地，检查了该军团的军事装备，听取了有关近期行动的简报，包括为清除伊拉克的伊斯兰国恐怖分子所做的努力。
High-profile visitors to Stirling Lines are offered an unusual welcome - a turn in the "Killing House," a two-storey building where the SAS practise close-quarter fighting.	斯特林防线的重要访客都受到了特别的欢迎——体验一下“室内反恐训练屋”，SAS 在这座两层楼的建筑中练习近身格斗。
Previous guests include Princess Diana, whose hair caught fire thanks to a spark from a grenade thrown during an exercise in 1983.	戴安娜王妃也曾到访过这里，在 1983 年的一次训练中，她的秀发不慎被投出的手榴弹的火花点着。
It is understood that Mr Cummings arrived at the base - named in honour of the regiment's founder, Colonel David Stirling - by helicopter.	据了解，Cummings 先生乘坐直升飞机抵达，基地以军团创始人 David Stirling 上校的名字命名。
He also visited the neighbouring Pontrilas Army Training Area where other top-secret units are based.	他还参观了邻近的 Pontrilas 军训区，该区驻扎了其他几个绝密单位。
The visit was part of his tour of Britain's highly classified UK security installations that has raised eyebrows among politicians and military chiefs.	此次参观是他巡访高度保密的英国安全设施当中的一站，巡访引起了政界人士和军方领导的​​关注。
When news of his plans emerged earlier this month, Tobias Ellwood, a Tory backbencher and chair of the Commons Select Defence Committe, said MPs should be given the same opportunity to question him about defence and security matters as they are afforded for Ministers and civil servants.	有关其计划的消息于本月早些时候传出时，保守党后座议员、下议院国防特别委员会主席 Tobias Ellwood 表示，国会议员应当获得与部长和公务员一样的机会，向他询问国防和安全事务。
Special advisers, who are appointed by politicians, are rarely required to give evidence to select committees.	特别委员会要求政界人士任命的特别顾问提供证词的情况很少见。
It is understood that senior SAS officers used Wednesday's event to stress the importance of maintaining the number of personnel in the Royal Marines and the Parachute Regiment.	据了解，SAS 高级官员利用周三的活动来凸显维持皇家海军陆战队和空降兵团人数的重要性。
It has been reported that these units, which provide the majority of Special Forces troops, could shrink or be merged to save money.	据此前报道，为节省开支，这些为特种部队输送了大量人员的单位有可能会缩编或合并。
"More than half the soldiers in the 250-man SAS were previously Paras while the even smaller Special Boat Service (SBS) couldn't continue without the support of the Royal Marines," said a defence source.	一位国防消息人士称：“SAS 由 250 名士兵组成，一半以上此前是空降兵，特别舟艇中队（SBS）的规模更小，如果没有皇家海军陆战队的支持，可能难以延续。”
"So Cummings was told that these units must be preserved in their entirety."	“Cummings 被告知必须完整保留这些单位。”
Mr Cummings, who has complained that military procurement "has continued to squander billions of pounds," recently attended meetings at the headquarters of MI5 and MI6 and is also planning to visit the SBS's headquarters in Poole, Dorset, along with the Government's top secret laboratories at Porton Down in Wiltshire.	Cummings 先生曾经抱怨军事采购“继续在让几十亿英镑打水漂”，他最近出席了在 MI5 和 MI6 总部召开的会议，也有计划参观位于多塞特郡普尔市的 SBS 总部以及位于威尔特郡波顿唐的国家绝密实验室。
Last night, the Ministry of Defence did not respond to a request for comment.	国防部昨晚没有对置评请求做出回应。
"Sunday Morning" Matinee: Celebrating Rodgers & Hart	《周日早晨》日场：致敬 Rodgers 和 Hart
2020 marks the centenary of the Broadway debut of the first professional collaboration by one of musical theater's most legendary duos, Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart.	2020 年是百老汇最具传奇色彩的音乐剧二人组之一 Richard Rodgers 和 Lorenz Hart 搭档首秀一百周年。
To honor their songwriting legacy, Broadway stars Jelani Alladin ("Frozen," "Hercules") and Christiani Pitts ("King Kong," "A Bronx Tale"), along with dancer Richard Riaz Yoder ("Hello, Dolly!," "Shuffle Along"), present a modern take on the Rodgers & Hart standard "The Lady Is a Tramp," recorded especially for the "Sunday Morning" audience.	为了向这二位歌曲创作人致敬，百老汇明星 Jelani Alladin（《冰雪奇缘》、《大力神》）和 Christiani Pitts（《金刚》、《四海情深》）以及舞蹈演员 Richard Riaz Yoder（《我爱红娘》、《Shuffle Along》）在 Rodgers 和 Hart 原作品基础上共同演绎了一场现代风格的——《流浪女郎》，这也是为《周日早晨》的观众特别录制的节目。
Music direction and arrangements by drummer Bryan Carter, who performs alongside bassist Russell Hall.	鼓手 Bryan Carter 负责演出的音乐指导和编排，同台表演的还有贝斯手 Russell Hall。
Firefighters gain ground on Lassen County blazes	美国加州拉森县山火得到控制
Firefighters are gaining ground against two wildfires that have burned more than 30,000 acres in Lassen County, northeast of Sacramento.	位于美国加州萨克拉门托县东北部的拉森县日前爆发了两场山火，过火面积已超 12,141 公顷，目前消防员仍在奋力扑救。
The Gold fire, which started south of Adin, is 40% contained as it continues to threaten homes and ranches as well as agriculture, livestock and timber operations, Cal Fire officials said in an update Saturday morning.	加州消防部门表示，截至周六早上，阿丁地区南部爆发的 “Gold” 山火仅有 40% 得到控制，仍有大量房屋和牧场面临大火威胁，可能对当地农业、畜牧业及木业造成极大影响。
After burning for four days, the fire has chewed through 21,000 acres, destroyed seven homes and sent two firefighters to the hospital.	火势已持续四天，烧毁约 8,498 公顷土地和七所房屋，并造成两名消防员受伤送医。
Overnight, firefighters took advantage of milder conditions to build and reinforce control lines.	消防员连夜利用有限条件打通防火线并进行加固。
But gusty winds and low humidity are expected through Saturday.	但据天气预报显示，当日为大风、低湿度天气。
West of Susanville, a smaller fire known as the Hog fire has destroyed two structures and consumed about 10,000 acres.	苏珊维尔西部爆发的 “Hog” 山火已烧毁两栋建筑和约 4,047 公顷土地。
The fire settled down overnight as firefighters worked to mop up and strengthen control lines, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.	加州森林及防火局表示，经消防员彻夜打通和加固防火线，火势已得到控制。
By Saturday morning, it was 45% contained and had been burning for six days.	截至周六早上，山火已持续六天，45% 的火势得以控制。
In the daytime heat, with temperatures above 90 degrees in the Susanville area, smoldering patches were at risk of flaring up.	由于苏珊维尔地区日间气温超 32.2 摄氏度，部分地块存在阴燃风险。
While some residents are being allowed to return to their homes, some areas in both fire zones remain under mandatory evacuation orders.	虽然部分居民可陆续返家，但两个火场仍有部分区域受强制疏散令管控。
The two firefighters injured in the Gold fire have been released from the hospital.	在 “Gold” 山火救援行动中受伤的两名消防员已平安出院。
Scotland-England Union Chain Bridge is 200 years old	苏格兰-英格兰联合链桥历经 200 年岁月
A bridge linking Scotland and England has turned 200 years old ahead of a £10m renovation.	连接苏格兰和英格兰的一座大桥如今已有 200 年历史，并且，将有 1,000 万英镑的资金投入到其整修工作中。
The Union Chain Bridge crosses the River Tweed from Fishwick in the Scottish Borders to Horncliffe in Northumberland.	这座联合链桥横跨特威德河，连接苏格兰边境的菲什威克和诺森伯兰郡的霍恩克利夫。
When it opened in 1820, it was the longest wrought iron suspension bridge in the world with a span of 449ft (137m).	这座桥于 1820 年投入使用，跨距长达 449 英尺（137 米），是当时世界上最长的锻铁吊桥，
It was also the first vehicular bridge of its type in the UK.	同时也是英国第一座该类型的行车桥。
The bridge was designed by English Royal Navy officer Capt Samuel Brown.	这座桥由英国皇家海军军官 Samuel Brown 上校设计。
He patented and produced wrought iron chains after being affected by the loss of Royal Naval ships which had broken free from ropes.	由于曾因船体挣脱绳索损失过多艘军舰，因此，他制造出锻铁链并申请了专利。
Friends of the Union Chain Bridge and the Institution of Civil Engineers (Ice) Scotland have been marking the crossing's bicentennial.	联合链桥之友组织 (Friends of the Union Chain Bridge) 和苏格兰土木工程师协会 (ICE) 正在庆祝它的两百周年纪念日。
Robert Hunter, of the friends group, said: "This is truly one of the most historic bridges in the world and a fascinating piece of engineering.	联合链桥之友组织的 Robert Hunter 表示：“这座桥是名副其实的世界上历史最悠久的大桥之一，同时也是一项了不起的工程。
"We had planned a number of celebrations to mark the occasion, but unfortunately they have had to be postponed.	我们原本计划了多项庆祝活动来纪念这一时刻，但目前不得不推迟。
"However, the fact that work is shortly going to begin on the £10m renovation is the best birthday present possible and will ensure generations to come will be able to enjoy the bridge in all its splendour."	但不管怎么说，即将展开的 1,000 万英镑的整修工程或许才是最好的‘生日礼物’，而且这让之后的几代人都能经历它的辉煌。”
Ice Scotland director Hannah Smith described the bridge as an "often-overlooked" part of Scotland's engineering heritage.	土木工程师协会主席 Hannah Smith 认为这座桥是苏格兰工程遗产中常常被忽略的部分。
She said: "We know it is renowned the world over and it is fantastic that work will shortly commence on its renovation."	她说：“我们都知道它享誉世界，而且最棒的是，相关的整修工作很快就会展开”。
North Korea declares state of emergency as Covid-19 case reported	朝鲜开成发现新冠疑似病例并实施紧急状态
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un convened an emergency politburo meeting after a person suspected of having Covid-19 returned from South Korea after illegally crossing the border this month, state media said on Sunday.	据朝中社周日报道，朝鲜领导人 Kim Jong-un 出席并主持政治局紧急扩大会议，宣布在开成实施紧急状态，此前一名疑似感染新冠肺炎的人员从韩国偷越国境进入朝鲜。
If confirmed, it would be the first case officially acknowledged by North Korean authorities, who have so far said the country has no confirmed cases of coronavirus.	若被确诊，这将是自新冠疫情暴发后朝鲜官方确认的首例病例，此前，据朝鲜官方说法，未在该国境内发现感染病例。
Kim declared a state of emergency and imposed a lockdown on the border city of Kaesong, calling it a "critical situation in which the vicious virus could be said to have entered the country," state news agency KCNA reported.	据国家通讯社朝中社报道，Kim 获悉情况后下令封锁了开城市，宣布在该地区实施紧急状态，并称之为“可以猜测该传染性极高的病毒已进入朝鲜境内的危急情况”。
According to KCNA, a person who defected to South Korea three years ago returned across the fortified border that divides the two Koreas with symptoms that suggested Covid-19.	报道指出，一名三年前逃往韩国的“脱北者”非法越过朝韩边境返回朝鲜，经检查发现该非法越境者疑似感染新冠病毒。
"An emergency event happened in Kaesong city where a runaway who went to the south three years ago, a person who is suspected to have been infected with the vicious virus returned on 19 July after illegally crossing the demarcation line," KCNA said.	朝中社报道称：“开成市发生紧急情况，一名三年前逃往韩国的“脱北者”于 7月 19 日非法越过朝韩边境返回该市，此人疑似已感染新冠病毒。”
KCNA did not specifically mention whether the individual had been tested, but said an "uncertain result was made from several medical check-ups of the secretion of that person's upper respiratory organ and blood," prompting officials to quarantine the person and investigate anyone he may have been in contact with.	朝中社的报道并未提到是否对此人进行了检测，只是说“经多次检查此人的上呼吸道分泌物和血液，结果判断其为新冠肺炎疑似病例”，相关报道还呼吁防疫机关对该越境者采取隔离措施，并追踪与其接触过的所有人员。
North Korea has received thousands of coronavirus testing kits from Russia and other countries, and imposed strict border closures.	自疫情以来，朝鲜已收到俄罗斯等国家提供的数以千计的新冠病毒检测试剂，并实施了严格的边境关闭措施。
Thousands of people in the secretive nation were quarantined, but restrictions had recently eased.	目前数千人已被隔离，但最近限制有所放宽。
In recent weeks, North Korea has also stepped up a campaign criticising defectors to South Korea as "human scum" and calling for South Korea to crack down on groups that send propaganda messages and food aid into the North.	最近几周，朝鲜还组织了一场运动，批判那些逃往韩国的“脱北者”为“人渣”，并要求韩国停止向朝鲜发放宣传材料和粮食援助以鼓动民众脱北。
Kim ordered an investigation into the military units along the border where the person was suspected of crossing to "administer a severe punishment and take necessary measures."	Kim 下令对越境事件案发地区的部队进行深入调查，“严惩相关涉事人员，并采取相应措施”。
Threats to Australian democracy are closer to home than China	想比中国，澳大利亚民主制度面临的威胁更加迫在眉睫
But a series of recently passed or pending measures in the Commonwealth Parliament give rise to concerns about our own, home-grown authoritarianism.	联邦议会近期通过或审议中的一系列措施引起了人们对本土集权主义的担忧。
They include a roll out of facial recognition technology, forcing technology companies to decrypt information held on their customers" computer systems, forcing technology companies to provide access to their customers" cloud-based information without notification to the owner of the information and extending ASIO's compulsory questioning powers.	这些措施包括推广面部识别技术、强制要求技术公司解密客户的计算机系统中保存的信息、强制要求技术公司在不通知信息所有者的情况下提供访问客户云端信息的权限，以及扩大澳大利亚安全情报局 (ASIO) 的强制询问权。
These measures raise serious questions about the border between citizens and government, but the ASIO Bill is particularly worrying.	这些措施导致人们对公民与政府之间的边界问题产生强烈质疑，《ASIO 法案》则尤其令人感到不安。
Unlike any of the other Five Eyes countries - United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and New Zealand - in the wake of September 11, ASIO was given power to compulsorily question people for up to seven days in relation to terrorism offences.	与其他五眼联盟国家（美国、加拿大、英国和新西兰）不同的是，在 911 事件之后，澳安全情报局有权对牵涉恐怖主义行为的人员进行为期最高 7 天的强制性询问。
While it might be accepted that the extreme violence associated with terrorism offences justifies extraordinary powers - extreme violence at least offers a bright line border around these extraordinary powers.	虽然人们可以接受采取非常手段来应对与恐怖主义相关的极端暴力行为，但极端暴力行为至少为这些非常手段划出了一条明确的界线。
That certainly cannot be said about the "sweeping and vague" definitions used in this bill to trigger the compulsory questioning power: dealing with information which prejudices Australia's "political, military or economic relations with another country"; or activities in collaboration with a foreign power which are clandestine or deceptive and are "detrimental to Australia's interests."	这显然指的不是用法案中如下“笼统和模糊”的定义来启动强制询问权：处理有损澳大利亚“与其他国家之间的政治、军事或经济关系”的信息；与国外势力联手进行的秘密或欺骗行为以及“有损澳大利亚利益”的行为。
It is hard to imagine more "sweeping and vague "national security" legislation" than this.	很难想象还有哪些国家安全“立法”比这一条法案更为“笼统和模糊”。
ASIO would be allowed to compulsorily question anyone about these things - not just suspected offenders.	不仅仅是嫌疑人，澳安全情报局将有权针对这些情况强制询问任何人。
This includes journalists, business people, university academics and staff, lawyers, citizens, residents and visitors.	询问对象包括记者、商人、高校学者和工作人员、律师、公民、居民以及游客。
ASIO would simply have to show the questioning would "substantially contribute to the collection of intelligence" about foreign interference, which seems to be the main target of the bill.	澳安全情报局只需要证明询问“极其有助于”有关海外干预的“情报收集”——这一点似乎是该法案的主要目的——
The person could then be questioned for up to 40 hours (not including breaks).	即可对某人进行最高 40 个小时的询问（不包含休息时间）。
If the person refused to attend, they would be arrested.	拒不接受询问的人将会被拘捕。
Refusal to answer or giving false or misleading answers would carry a maximum five year sentence.	拒绝回答或是提供错误或误导性信息，将面临最高五年的监禁。
Rules that are fundamental in our legal systems - indeed protected by the constitution in the United States - are overturned by this bill.	这条法案推翻了我国法律体系中的受到美国宪法保护的基本规则。
People - including people already facing charges - will be compelled to provide evidence that may then be used to prosecute them.	人们（包括已经面临指控的人）将被迫提供证据，而这些证据可以用来对他们进行起诉。
They could have a lawyer present, but the lawyer would be confined to clarifying questions that were ambiguous or unclear.	他们可以有一名律师在场，但律师只限于对模棱两可或不清楚的问题进行澄清。
The new bill transfers the decision to issue a questioning warrant from a judge to the Attorney-General.	新法案将签发询问令的决定权由法官移交给司法部长。
As pointed out by the Inspector-General of Intelligence and Security, this "departs from the trend for increased requirements for external authorisation in other Five Eyes jurisdictions."	正如情报和安全监察长指出，这一法案“与五眼联盟其他国家对外部授权提高要求的趋势背道而驰”。
It also breaches the separation of powers principle that courts scrutinise the actions of executive government.	它也违背了三权分立原则，该原则要求法院审查政府行政部门的行为。
The new bill also proposes to expand the questioning power to children who are at least 14 years old, but only to those engaged or likely to engage in activities prejudicial to the protection of Australia and people from politically motivated violence.	新法案还提出，将询问权扩大到覆盖 14 周岁以上的青少年，前提是这些人已经从事或可能从事不利于保护澳大利亚和人民免受出于政治动机的相关暴力活动。
Even if our intelligence agencies were the best in the world, conferring a power to compulsorily question anyone about information which "prejudices Australia's economic relations with another country," or activities which are "detrimental to Australia's interests" is beyond the pale.	即使我们的情报机构在全世界首屈一指，赋予他们权力来强制性询问关于“有损澳大利亚与其他国家之间的经济关系”的信息或“有损澳大利亚利益”的行为都让人无法接受。
We stand alone.	我们孤立无援。
No other Five Eyes country goes so far, not even for terrorism offences.	即使是在发生恐怖主义行为的情况下，其他五眼联盟国家也没有如此过界。
Genuinely liberal democracies guard against authoritarian measures.	真正自由的民主国家不会采用专制措施。
The conduct of our security agencies in relation to the bugging of the East Timor parliament, the trials of Witness K and Bernard Collaery, the secret trial and imprisonment of a former intelligence officer, the recent search warrants executed on two journalists, and the prospect of charges against one of them in relation to stories on suspected murders by Australian soldiers in Afghanistan show why we should not be lowering our guard.	我国安全机构的种种行为——例如窃听东帝汶议会、审讯证人 K 和 Bernard Collaery、秘密审讯和羁押前情报人员，近期对两名记者实施搜查，并且其中一名记者还因报道了澳大利亚士兵在阿富汗涉嫌谋杀而面临指控——都在提醒我们不能放松警惕。
Bodies of mother, 2 infants found in car submerged in pond	浸泡在池塘中的车里发现一位母亲和两名婴儿的尸体
AUGUSTA, Ga. -- Authorities pulled a submerged vehicle from a Georgia pond and found the bodies of a woman and her twin 10-month-old children inside.	奥古斯塔（乔治亚州）——治安官在乔治亚州的一个池塘里打捞起一辆淹没在水中的汽车，并在车内发现一名女子和两名十个月大双胞胎的尸体。
The Richmond County Sheriff's Office said crews found the vehicle in Mayor's Pond in Augusta on Friday afternoon, The Augusta Chronicle reported.	根据《奥古斯塔纪事报》报道，里士满县治安官办公室称，相关同事于周五下午在奥古斯塔的市长池塘 (Mayor's Pond) 里发现了这辆汽车。
Richmond County Coroner Mark Bowen said all three victims were pronounced dead at the scene.	里士满县法医 Mark Bowen 表示，现场三名受害者均已死亡。
Authorities identified the bodies as 25-year-old Shaquia Philpot and her infant children Caysen and Cassius Williams.	相关当局称，死者为 25 岁的 Shaquia Philpot 以及她的两个孩子 Caysen Williams 和 Cassius Williams。
Officials did not release details about how the family ended up in the pond.	治安官并未透露三名死者死亡的具体原因。
A witness, who was fishing in the area, found the car, Bowen said.	法医 Bowen 说，当时一位正在钓鱼的目击者发现了这辆车。
The bodies were going to be sent to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation for an autopsy.	三具遗体将送往乔治亚州调查局进行尸检。
The case remains under investigation.	案件仍在调查中。
"The Persians" Review: Aeschylus's Ancient Portrait of Defeat	《波斯人》剧评：埃斯库罗斯笔下的失利
There is not much action, barely even a plot, in "The Persians." People just mill about, talking (admittedly rather intensely) about events (admittedly of the tragic kind) that happened far away.	《波斯人》中没有太多动作戏，甚至不到一场。 人物只是绕来绕去，（相当激烈地）谈论在远方发生的（无疑是悲剧性）事件。
Yet this National Theater of Greece production unleashes gale-force sound and fury. At its peak, the show hits like a blow to the solar plexus, taking your breath away - the impact is only slightly dulled by watching online.	然而，希腊国家大剧院却奉献了一出振聋发聩的表演。演出到达高潮时，你会感觉像是胸口挨了一拳一样无法呼吸，这种感觉就算是在线观看也没有多大分别。
First produced in 472 B.C., Aeschylus's "The Persians" is considered the oldest surviving Greek play. This Dimitris Lignadis staging was broadcast live on Saturday from the ancient amphitheater of Epidaurus; in the spirit of the theater, no recording exists online. The venue was originally conceived as part of the city's asclepeion (a healing center) because the Greeks considered the balance between body and soul essential to good health. Let's all wistfully ponder that philosophy.	埃斯库罗斯的《波斯人》是希腊现存最古老的戏剧，最早于公元前 472 年登上舞台。Dimitris Lignadis 的演出于周六从古老的 Epidaurus 圆形剧场进行现场直播，应剧院要求，不提供在线视音频。演出场地曾经是该城 asclepeion（康复中心）的一部分，因为希腊人认为在身体与心灵之间找到平衡对健康至关重要。我们都来认真思考一下这一哲理。
The show deals with the aftermath of Salamis, a naval battle in which the outnumbered Greeks routed the mighty Persian army 2,500 years ago. At a time when our horizons are closing in, it is downright vertigo-inducing to virtually join a live audience in watching (subtitled) live actors all the way in Greece as they perform a millenniums-old play.	该剧讲述了 Salamis 大战之后的故事，这场海战发生在 2,500 年前，希腊人一举击溃了人多势众的波斯军队。当镜头拉近的时候，观众会产生明显的眩晕感，仿佛置身于现场的观众席，观看（有字幕）希腊剧场的演员演出这一流传了上千年的故事。
Aeschylus himself had fought at Salamis, but his play has a twist: This veteran of the winning side set his story among the defeated, casting a fairly sympathetic eye on his recent enemies" distress.	埃斯库罗斯自己参与了 Salamis 之战，但与他的剧本有所出入：这位获胜方的老兵将自己的故事融入战败者之中，对敌人的痛苦投以相当同情的目光。
A chorus of Persian men, wearing long, tan-colored skirts and white button-down shirts, opens the proceedings. They are in their capital city anxiously waiting for news of their king, Xerxes, who is off duking it out with Athens.	最先出场的是身穿褐色长裙和白色纽扣衬衫的波斯男子歌队。他们在都城焦急地等待国王 Xerxes 与希腊人一决胜负的结果。
Enter Xerxes's widowed mother, Queen Atossa (Lydia Koniordou), in a rather large black gown that appears to wear her, rather than the reverse; she is a human in an exoskeleton of fabric, both vulnerable and formidable. Koniordou, who is among Greece's greatest stage actresses, knows the role inside out - she directed and starred in an earlier National Theater of Greece production of "The Persians" that played New York City Center in 2006 - and she anchors the proceedings without seemingly doing much at all. For the most part, she stands in the middle of the circular stage, effortlessly projecting smoldering fury and agonizing sorrow as the scope of the disaster that befell the home troops is revealed.	Xerxes 的寡母 Atossa 太后（Lydia Koniordou 饰演）身着空荡荡的黑袍上场，仿佛是穿着衣服做成的外骨骼，脆弱不堪又令人望而生畏。作为希腊最伟大的舞台剧女演员之一，Koniordou 对这一角色了如指掌，她曾执导希腊国家大剧院早前制作的《波斯人》一剧并担纲主演，该剧于 2006 年在纽约城市中心上演，她推动了故事的发展，但看起来似乎根本没做什么。大多数时候她只是站在圆形舞台中央，在知悉本国军队遭受了没顶之灾后，她不费吹灰之力就表现出了积郁的愤懑和悲痛。
The apprehension everybody was feeling is confirmed, in harrowing details, by a messenger (Argyris Pandazaras) returning from the front. In an absolutely incredible scene, he recounts the battle, whipping himself into a frenzy as the chorus members dance around him and Giorgos Poulios's drone-like score swells to what must have been a deafening level.	从前线返回的信使（Argyris Pandazaras 饰演）通过令人肝肠寸断的细节让观众切实感受到忧惧。他在一个令人难以置信的场景中讲述了这场战斗，歌队成员围着他起舞，在 Giorgos Poulios 震耳欲聋的配乐声中，他陷入癫狂。
Later they are joined by Atossa's dead husband (Nikos Karathanos), summoned from the underworld, and Xerxes (Argyris Xafis), who has somehow escaped alive from the wreckage. Pieces of string on his tunic mark blood (Eva Nathena's exquisite costumes always contribute to the storytelling). The characters lament the lost lives and devastation together, in an act of communal mourning.	后来，从冥府召唤出来的 Atossa 死去的丈夫（Nikos Karathanos 饰演）和幸免于难的 Xerxes（Argyris Xafis 饰演）加入了他们。他长袍上的带子血迹斑驳（Eva Nathena 设计的精美服装总是能为剧情的推动助力）。在集体哀悼的一幕中，这几个角色聚在一起，哀叹逝去的生命和战争的创伤。
Quite a bit of the classical theater we see in the United States attempts to make it more accessible in one way or another. Often this is done with relatively naturalistic line readings, in an effort to make the text less foreign, easier to digest. But Lignadis and his troupe fully embrace declamation, which may sound a little forced to modern ears but highlights the text's rhythmic power. While technically they do not sing, for example, the four lead actors essentially deliver arias, achieving an incantatory power that feels otherworldly.	美国的古典剧院多半会采取一种更通俗易懂的表现手法。他们通常会采用相对自然的念白，让歌词不那么陌生，也更容易理解。但是，Lignadis 和他的剧团使用了慷慨激昂的唱腔，这对于现代观众而言可能有点生硬，却凸显了歌词的节奏力度。从技术层面上来说他们不是在歌唱，譬如四位主演本质上都是在咏叹，发挥出魔咒般的力量，让人有超凡脱俗之感。
We never forget, though, that the play is rooted in emotions that are all too human.	可是我们永远不会忘记，这出戏的根本是极其人性化的情感。
Egypt begins registering data of voters abroad for senate elections	埃及启动参议院选举海外选民登记
The National Election Authority (NEA) on Saturday began registering the data of voters aboard to begin casting their votes in the senate elections to be held on August 9 and 10, according to the NEA's official website.	据国家选举机构（NEA）官网称，该机构于本周六启动了海外选民登记，以便他们能为 8 月 9 日至 10 日举行的参议院选举投票。
Voters must register their data and the diplomatic mission affiliated to their residence abroad on the NEA's website from July 25 until July 31.	选民必须在 7 月 25 日至 7 月 31 日之间登录 NEA 网站，登记自己的数据及其海外住所所属的使领馆。
The NEA also published a video explaining the steps voters can take to cast their vote remotely via email, as part of precautions against the coronavirus pandemic.	为预防新冠病毒传播，NEA 还发布了一段视频，向选民说明如何通过电子邮件远程投票。
The legal period of senate candidate electoral propaganda runs from July 26 until August 8, the NEA said.	NEA 表示，参议院候选人选举宣传的法定时间为 7 月 26 日至 8 月 8 日。
Minister of Emigration and Egyptian Expatriates Affairs Nabila Makram called on Egyptian voters abroad to participate in the election as their constitutional right.	埃及移民和侨民事务部长 Nabila Makram 呼吁海外埃及选民参加选举，履行宪法赋予他们的权利。
Egypt's House of Representatives on June 17 approved a law establishing a senate, which will function as an upper house of parliament.	埃及议会下院于 6 月 17 日通过了一项设立参议院的法律，参议院将行使议会上院功能。
The law passed with a two-thirds majority, with the objection of four MPs.	该法律以三分之二多数票通过，有四名议员投了反对票。
The Senate will consist of 300 members, 100 of whom are elected by a closed list system, 100 elected by an individual system, and 100 members appointed by the President of the Republic.	参议院将由 300 名议员组成，其中 100 人通过不公开名单选举产生，100 人通过个人选举产生，还有 100 人由总统任命。
The term of membership in the Senate will be five years, starting from the date of its first meeting. The new assembly is to be elected during the sixty days preceding the end of its term.	参议院议员任期为首次会议之日起五年。下一届议会成员将在本届任期届满前六十天内选出。
200-Plus Firefighters Respond To Karen Fire Burning In Jurupa Valley - CBS Los Angeles	200 余名消防员加入朱鲁帕谷 “Karen” 山火救援
JURUPA VALLEY (CBSLA) - A wildland fire broke out on Saturday afternoon in Jurupa Valley, leading to a response of more than 200 firefighters.	朱鲁帕谷 (CBS Los Angeles)——周六下午，朱鲁帕谷爆发了一场山火，超 200 名消防员加入到救援行动中。
The Karen Fire was reported just after 3 p.m. on Sierra Avenue and Karen Lane.	下午 3 点，火势仅涉及 Sierra 大道和 Karen 巷。
The fire grew from approximately 5-10 acres to roughly 250 acres as of 8 p.m.	截至晚 8 点，过火面积已从约 2-4 公顷扩大至约 100 公顷。
Containment at last check was at 50% and 225 firefighters from Cal Fire, Riverside County Fire Department, City of Corona Fire Department, and San Bernardino County Fire were on scene battling the fire.	截止最后一次确认，50% 的火势已得到控制，来自加州消防局、河滨县消防局、科罗纳市消防局和圣贝纳迪诺县消防局的 225 名消防员正在现场奋力扑救。
Forward progress on the fire has been stopped but resources are expected to remain overnight to monitor conditions.	目前火势已得以控制，但仍需彻夜监控。
No injuries or structural damages have been reported, and no evacuations have been ordered.	尚无人员伤亡和建筑受损的报道，当局也尚未下达强制疏散令。
Sierra Avenue between Armstrong and the San Bernardino County Line has been closed.	阿姆斯特朗和圣贝纳迪诺线之间的 Sierra 大道已暂时关闭。
Israel coronavirus cases top 60,000 as infections jump	以色列新冠病毒感染人数超 6 万
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The number of people to test positive for coronavirus in Israel topped 60,000 on Saturday as the government struggles to contain a resurgence in infection rates.	耶路撒冷（路透社）——尽管政府努力控制感染率回弹，以色列新冠病毒检测为阳性的病例仍然超过了 6 万。
The latest daily tally showed 1,770 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 60,496, the country's health ministry reported.	据该国卫生部报告，最新的每日统计发现了 1,770 例新增感染，病例总数达到 60,496 例。
With a population of nine million, Israel has reported a total of 455 fatalities from the pandemic.	以色列人口总数为 900 万，因为新冠病毒死亡的人数共计 455 人。
Israel was one of the first countries to impose a nationwide lockdown and initially was successful in clamping down on the outbreak.	作为最先实施全国性封锁的国家之一，以色列早期成功遏制了疫情的蔓延。
Daily cases that numbered in the hundreds dropped to low double digits.	日报告病例数从几百下降到了几十。
Concerned about the economic toll, the government eased those restrictions - too quickly, some officials have since acknowledged - and infection rates resurged.	出于恢复经济的考虑，政府放松了管制，感染率回弹，已有部分官员表示此举为时过早。
Renewed sporadic closures of various sectors of the economy have deepened public vexation, sparking daily demonstrations.	经济部门再次零星关闭，导致公众不满情绪加深，引发日常示威活动。
Be wary of gardening gimmicks that look too good	当心那些看似美好的园艺花招
It might be an embarrassing thing for a plant scientist to admit, but I am a total sucker for a garden gimmick.	对植物学家而言，这可能是件难以启齿的事，但我确实十分沉迷于园艺花招。
I like to think it's because I am open-minded or maybe just irrationally optimistic, particularly as many things in the plant world are often extremely counterintuitive.	往好的方面想，我认为自己是一个思想开放，或者说有点非理性乐观的人，而且植物界许多事物通常无法靠直觉判断。
But I am not ashamed to say I have fallen for dozens of them over a lifetime in horticulture.	但我并不耻于承认，我已在这种园艺花招上踩坑无数。
While I firmly believe in the value of trying things out for yourself, if you don't fancy learning the hard way, here are some of the most common garden gimmicks I have come across.	虽然我坚信自己尝试新事物的价值，但如若并不热衷于开启“地狱模式”，可以避开下面我遇到过的一些最常见的“坑人”园艺花招。
First up, and probably the worst offender, grafted tomato-potato plants.	首先，可能是最大的雷区——把番茄嫁接到土豆上。
Hailed as a revolutionary breakthrough, grafting tomato plants on to potato roots is, in fact, an old-school botanical curiosity, dating back to at least the 1920s.	将番茄嫁接到土豆被誉为革命性的突破，事实上，这是一种上世纪 20 年代就有人尝试过的“老一套的玩意儿”。
As they are both from the same family and have broadly similar internal "plumbing," you can indeed create such surgically enhanced marvels.	番茄和土豆同属一科，内部“管道”大致相似，确实可以通过嫁接创造加强版奇迹。
But here's the problem: creating resource-intensive structures like fruits and roots takes up a lot of metabolic energy, and if plants are attempting to do both their limited energies inevitably become split.	但问题是，如果创造资源密集型结构，例如水果和根茎作物，则需要消耗大量能量来代谢，嫁接的植物需要同时满足两种作物的能量需求，就只能将有限的能量分流。
That means the yields of these grafted plants are terrible and nothing like what you see in the marketing pictures.	这就意味着，这些嫁接植物的产量非常低，跟你在宣传图片中看见的全然不同。
Then there is the fact that the crops mature at different rates, so to harvest the spuds you have to kill the plants before the tomatoes have ripened.	另外，作物成熟的时间也不同，要收割土豆就必须扼杀还没有成熟的番茄。
On the subject of marketing imagery, there's a lot of dodgy dealing here, too.	同时，宣传图片也隐含了很多极具迷惑性的花招。
I've seen roses Photoshopped sky blue and fruit trees with a physiologically impossible amount of fruit on their branches in some major catalogues.	我在一些目录中见过用 PS 处理成天蓝色的玫瑰花，还有一些果树结出的果实数量简直不可思议。
I've even seen photos "borrowed" from my Instagram account and used by shopping networks as images of their trial grounds.	有的商家甚至从我 Instagram 上“借”走照片，在网购网站上谎称是他们的试验基地。
Sadly the work of a small minority of cavalier companies mean you have to view advertising images, particularly online, with a very sceptical eye.	这些少部分无良商家的操作，让你不得不以一种怀疑的眼光来审视这些宣传图片，尤其是来自网络的图片。
If it looks too good to be true, it probably is.	如果它看起来好得不像真的，那估计确实如此。
Speaking of which, the colour blue is relatively rare in the botanical world, so if you see a dazzling new heather, orchid or cactus, shining out in the most intense "disinfectant" shade of blue, it's almost certainly been sprayed or dyed.	说到蓝色玫瑰花，蓝色在植物界相对稀少，所以如果你看到新品种的绚丽帚石楠、兰花或仙人掌，在高浓度“消毒剂”下闪着蓝色光芒，那基本肯定是洒药或者染色了。
Which would be fine, so long as vendors made this clear, but they rarely ever do.	如果供应商明确说明了情况，其实也没什么，但他们很少会这么做。
Blue moth orchids will revert back to their original white, but sprayed cacti and heathers, coated in a light-suppressing layer of dye, are unlikely to survive for long.	蓝色蝴蝶兰会变回原来的白色，然而仙人掌和帚石楠涂上一层抑光染料后很快就会枯萎。
Finally, I have to flag up bonsai kits or, even worse, bonsai seeds, that promise miniature trees will sprout from their packets.	最后，我必须曝光承诺能种出微型树的盆景套装，还有比盆景套装更糟的盆景种子。
Bonsai is not a species of plant.	盆景并非一种植物。
It's a training technique used to give the illusion of ancient trees on distant mountaintops.	这是一种修剪技术，让人联想到远山上的古树。
They are almost always started from mature shrubs that are hacked back and new growth wired in place.	盆景一般是经过修剪成熟的灌木，然后再用线引导新的生长方向而形成。
I know I'll keep falling for gimmicks, it's part of the fun of experimentation.	我清楚知道自己会继续迷恋这些园艺花招，这是实验的乐趣之一。
But side-step these ones and you may find one that actually has a chance of living up to its promise.	但避开这些问题，你可能有机会买到和卖家展示一致的实物。
Spain quarantine: Do you need to quarantine in Spain?	西班牙隔离措施：在西班牙需要隔离吗？
No - but if you return from Spain after midnight tonight, you will have to self isolate at home for 14 days.	不用，但如果你在今晚 12 点之后从西班牙回来，你必须居家自我隔离 14 天。
British Justice Secretary Humza Yousaf said: "The decision to exempt Spain earlier this week, was taken when the data showed there was an improvement in the spread of the virus.	英国司法部长 Humza Yousaf 说：“本周早些时候我们决定不对从西班牙回来的人执行隔离措施，因为数据显示病毒传播情况有所改善。
But clearly the latest data has given us cause for concern to overturn that decision.	但显然，最新的数据值得我们担忧，因此不得不推翻原本的决定。
"We appreciate that this will be disappointing. However, we have always been clear we are closely monitoring the pandemic situation in all countries and that we may require to remove a country from the list of places exempt from quarantine requirements should the virus show a resurgence."	我们知道这么做会令人失望。但是，我们一直清楚地表明，我们会密切监测各国的疫情，如果病毒在某个国家死灰复燃，我们可能会要求将其从不执行隔离措施的名单中剔除。”
"It is still active and it is still deadly. Suppressing the virus, preventing it from being transmitted and protecting public health is our priority."	“病毒依然猖獗而致命。我们的首要任务是抑制病毒、防止病毒传播，并保护公众健康。”
No rules around UK travellers arriving in Spain have been announced, however if you are travelling to Spain you should check for local regulations in your area.	政府目前还未公布关于英国人前往西班牙的规定，但如果你准备前往西班牙，你最好查阅一下自己所在区域的规定。
Spain's deputy emergency health director Maria Jose Sierra said:	西班牙应急卫生副主任 Maria Jose Sierra 表示：
"We have important outbreaks. It could be a second wave. We'll have to see what happens in the next few weeks."	“我们这里爆发了重大疫情。这可能是第二波疫情。我们得关注未来几周的情况。”
Pakistan's Imam-Ul-Haq Declared Fit To Bat After Warm-Up Injury	巴基斯坦队 Imam-Ul-Haq 热身赛受伤后仍可继续参赛
Pakistan and England will be facing each other in three Tests and as many T20Is.	巴基斯坦队和英格兰队将作为对手在三场测试赛和三场 T20I 赛中相遇。
Pakistan batsman Imam-ul-Haq has been declared fit to bat by the team's doctor after he was hit on his left hand while batting in an intra-squad warm-up match at Derby.	巴基斯坦板球运动员 Imam-ul-Haq 在德比的一场队内热身赛中左手被击中受伤，队医宣布他已经可以参加比赛了。
"The left-handed batsman took part in warm-up session prior to the start of the second day's play," Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) informed in a statement.	巴基斯坦板球委员会 (PCB) 在一份声明中表示：“这名习惯用左手的板球运动员在第二天的比赛开始前参加了一场热身赛。”
PCB Whites' Imam was hit on his left hand while batting against PCB Greens' Naseem Shah on day one of the match.	在比赛的第一天，PCB 白队的 Imam 和 PCB 绿队的 Naseem Shah 对击时，左手被击中。
Imam was forced to retire hurt on Friday evening after being struck on the left hand by a ball from Shah, but was able to take part in a warm-up session in the morning and will resume his innings on the third day.	周五晚上，Imam 的左手被 Shah 扔出的球击中后受伤，被迫退场，不过，他参加了早上的热身赛，将在第三天重回球场。
Over 30 Employees Test Coronavirus Positive At Single Bank Branch In Tamil Nadu	泰米尔纳德邦一银行逾 30 名雇员确诊新冠
At least 38 employees of a national bank's main branch in Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu, have tested positive for coronavirus, officials from the bank and the local civic body have said.	印度泰米尔纳德邦蒂鲁吉拉伯利市政府部门及一家国有银行的官员表示，该银行位于蒂鲁吉拉伯利市的一个主要支行有至少 38 名员工的冠状病毒检测结果呈阳性。
According to the officials, the customers who visited the bank have also been advised to voluntarily appear for coronavirus tests.	官员称，他们已经建议去过该支行的客户自愿参加病毒检测。
Earlier, a senior official of the branch who was suffering from other complications, had died of COVID-19.	此前，该支行一名高级职员出现了其他并发症，后因罹患新冠肺炎去世。
The positive cases came to light after a mass medical screening camp was held at the bank recently, the officials said.	官员称，最近，他们对该支行进行了大规模的医学筛检，因此发现了这些阳性病例。
Senior bank officials said the disinfection process had been completed and the bank might resume operations from tomorrow.	支行领导表示，他们已经完成消毒，该银行或将于明天恢复营业。
Corporation health officials are in touch with the customers who visited the bank.	公司卫生官员正在联系去过该银行的客户。
Tamil Nadu, with the highest virus cases in the country after Maharashtra, has reported an overall 2,06,737 positive cases of the virus as of Saturday.	泰米尔纳德邦是印度确诊病例数量排在第二的邦，感染病例最多的是马哈拉施特拉邦，截至周六，泰米尔纳德邦报告的确诊病例总数已经达到 206,737 例。
India's PM to attend temple groundbreaking at disputed site	印度总理将出席建于争议地点的寺庙奠基仪式
NEW DELHI (AP) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend a groundbreaking ceremony next month for a Hindu temple on a disputed site in northern India where a 16th century mosque was torn down by Hindu hard-liners in 1992, according to the trust overseeing the temple construction.	新德里（美联社）——据监督寺庙建设的信托机构透露，印度总理 Narendra Modi 计划于下月出席建在印度北部争议地点的印度教寺庙奠基仪式，该寺庙原址为一座建于 16 世纪的清真寺，于 1992 年被印度教狂热分子夷为平地。
The ceremony is set for Aug. 5, a date organizers said was astrologically auspicious for Hindus but that also marks a year since the Indian Parliament revoked the semi-autonomous status of its only Muslim-majority state, Jammu and Kashmir.	仪式定于 8 月 5 日举行，组织者称这一天对印度教徒而言是大吉之日，但这一天也是印度议会撤销其唯一的穆斯林占多数的查谟和克什米尔邦半自治权一周年。
The symbolism was impossible to miss for both supporters and opponents of Modi's Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party, or BJP, whose manifesto had for decades included pledges to strip restive Kashmir's autonomy and to build a temple to the Hindu god Ram where the Mughal-era mosque once stood, a site in the city of Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh state that devotees believe to be Ram's birthplace.	Modi 所在的印度教民族主义印度人民党（BJP）的支持者和反对者都不可能错过这个具有象征意义的日子，该党在其宣言中数十年如一日地承诺夺取克什米尔的自治权，并在莫卧儿时代清真寺的原址上建造一座庙宇供奉印度教神祇拉姆，庙宇选址地位于北方邦阿约提亚市，信徒们认为这里是拉姆的出生地。
Because the coronavirus is still rampaging across India, which has reported the world's third-highest caseload, the ceremony will be broadcast live on state television and the number of participants and spectators will be limited, according to Vishwa Hindu Parishad, or the World Hindu Organization, a Hindu nationalist group allied with the BJP.	新冠病毒仍在印度全境蔓延，据报道该国已成为全球感染病例数量第三的国家，有鉴于此，与印度人民党有盟友关系的印度教民族主义团体世界印度教会议（Vishwa Hindu Parishad）称，仪式将在国家电视台现场直播，会限制出席仪式的人员和观众的数量。
The temple will serve as "an enduring and immortal beaming center of social harmony, national unity and integration and awakening of the feeling of Hindutva," or Hindu way of life, the organization's spokesperson Vinod Bansal said in a news release Saturday.	该组织发言人 Vinod Bansal 在周六的新闻发布会上表示，这座寺庙将成为“亘古永恒的社会和谐、民族团结与融合中心，唤醒印度教特性”。
A century-long dispute over the site was resolved last year following the BJP's landslide election victory.	继印度人民党在选举中获得压倒性胜利后，涉及该地点长达一个世纪的争端于去年得到解决。
In November, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the temple trust, saying that Muslim petitions would be given five acres at an alternative site.	十一月，最高法院做出了有利于寺庙信托的裁定，称将另择他处向穆斯林请愿者划拨五英亩地。
Hindus hard-liners have long contended that Mughal Muslim invaders built a mosque on top of a preexisting temple in the ancient city of Ayodya.	印度教狂热分子长期以来一直声称莫卧儿穆斯林侵略者在阿约提亚古城既有庙宇之上建造了一座清真寺。
A December 1992 riot following the destruction of the mosque sparked communal violence in which about 2,000 people were killed, mostly Muslims.	1992 年 12 月清真寺被拆除之后发生的骚乱引发社区暴力事件，约有 2,000 人丧生，其中大多数为穆斯林。
Meanwhile, the trial in the demolition court case continues to be heard in a special court.	与此同时，特别法庭仍在审理清真寺拆除案件。
An architect from Ahmedabad, Gujarat, Modi's home state, has proposed a towering sandstone structure 161 feet (49 meters) high with five domes.	来自 Modi 家乡古吉拉特邦艾哈迈达巴德的一位建筑师提议建造一个塔状砂岩结构的寺庙，高度为 161 英尺（49 米），带有五个穹顶。
Yogi Adityanath, Uttar Pradesh's chief minister and a Hindu monk, requested that Ayodhya hold a special cleaning and purification ceremony and for all of the city's temples to light oil lamps ahead of Modi's visit, the Press Trust of India news agency reported.	印度新闻信托社（PTI）报道，北方邦首席部长兼印度教修士 Yogi Adityanath 要求阿约提亚举行特别的清洁和净化仪式，全市所有寺庙在 Modi 到访之前点燃油灯。
Adityanath said the occasion marked the end of a "500-year struggle," PTI reported.	印度新闻信托社报道称，Adityanath 表示这一仪式标志着一场“长达 500 年的纷争”宣告结束。
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall	28岁厨师被发现死于旧金山一家商场
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.	近日刚搬至旧金山的一位28岁厨师本周被发现死于当地一家商场的楼梯间。
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, "Things were finally going well for him."	但受害人的哥哥表示想不出有谁会想要加害于他，并称“一切终于好起来了。”
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.	旧金山验尸官办公室表示，周三早上于西田购物中心发现的尸体确认为28岁旧金山居民 Frank Galicia。
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.	旧金山警察局称该起死亡案件被裁定为他杀，并正在进行调查。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.	受害人的哥哥 Louis Galicia 对美国广播公司位于旧金山的电台 KGO 表示，之前在波士顿做流水线厨师的Frank 于六个月前在旧金山的 Sons & Daughters 餐馆找到一份流水线厨师的理想工作。
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.	Sons & Daughters 餐馆的一位发言人表示，他们对于 Frank 的死感到“非常震惊”。
"We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed," the spokesperson said.	该发言人称，“我们是相处得像亲密无间的一家人的一个小团队，我们将深深怀念他。”
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.	在这个悲痛的时刻，我们向 Frank 的家人及朋友表达我们深切的同情与哀悼。
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, "Things were finally going well for him."	Louis Galicia 称 Frank 起初住在招待所里，但是最近“一切终于好起来了。”
"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," Louis Galicia told KGO.	Louis Galicia 告诉 KGO：“Frank找到一间公寓，同时在跟一个女孩交往。”
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.	Louis Galicia 表示，他想不出有谁会想要加害他的弟弟。
He was a kind spirit with a big heart.	Frank 拥有善良的心地及宽阔的胸怀。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner," Louis Galicia said.	Louis Galicia 称：“Frank 经常为家人烹饪晚餐。”
He never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.	他从不愿意与家人争吵。
He was the brother that went with the flow.	他是一个随从大家意见的人。
"With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day," he said.	Louis Galicia 说：“世上的所有事物都有可能出错，但Frank 称得上是一个每天都发光的外粗内秀之人。”
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.	有线索人士请拨打旧金山警察局举报电话415-575-4444。
Junior doctors strike: Calls for fresh industrial action	初级医生罢工：呼吁新的劳工行动
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.	初级医生代表号召联盟批准其针对新合同纠纷采取新的劳工行动。
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.	英国医学协会初级医生委员会将要求其全体成员自九月初开始支持更多的劳工行动。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.	初级医生委员会表示，部长们未解决对于合同的忧虑。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.	初级医生与医科学生于7月份投票抵制与英国医学协会达成的合同交易。
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the ballot.	参与投票的成员中，58%反对该合同交易。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained "persistently silent" on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.	初级医生委员会主席 Ellen McCourt 在周四晚间于推特上发表的一封致成员信中表示，对于导致合同遭到抵制的问题，政府“一贯保持沉默”。
She said: "In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns."	她表示：“鉴于此，初级医生委员会执行委员会已投票全盘驳回提议的新合同并呼吁就所有担忧重新进行正式协商。”
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.	针对政府的沉默态度，初级医生委员会执行委员会已于今日正式要求英国医学协会理事会召开特别会议批准旨在从九月初开始升级劳工行动的一项长期计划。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.	该纠纷已导致初级医生今年共参与六次罢工，包括英国国家医疗服务体系历史上的首次全面罢工。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.	英国医学协会初级医生领导者 Johann Malawana 博士在英国医学协会所推荐的合同议定条款遭到投票抵制之后辞职。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.	在54,000名初级医生与医科学生投票之前的会议中，他曾对英国医学协会成员表示，该交易不错，因此应该予以接受。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.	投票后，卫生部长 Jeremy Hunt 表示，该合同将在英格兰医护人员中强制实施。
Russia and Turkey: An 'alliance of misfits'?	俄罗斯与土耳其：“格格不入联盟”？
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.	一个手势结束一场危机。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.	俄罗斯与土耳其领导人周二进行会见，双方握手并宣布正式结束长达八个月的口水战与经济制裁。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.	然而，当弗拉基米尔·普京在一座圣彼德斯堡宫殿金碧辉煌的大厅中迎接土耳其总统时，我有种强烈的感觉：此次和解是安卡拉最希望看到的。
There was the handshake, yes.	是的，双方确实握手了。
But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.	然而，即使是按照普京先生一向内敛的标准来看，普京也只是浅浅微笑，几乎未流露出热情之意。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his "dear friend" Mr Putin - five times, according to one report.	据报道，雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安则五次提到“好朋友”普京。
I lost count.	我记不清了。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.	同时，他承诺与俄罗斯的关系将回归至危机发生前的水平，甚至达到更高水平。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.	次日，此间一家报纸写到，埃尔多安先生则表现的好像什么都没发生一样。
To me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.	但是，我认为他的热情暗示了某些相反的东西。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.	然而，普京先生持续冷淡的态度说明他什么都没有忘记。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments: Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.	实际上，他在开场白中提到的第一件事便是此次危机的原因：土耳其于叙利亚边境击落一架俄罗斯战机。
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.	莫斯科当时的反应很激烈。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.	普京先生针对该事件进行猛烈抨击，指责安卡拉在背后暗算莫斯科。
The offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.	来自所谓朋友的攻击更让人难以接受。
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.	双方很难，甚至不可能重新建立真正的信任。
Russian public opinion has also turned since November.	自11月份开始，俄罗斯民意也有所扭转。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.	数月来，被政府控制的媒体对安卡拉进行了令人震惊的全力进攻。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.	突然之间，土耳其人似乎要为所有事情负责。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.	其中，最严重的是来自高级官员的指责：埃尔多安先生的家人从所谓伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的非法石油交易中获利。
He's denied that emphatically.	他已断然否认该种说法。
But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.	然而，圣彼德斯堡传来的消息显示，是时候该向前看了。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.	毕竟此次会面的前提是普京收到土耳其总统埃尔多安的道歉。
Russia could claim a victory of sorts.	俄罗斯可以宣布胜利了。
For Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.	对于安卡拉来说，休战的好处显而易见。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.	首先，埃尔多安在上个月政变失败后险些被赶下台，因此他需要所有朋友的支持。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.	不断的恐怖袭击显然已对他造成很大打击。
There is also an economic motive.	同时也有经济动机。
Russian sanctions have hit hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.	俄罗斯制裁对土耳其打击很大，尤其是禁止每年可输送几百万俄罗斯游客至土耳其海岸的包机服务。
The number has slumped by almost 90%.	该数字已大幅下滑近90%。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.	随着航班恢复，俄罗斯的旅行社与包机公司必将松一口气。
They're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.	他们将迎来季末地中海旅游潮。
And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.	国家电视台甚至在本周预测，一旦土耳其农产品进口重新放开，水果及蔬菜的价格将下降。
"Tourists that way, tomatoes back here," as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.	莫斯科报纸 Vedemosti 的一篇报道称：“游客去了，番茄回来了。”
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.	对于莫斯科来说，此次访问也具有额外的政治价值。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.	安卡拉对于西方世界对接管意图的微弱反应感到愤怒。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin - who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.	此外，安卡拉对于加入欧盟谈判的缓慢进展及普京的插手长期感到不满，普京热衷于利用政治寒意以及削弱土耳其与西方世界的关系。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.	由于在政变失败后拥护当选当局，俄罗斯领导人必将获得安卡拉的加分。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.	注意，这对于一直对政权更迭怀抱根深蒂固恐惧的莫斯科来说是一种馈赠。
So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of misfits": two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.	因此，在这个金碧辉煌的海边宫殿所举行的会面使俄罗斯与土耳其两个被西方世界拒绝与虐待的国家结成盟友，一位分析师将其描述为“格格不入联盟”。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.	然而，尽管公开和解，但双方仍存在重大分歧。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.	叙利亚是关键因素之一。莫斯科近日在叙利亚扮演和事佬的角色，而俄罗斯与土耳其却支持相反派别。
It could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.	可以预见到的是，在经过近三个小时的初步谈话后，两位总统在发布会上表示，尚未谈及那个话题。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.	土耳其总统刻意回避关于双方分歧的问题，而普京则予以强调。
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.	双方就如何在叙利亚问题上求同存异未达成明确共识。
But after months of open hostility - and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.	在北大西洋公约组织成员国土耳其击落俄战机所带来的数月公开敌对及引发大型灾难的可能下，两国领导人再次重启对话肯定是件好事。
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland	苏格兰皇家银行将不再为苏格兰以外客户服务
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.	据苏格兰皇家银行首席执行官透露，银行将简化为一个后勤部门。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.	苏格兰皇家银行将不再为苏格兰以外的客户服务。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.	罗斯·麦克尤恩告诉英国广播公司苏格兰分部，苏格兰皇家银行品牌曾经致力于其全球雄心壮志。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.	但八年前濒临倒闭，不得不接受救助从那时开始便放弃了那样的追求。
During that time, brand strategists have used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.	那段时间，品牌策略师使用‘RBS’来保护其它消费金融品牌。
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.	集团曾耗费数百万英镑以赞助橄榄球六国赛和温布尔顿网球锦标赛冠军安迪·穆雷等方式赞助国际体育赛事。
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.	但是现在，正确的做法是让更多的国家品牌崭露头角。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.	苏格兰皇家银行将为苏格兰客户所用，但不会回复原样。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.	在英格兰和威尔士，所有在总部及证券交易所以外的提法将更改为国民西敏寺银行。
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.	阿尔斯特银行品牌已用于爱尔兰共和国与北爱尔兰自治区的客户。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.	还有一些其它更突出的较小私人银行品牌，例如顾资银行、Adam & Co、 Drummond 与 Holt's Military Bank。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.	麦克尤恩先生曾在因弗内斯郡客户与员工的参观之旅中接受采访。
He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands."	他告诉英国广播公司苏格兰分部说：“苏格兰皇家银行品牌将最终成为我们的投资者品牌，同时也是员工受雇品牌之一，因为目前更大意义上我们已成为一个拥有众多品牌的银行。”
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.	由于该银行本身成为一个国际品牌，RBS也成为全球品牌。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.	目前，我要说的是，我们不再重点关注全球，我们已将目光转向本土。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.	每一个品牌代表着各自所在行业的不同，而我们的员工通过不同品牌为客户服务。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.	苏格兰皇家银行已表明不会继续赞助六国锦标赛；同时，已努力提升不同品牌在体育赛事赞助的形象。
"The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath (we've been asking) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers?" said the chief executive.	首席执行官表示：“现在到了成为一家多品牌银行的时候，因为私下我们一直在探求如何成为一家更好的服务于客户的银行。”
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.	如果三年前我们立志成为一家拥有众多品牌的大银行将备受嘲讽。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.	目前我们重点关注客户需求，并且我相信您已注意到了这些变化。
We can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.	我认为我们可以重新启动这些品牌，而且现在时间正合适。
Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection	戴图理凭借 Predilection 在纽马基特的成功取得职业3,000胜
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3,000 wins	纽马基特的两场胜利助力戴图理取得职业3,000胜，之后他喷香槟庆祝
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.	周五，职业赛马骑师戴图理 (Frankie Dettori) 在纽马基特 (Newmarket) 取得了他的第3,000场胜利。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track - on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.	他策着出自练马师高仕登 (John Gosden) 之手的 Predilection 在马道上急驰，于当晚收获两场胜利，也借此实现了职业3,000胜。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.	这位现年45岁的意大利人是第六位在平地赛领域取得这一里程碑的职业赛马骑师。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.	前五位分别是：哥顿·李察 (Gordon Richards) 爵士、道格·史密斯 (Doug Smith)、柏葛 (Lester Piggott)、魏德礼 (Pat Eddery) 和嘉逊 (Willie Carson)。
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said: "It's special."	早前在 Ghayyar 获胜的三届冠军骑师戴图理说：“这很特别。”
I'm very emotional because my family are here as well	我很激动，因为我的家人也在现场
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.	我对自己在纽马基特取得的成绩感到高兴，因为30年前我就是从这里起步的。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's a mundane Friday night with 20,000 people.	这不是一场大规模的赛马会，也不是英国皇家爱斯科赛马会 (Royal Ascot)，这只是一个有着20,000名观众的普通的周五晚上。
I'm relieved and very humble.	我很欣慰，也很谦恭。
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory	戴图理在获胜后牵来了 Predilection，引起了全场欢呼
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing - champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.	在障碍赛领域，有两名骑师取得了这一成就，他们分别是冠军骑师理查德·约翰逊 (Richard Johnson) 和现已退役的20届冠军麦考伊 (Anthony McCoy) 爵士，其中麦考伊爵士在其破纪录的职业生涯中取得了超过4,300场胜利。
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4,493 career wins	柏葛是九届德比赛冠军，在其职业生涯中共取得了4,493场胜利
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.	戴图理是当代最棒的骑师之一，所以他取得这一里程碑式成就也就不足为奇了，在他之前取得这一成就的人不多。
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.	他时尚而健硕，但是真正让他在称重室中脱颖而出的却是他在战术上的理性。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.	他是一位了不起的马术大使，多年来，他的热情和魅力为这项运动吸引了大量粉丝。
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6,000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey!	几周前，我在 Epsom 跟戴图理说，如果他不仅仅是一个周末与大赛骑师，他应该已经能取得6,000场胜利了！
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.	说真的，戴图理堪称英国三十年来最好的马术获胜者，这一点太重要了。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.	他性格活泼，这对英国赛马来说是好事，但是除此之外，他还是一位不可思议的骑师。
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount	戴图理以其标志性的跳跃下马动作庆祝这一里程碑
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.	从跳跃冲线到跳跃下马，二十年来，戴图理一直是英国平地赛领域的典型代表。
It has been a rollercoaster ride.	他的职业生涯如过山车一般。
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996 'Magnificent Seven' at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.	他获得了多场大赛的冠军，其中包括1996年在英国皇家爱斯科赛马会取得的著名的“七连胜”，但是，他也遭遇了坠机事件，还因服用禁药遭到禁赛。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.	三年前，当他在六个月禁期结束后重回赛场时，曾一度很吃力。但是，他表现出了惊人的性格优势，并终于重回巅峰，给那些持怀疑态度的人当头一棒。
And he may not be done for some time - Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.	他或许做不了太长时间了——戴图理之前曾说过，他希望至少能参赛到50岁前。
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov	俄罗斯总统普京解除谢尔盖·伊万诺夫办公厅主任职务
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.	俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京 (Vladimir Putin) 出乎意料地解除了谢尔盖·伊万诺夫 (Sergei Ivanov) 的总统办公厅主任职务。
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.	多年来，伊万诺夫先生一直是深得普京先生信任的核心集团的一分子。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.	现年63岁的伊万诺夫如今已被任命为环境与交通问题特别代表。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had "decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but gave no reason.	克里姆林宫的一份声明称，普京先生已“宣布解除伊万诺夫的俄罗斯总统办公厅主任一职，”但是没有给出原因。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.	2012年开始担任伊万诺夫先生副手的安东·瓦伊诺 (Anton Vaino) 已获任命为他的接任者。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.	瓦伊诺先生现年44岁，是一名前外交官。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.	他1972年出生在爱沙尼亚首都塔林，毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 (MGIMO)，在东京大使馆工作过。
Later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says (in Russian).	后来，他管理总统草案和政府员工，克里姆林宫网站（使用俄语）如是说。
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin: "Thank you for your trust."	获任命后，他对普京先生说：“谢谢您的信任。”
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.	我认为本政府最重要的任务就是支持国家元首起草法律和控制指令实施。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.	普京先生周五告诉俄罗斯电视台说，伊万诺夫先生自己要求辞职并推荐了瓦伊诺先生来接任自己。
Do the smiles convince?	这样的笑容令人信服吗？
This is a move that has mystified Moscow.	莫斯科对此举感到不解。
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.	长期以来，谢尔盖·伊万诺夫一直是普京最亲密的助手之一，跟普京一样，也在苏联安全局（克格勃）工作过。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.	作为办公厅主任，他曾是该国最具影响力的人士之一。
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.	在国家电视台播出的一次与普京总统的会面上，两人均称是这位办公厅主任自己要求辞职的。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced - especially now, just before parliamentary elections.	尽管在镜头前满面笑容，可是几乎没人信服——特别是在议会选举之前的这个时候。
So is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle?	所以，这是在某种权力争夺中落败导致的吗？
No-one knows yet.	尚无从得知。
But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy - has been met with great scepticism.	但是，官方说法——一个曾被视为总统候选人的人选突然间选择执掌俄罗斯的环境政策——引来了众多怀疑。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said "it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even - you could say - troublesome post, for four years.	克里姆林宫网站上引述了伊万诺夫先生与普京先生的对话，他说："是的，2012年初，我曾在一次对话中请求你予以我这个难做的职位，甚至可以说是麻烦的职位，四年的任期。"
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.	"结果是，我已担任总统办公厅主任四年八个月啦。"
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.	伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月担任此职。
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.	在此之前，他担任副总理和国防部长。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.	他是俄罗斯安全委员会的一员，还跟普京先生一样，也是国家安全局前成员。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.	20世纪90年代末，当普京先生出任联邦安全局（FSB，前身为国家安全局）局长时，伊万诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.	普京先生上台后，他又指定伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五人之一。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.	外界曾一度认为伊万诺夫先生可能会在普京先生第二任期结束后出任俄罗斯总统，因为三连任是违反宪法的。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.	但是这一职位最终归属于普京的另一位亲密助手德米特里·梅德韦杰夫 (Dmitry Medvedev)。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.	在三年半后重新任职总统之前，普京先生担任俄罗斯总理一职。
Mystery as fish land in Banff garden	神秘鱼惊现 Banff 一花园
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.	Banff 的一位居民发现有鱼惊现自家花园，随后发出了求助。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.	Kevin Bain 认为这75条鱼可能是被海上龙卷风刮来的沙鳗。
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.	Bain 先生居住在距离大海约500米的地方，他在 Periscope 上发布了这一奇怪场景的视频，希望有人能为他解释为何会出现这些两英寸长的鱼。
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife	昆斯费里大桥现已通至法夫
The £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017	该斥资13.5亿英镑的项目计划于2017年5月完工
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct - meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.	工程师们已经把昆斯费里大桥 (Queensferry Crossing) 的北桥面和高架桥连接到一起，也就是说大桥如今已通至法夫。
It is the first of four closures between the "deck fans," which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.	位于每座大桥三个桥头堡附近的四处“桥面风机”合龙现已接近竣工，而该项目为首个合龙的大桥。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.	起始于法夫的这段大桥长600米，重30,000公吨。
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.	它使用了10,000公吨钢材、20,000公吨混凝土和46根斜拉索。
The £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.	该斥资13.5亿英镑的项目计划于2017年5月完工。
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.	经济部长基思·布朗 (Keith Brown) 今天参观了现场，成为首批登上大桥的人之一。
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.	他说："这是昆斯费里大桥建造过程中的一个历史性时刻。"
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.	我们都见证了在如此宏大项目上的工程作业，光是建造该大桥的这一段就使用了超过30,000公吨混凝土和钢材。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.	尽管该桥的规模和重量都很巨大，但是完成高架桥和桥面之间的合龙却需要精细作业，需要非常精准的装配。
Overall, nearly 79% of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.	总的来说，近79%的总桥面现已安装完成，最后一段桥面的混凝土桥面今天在 Rosyth 浇注，也就是说所有桥面都已做好就位准备。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said: "The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.	昆斯费里大桥建造公司项目总监 Michael Martin 说："不管是哪个大桥项目，第一次合龙都是一个重大里程碑。"
On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.	就该了不起的项目而言，此次合龙展现出前沿的土木工程技术。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north - or landward - side.	安装最后一段路面板并将之连接至扩大的北桥堡路面板之后，接下来需要完成北侧或者接近陆地一侧的剩余缺口合龙。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.	完成该项作业需把北部高架引桥南移700毫米。
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.	这是一次规模巨大的作业，同时也是一次非常精密的作业。
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3%.	说它规模巨大，是因为高架桥长222米，重约6,000公吨，需要拉出一个约3%的斜度。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny - just a few millimetres either way.	说它精密，是因为工程团队需要确保偏差非常之小，每边只有几毫米。
Happily, it all went very well.	令人欣慰的是，一切都进展得很顺利。
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics	西蒙·拜尔斯摘得女子体操全能冠军
Forget the pressure.	忘掉压力。
Forget the hype.	忘掉炒作。
Simone Biles is immune to all of it.	西蒙·拜尔斯 (Simone Biles) 不受这一切的影响。
Dynamic on vault.	跳马时充满活力。
Effortless on beam.	平衡木上游刃有余。
Jaw-dropping on floor.	自由体操动作惊艳。
Brilliant all over.	整体表现非常精彩。
And now, finally, an Olympic champion.	现在，终于成为了奥运冠军。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.	这位19岁的美国体操运动员周四摘得了全能冠军，充分在奥运赛场上展示了她在体操方面领先世界的天赋。
Her total of 62.198 was well clear of silver medalist and "Final Five" teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.	她以62.198的总分远超银牌得主、“终极五人组”(Final Five) 队员莱斯曼 (Aly Raisman) 和铜牌得主俄罗斯选手穆斯塔芬娜 (Aliya Mustafina)。
United States' Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.	来自美国的西蒙-拜尔斯于周四在巴西里约热内卢举的2016年夏季奥运会的艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上进行了平衡木表演。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.	拜尔斯帮助美国队在奥运会女子体操个人全能上实现了四连冠，她个人在本届奥运会上共夺得五枚奖牌，进一步印证了她是这一代，也可能是有史以来，最优秀的体操队员。
She burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.	当看到自己总分的那一刻，拜尔斯忍不住流下泪水。她终于结束了这一漫长的旅程。
The achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights:	拜尔斯因此跻身像迈克尔-菲尔普斯 (Michael Phelps) 一样的“几十年一遇运动员”的行列，他们将各自领域的体育项目提升到新高度：
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold - with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."	拜尔斯最近三年一直称霸赛场，共夺得15枚世界锦标赛奖牌，其中包括十枚金牌。怀揣志向的她每日刻苦训练，以达到更高的精确度。1984年奥运冠军玛莉·卢·雷顿 (Mary Lou Retton) 称：“拜尔斯是我见过的最棒的体操运动员。”
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.	在巴西还有最后一场比赛，但这场比赛与其说是拜尔斯与其他体操选手的竞争，不如说是她自己与巨大期望压力之间的较量。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.	如果拜尔斯没有满载金牌回到她位于德克萨斯州斯普林的家，大家一定会非常失望。
United States' Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.	来自美国的西蒙·拜尔斯（左）与莱斯曼相互拥抱，她们在8月份（周四）巴西里约热内卢举办的2016年夏季奥运会的艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上分别获得金牌与银牌。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.	拜尔斯于周二斩获第一枚金牌，给即将退役的国家队教练卡罗利 (Martha Karolyi) 的欢送会奉上一份惊喜的厚礼。
While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.	尽管拜尔斯坚称自己在常年占据冠军宝座的过程中并没有计划未来，但事实不完全是这样的。
A portion of her floor exercise routine - the one that includes her signature tumbling pass - is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.	拜尔斯自由体操当中的一段——包括她标志性的翻腾串连的那一段，配的是拉丁音乐，而这段音乐正是她在与里约奥运会场馆仅有一街之隔住所里常听的。
It's not a coincidence.	这绝非巧合。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.	这个在婴儿时期被祖父母收养，并在一次体育馆实地考察旅行时被教练艾米·伯尔曼 (Aimee Boorman) 的母亲发现的女孩现已成长为中坚力量。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.	自从2013年夏季以来，拜尔斯就没有在全能比赛中失手过，只要想赢，她就一定会赢。
Though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.	穆斯塔芬娜两次旋转后的稍稍领先只是一个幻觉。
Balance beam and floor exercise - where Biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait.	平衡木与自由体操两个项目的卫冕世界冠军拜尔斯埋伏以待。
She went back in front with a 15.433 on beam - and capped it with a 15.933 on floor.	她的平衡木得分15.433，自由体操得分15.933。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score - a mere formality - and tears appeared around Biles' glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.	在等待最后比分出来的时候，莱斯曼轻轻抱了一下拜尔斯。当拜尔斯得知自己取得梦寐以求的成绩后，顿时留下了眼泪。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.	莱斯曼的表现有点像是对四年前的复仇，当时她并列第三，但在决胜局中输给了穆斯塔芬娜。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call "grandma" was well ahead.	但这一次，这位被美国人戏称为“奶奶”的22岁队长遥遥领先。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.	她在自由体操结束后向人群飞吻，宣告回归，但这样的回归以前有时却看起来存在疑问。
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning:	拜尔斯才19岁。从本周早些时候起，其消息就在推特上病毒般传播开来。就拜尔斯而言，其人生已被赋予了全新意义。
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets," survives Philadelphia shooting	“身中数弹”的6岁 Mahaj Brown 在费城枪击案中幸免
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.	警方称，一名六岁的男孩在费城遭到枪击，这也是本周该市第二个中枪的六岁儿童。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.	孩子的祖父母向 CBS Philadelphia 证实，遭枪击的孩子是 Mahaj Brown。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.	他们说，Brown 的腹股沟、腿、胳膊和腹部等部位有多处枪伤，但是孩子在送医途中是清醒的。
"He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.	“他遭了不少罪，小小的身体被子弹打得千疮百孔，”他的祖母 Delores Melendez 对电视台说。
I just can't believe it.	我简直不敢相信。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.	这名男孩在医院的情况很危急，已经接受了多次手术。
Family tells the station he is expected to recover.	他的家人告诉电视台说，孩子有望康复。
He was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.	他原本要开始在当地一所小学读一年级了。
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.	Brown 是 Germantown 地区遭到枪击的四人之一。
Also shot were three men: two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.	其他遭到枪击的三人中，两人29岁，一人32岁。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.	据 CBS Philadelphia 称，其中一名29岁的受害者情况危急；另两名受害者情况稳定。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.	电视台称，这名孩子与那名29岁的情况危急的受害者是在汽车前座上被发现的。
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.	另两名受害者不在车上，警方正在调查是否受伤人员中就有枪手。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.	调查人员告诉 CBS Philadelphia，看起来像是多名枪手交火。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.	现场发现了不少攻击性武器的弹壳，由此可推断他们使用的是不同的攻击性武器。
It appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.	由此判断，这无疑是一场持续战。
There were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.	街道两边的人行道上都有弹壳。
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged," Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.	“所以，由此可见当时现场有多名武装人员处于激战状态，”费城警察局长Anthony Ginaldi 对电视台说。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.	该地区有不少房屋及车辆受损。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.	尚未实行抓捕行动，据说，警察在调看监控录像。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.	周二，还有一名六岁儿童（女孩），在位于 West Oak Lane 社区的家门口玩耍时，被流弹射中胳膊。
She is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.	她目前正在康复，警察仍在追捕嫌犯。
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie	为何我们需要西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞
That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.	我就是这样评价今年的女子奥运体操队的，原因不止一个。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.	首先，从1984年起，我去了每一届夏季奥运会，但美国从未这般占据霸主地位。
And second: This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.	其次，这支体操队有三名优秀的体操运动员——西蒙·拜尔斯 (Simone Biles)、加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯 (Gabby Douglas) 和劳瑞·埃尔南德斯 (Lauren Laurie Hernandez)，她们一直激励着众多有色人种女孩。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.	这支队伍的组成令所有人都倍感自豪，因为里面包含了犹太教的阿里·莱斯曼 (Aly Raisman) 和天主教的麦迪逊·科希安 (Madison Kocian)。
This team looks, finally, like America.	这支队伍终于看起像美国队了。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.	它还巩固了黑人及拉丁裔女性在这项运动中的巅峰地位。
For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.	过去四年里，首屈一指的女体操运动员一直是非裔美国人。
Last year, Simone and Gabby were #1 and #2.	去年，西蒙和加布丽埃勒分列第一、第二位。
This is powerful.	这太厉害了。
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.	上届奥运会，加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯“出人意料”地成为了奥运冠军，这令美国欢呼不已。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.	如今，全世界都能见证三届世界冠军西蒙·拜尔斯、道格拉斯和劳瑞·埃尔南德斯精彩绝伦的表现。他们把常规的体操技巧演绎得出神入化。
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.	周四，西蒙帮助美国队在女子个人全能项目上实现四连冠。
And teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.	她的队友阿里·莱斯曼斩获了银牌。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.	我们登上了这项运动的巅峰，但在全美体操教学课堂上却并非如此。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.	西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞进入奥运代表队的途径跟阿里及麦迪逊一样。
They are the "Final Five" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.	她们是“终极五人组”(Final Five)，因为下届奥运体操队将由四名体操运动员组成，这是 Marta Karolyi 最后一年执教。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees (for the coaches and their gymnasts and families) and the list goes on.	但是现实却是，体操是一项费用昂贵的运动，体操运动员主要在私人体操俱乐部进行训练，她们的父母需要支付训练、设施、差旅、服装、比赛及旅馆费用（包括教练及体操运动员和家人的相关费用），并且费用清单还在不断增加。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.	大部分的体操俱乐部坐落在可为该项产业提供支持的富裕的郊区。
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts' families.	体操运动员的所有训练都在这些俱乐部完成，对体操运动员的家庭而言是一笔长期的昂贵开支。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.	拜尔斯的教练艾米·伯尔曼 (Aimee Boorman) 和埃尔南德斯的教练 Maggie Haney 自这两名体操运动员开始练体操起一直执教她们。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.	我们必须将更实惠、更可及的体操训练带给无数深受西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞影响的年轻女孩。
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.	20年前，我成立了自己的体操基金会。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15,000 urban youth (primarily black and Hispanic) and have trained national and international champions.	在我的组织中，我们在黑人住宅区向15,000余名城市青年（主要是黑人和西班牙裔美国人）提供免费、廉价的体操，并培养出全国乃至世界冠军。
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.	9月份，我们将扩大到底特律（我的家乡），向那些值得获得这一学习机会并将从这项了不起的奥运运动中受益的年轻人提供高品质体操。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.	体操有助于培养身体的力量、灵活性及协调性，还有助于培养吃苦耐劳的精神、自律性及决心。
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.	这些可为一个人的健康、学业及工作成功带来终身益处。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.	受这支队伍的鼓舞，成千上万名年轻女孩将学习体操，这真的很棒。
To participate in sport is so important, especially for girls.	参加运动意义重大，对女孩来说尤其如此。
This is such an exciting time.	这是一个激动人心的时刻。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of "Girl Power" in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.	感谢西蒙、阿里、劳瑞、加布丽埃勒及麦迪逊在赢得奥运团体金牌过程中所精彩展现出来的“女孩力量”，也感谢她们激励如此多背景各异的年轻女孩开启通向健康、强大、成功之路。
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal	驳回杰里米·亨特提议后，初级医生计划发起进一步罢工
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.	部长们起初希望通过接受英国医学协会 (BMA) 官员修改后的合同来结束这场由变化引发的纠纷，但是37,000名参与投票的初级医生中，有58%反对该合同。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in "no man's land" and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.	7月，亨特先生透露计划强制实行合同，他说英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 目前处于“真空地带”，稍有延误便会损害员工和患者的利益。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.	新合同首先提到修改初级医生通宵与周末工作惯例，以改善非正常工作时间的护理情况。
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors" committee chair, said in a statement last night: "Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly."	昨天晚上，BMA 初级医生委员会主席 Ellen McCourt 博士在一份声明中说道：“初级医生对拟议的合同仍有着严重担忧，尤其担心它会加剧当前的劳动力危机，也未能公平地对待所有医生。”
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.	距离首批医生签署新合同仅剩八周时间了，我们需要取得进展，时间不多了。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.	BMA 努力通过谈判解决纠纷，但是大家却不愿意参与，有时政府则以沉默应对。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.	尽管如此，就在上个月我们还是得到了杰里米·亨特的承诺，他说自己的大门始终敞开。
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors" concerns.	“杰里米·亨特现在需要采取行动了，取消强制执行，解决初级医生”担心的问题。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.	如果他不这样做，初级医生明确表示他们已经准备好采取进一步的劳工行动了。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.	上次罢工发生在4月底，导致近13,000台常规手术和100,000例预约延期，因为护士和会诊医生为纠察线上的医生打掩护。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.	部长们起初希望通过接受 BMA 修改后的合同来结束这场由变化引发的纠纷。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.	BMA 希望为合同所涉及的54,000名初级医生争取更好的周末工资。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.	NHS Employers 首席执行官 Daniel Mortimer 呼吁初级医生不要再上演任何罢工了。
Mr Mortimer said: "Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families."	Mortimer 先生说：“劳工行动收效甚微，相反却会对已然倾注全力的队伍和服务造成压力，导致患者、护理人员及其家人的担心、忧虑及混乱。”
Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.	过去两个月里，我们不断与初级医生委员会进行谈判，并和卫生部及其他部门一起积极回应他们对监护人角色和举报揭发的担忧。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics - such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.	雇主们希望继续积极探讨其他重要话题——如部署、培训的灵活性、针对那些在职业生涯中断后重上岗之人的其他培训、培训成本、对课程提纲的共同认知、进修假和医疗领域的性别工资差异，这些说明了雇主、英格兰健康教育组织 (Health Education England) 和卫生部对11月、2月及5月与 BMA 达成的协议很重视。
The £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat	每天2英镑的药物可降低心脏病发作威胁
Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.	相关官员建议将一种每天2英镑的药物推广给更多患者并且要延长服药时间，之后数以千计的心脏病患者将从这种药物中受益。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.	抗凝血药替卡格雷 (ticagrelor) 可降低心脏病患者的心脏病复发风险。
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.	这种药物在心脏病发作后持续服用12个月，可降低中风或心脏病再次发作的风险。
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.	英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 下属监管机构国家卫生与临床优化研究所 (NICE) 建议患者持续服药四年，以便进一步降低心脏血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.	但是现在，NHS 监管机构 NICE 建议给患者持续服药四年，以便进一步降低心脏血管疾病的风险。
Some 140,000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.	在英格兰，每年有大约140,000人罹患心脏病，其中有四分之一会继续遭遇心脏病复发或出现中风。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.	心脏病发作和中风是脂肪物质在动脉壁沉积形成斑块导致的。
If the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.	如果斑块断开，就会导致血栓，进而阻碍血流入心脏，导致心脏病发作。
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.	如果血栓移动，就会进入血流，阻碍血流入大脑，导致中风。
People who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.	已经经历过一次心脏病发作的患者，心脏病再次发作的风险更高。
Ticagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.	替卡格雷由英国公司阿斯利康 (AstraZeneca) 制造，以倍林达 (Brilique) 为商品名进行销售，可通过减少血栓的形成来降低发病风险。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.	今日发布的 NICE 指导草案建议患者服用90 mg 的替卡格雷12个月时间，之后的三年每天服用60mg替卡格雷和两次阿斯匹林。
Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."	NICE 卫生技术评估中心主任 Carole Longson 教授说：“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗，但是有多达四分之一有过心脏病发作史的患者会再次发病或中风，通常会造成严重后果。”
Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.	对复发的恐惧会对一个人的生活品质造成很大的负面影响。
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.	证据表明，替卡格雷与阿司匹林一起服用可有效降低那些经历过心脏病发作之患者心脏病复发及中风的风险。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.	替卡格雷的临时推荐将为成千上万受益的人们提供更多的治疗选择，对此我们深感欣慰。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - particularly the risk of bleeding - beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.	由于有关替卡格雷在三年后的疗效及安全，特别是出血风险的信息很有限，该指导草案并不建议在这一期限之后继续用其治疗。
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish	电脑文化使“选举舞弊”盛行穆斯林地区
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report	Tower Hamlets 前市长拉赫曼 (Lutfur Rahman) 因腐败去年惨遭革职，促使一份政府报告的发表。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.	“政治正确性”文化致使穆斯林社区普遍存在的选举舞弊行为被视而不见，这份具有杀伤性的政府报告今天这样揭示道。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of "over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."	前内阁大臣埃里克·皮克尔斯 (Eric Pickles) 爵士指责警方、选举监管机构和市政厅因“对种族划分和宗教问题过度敏感”而对滥用选举的证据视而不见。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.	这位原社区事务大臣、现任反贪一把手表示，拿宗教立场恫吓选民的做法影响恶劣，警方应被获准在投票站外设立警戒线，以此来保护心惊胆战的选民。
He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.	他建议选民投票时携带身份证件，以证实自己的身份。
Currently, a voter merely has to state their name and address.	目前，选民只需报出自己的姓名和地址即可。
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.	这份报告甚至建议在选民手指上涂上擦不掉的墨水，防止有人二次投票。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.	埃里克爵士说，应加大对举报者的保护力度。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.	他呼吁增加媒体了解会议文件及非官方委员会或工作组所做决定的途径。
"This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.	“这不仅仅是为了防范选举舞弊，还是为了保护地方政府免遭广泛的腐败文化以及与其密切联系在一起的金融诈骗的毒害，”他说。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.	这份报告是在东伦敦发生 Tower Hamlets 选举丑闻后，唐宁街要求发布的。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.	去年，一家特别选举法庭裁定在任市长拉赫曼存在一连串的腐败和违法行为，应遭到革职。
The court found Rahman "cynically perverted" the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.	该法庭发现，拉赫曼“非常可笑地滥用”穆斯林社区的宗教情感，并对剑指他种族歧视和伊斯兰恐惧症的指控闭口不谈。
Rahman, it was said, "ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him."	据说，拉赫曼“在竞选时宣称给他投票是忠诚穆斯林教徒的宗教义务。”
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.	多达300张选票存在疑点，可能是选民假冒他人投票的。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.	埃里克爵士说，有证据表明全国上下都存在选举舞弊行为。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud - in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.	他特别警示了邮寄选举舞弊，据说，穆斯林社区的资深成员对选民施加压力，迫使这些选民给他们指定的候选人投票。
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are	埃里克爵士（照片中）就清理投票机制给出了多条建议，其中就包括带好身份证件，以证实自己的身份
His report says: "Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.	他在报告中说：“证据表明，资深成员，特别是巴基斯坦和孟加拉国背景社区中的资深成员向一些少数族裔社区的弱势群体，尤其是妇女和年轻人，施加压力，让他们按照自己的意愿投票。”
"There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of "politically correct" over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."	“由于对种族划分和宗教‘政治正确性’过度敏感，他们担心国家机构会对这样的行为视而不见。”
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop "vote harvesting."	埃里克爵士提出了50条清理选举机制的建议，包括严禁政治活动家处理邮寄投票文件以阻止“投票收获”。
The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.	该报告还要求严查登记信息以防止选民名册被用于移民和福利诈骗。特雷莎·梅 (Theresa May) 也在考虑这份报告。
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.	这些建议包括要求选民在投票前出示身份证件。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.	投票后在选民手指上涂上擦不掉的墨水，防止有人二次投票。
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.	系统性核实选民的民族所属以确保投票资格。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.	将自动邮寄投票请求的有效期限定为三年。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.	禁止政治活动家及激进分子处理已完成的邮寄投票和邮寄投票信封。
Give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.	授权警方在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.	修改法律条款，使得能够更容易地依照《1983年人民代表法》 (Representation of the People Act 1983) 控告相关人员恐吓罪。
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.	规定在投票站拍照是违法的。
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations (except in Wales).	规定在投票站只可使用英语（威尔士地区除外）。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.	加强培训，确保工作人员严格执行“选民单独去投票厅”的规定。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.	埃里克爵士痛斥大都会警察局 (Metropolitan Police)，说他们在 Tower Hamlets 事件发生后没有提出任何犯罪指控，着实令人“惊讶不已”。
"The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.	“拉赫曼及其选举干事存在不少腐败及违法行为，因此遭到了选举法庭的撤销资格处分，”他说。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - to a criminal standard of proof - on a series of grounds.	依照刑事证明标准，他在很多方面无可置疑是有罪的。
He also criticises the ineffectual "tick-box inspections" of town hall electoral registration departments.	他还对市政厅选举登记部门形同虚设的“勾选框检查”大加批评。
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.	埃里克爵士说：“去年法庭对 Tower Hamlets 判决给大家敲响了警钟。”
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.	我国有着“议会之母”的光荣传统，然而某些机构私下偷偷摸摸的选举舞弊行为及事后的万般抵赖着实令人担忧，也威胁了这一良好声誉。
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians	里约奥运会上长相酷似凯特王妃的自行车手及撞脸其他名人的选手受到追捧
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.	本周，2016里约奥运会上长相酷似凯特王妃的法国自行车手波林·费朗德·普雷沃 (Pauline Ferrand Prevot) 受到了观众们的大力追捧。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger - at least not according to social media.	但是这位24岁的奥运选手不是本届夏季奥运会上唯一一位撞脸名人的金牌争夺者，至少社交媒体不这样认为。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.	因此，为纪念里约奥运会与当时屏幕上出现的所有名人脸，FEMAIL 整理了一份撞脸好莱坞明星的奥运选手名单。
The hunter and the wolf: U.S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid	猎人与狼：美国男子射箭队员布莱迪·埃里森 (Brady Ellison)（左）从小就被比作莱昂纳多·迪卡普里奥 (Leonardo DiCaprio)
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.	除了自行车赛道上撞脸凯特的选手外，很多网民很快发现某位射箭选手简直就是莱昂纳多·迪卡普里奥的孪生兄弟。
U.S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.	自从他的酷似于《华尔街狼人》 (Wolf of Wall Street) 主演造型的照片在推特上曝光后，美国男子射箭队员布莱迪·埃里森就在社交媒体上引起了巨大骚动。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.	事实上，这位射箭选手察觉到了社交媒体的炒作并承认打小就有人说自己长得像小李子。
'I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair,' Brady told Huffington Post.	“我自认为除了络腮胡以外，并不是长得很像，”布莱迪对《赫芬顿邮报》(Huffington Post) 说。
'He is a good-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment.'	“他是一个长相帅气的花花公子，所以我想这是对我的夸赞吧。”
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year: the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.	2012伦敦奥运会上最流行的对比之一今年无疑将被找到更多相似之处：英国跳远选手格雷格·卢瑟福 (Greg Rutherford) 长得像极了著名演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯 (Neil Patrick Harris)。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.	长着一双会说话的大眼睛的俄罗斯体操选手穆斯塔芬娜 (Aliya Mustafina) 被指长相酷似古巴裔美国歌星格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡 (Gloria Estefan)。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.	而在泳坛，多年来，南非游泳运动员卡梅伦·范德伯格 (Cameron van der Burgh) 一直被拿来和《欢乐合唱团》(Glee) 主演马修·莫里森 (Matthew Morrison) 做比较。
Changing it up: This user reckons that Nathan is an 'athletic version' of the Inception actor	换装：该用户认为倪家骏 (Nathan Adrian) 是该《盗梦空间》(Inception) 演员的“运动版”
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.	另外一对老被拿来比较的是网球明星拉菲尔·纳达尔 (Rafael Nadal) 和演员乔什·哈奈特 (Josh Hartnett)，他们的浓眉和嘴唇长得很像。
Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an 'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.'	摘得银牌的俄罗斯游泳选手艾菲莫 (Yulia Efimova) 和演员安娜丽尼·麦考德 (Annalynne McCord) 拥有同样的古铜色皮肤和金发，而美国队的倪家骏则被粉丝比作“运动版的约瑟夫·高登·莱维特 (Joseph Gorgon Levitt)”。
Tough women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes	女汉子：足球明星霍普·索罗 (Hope Solo)（左）和《嗜血法医》(Dexter) 演员珍妮弗·卡彭特(Jennifer Carpenter)（右）拥有相似的脸型和眼睛
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest	不是唯一的一个：一位推特用户很开心地发现其他人也看到了这些相似之处
Floating a theory: According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks	传播理论：据这位用户说，这一对长得像或许是有原因的
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that 'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical.'	一位推特用户最近开心地在网上宣称“其他网民也认为霍普·索罗和珍妮弗·卡彭特实际上长得一模一样。”
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.	确实，这位美国足球明星和这位《嗜血法医》主演拥有相似度极高的脸型和眼睛。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.	其他流行的对比包括克丽·沃尔什·詹宁斯 (Kerri Walsh·Jennings)，她的笑容几乎和女演员劳拉·琳妮 (Laura Linney) 的一模一样；还有获得金牌的体操选手盖比·道格拉斯 (Gabby Douglas)，她美丽而灿烂的笑容与《魅力四射》 (Bring It On star) 明星加布里埃尔·尤尼恩 (Gabrielle Union) 的笑容如出一辙。
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer 'died like a pig'	CBC 奥运会解说员就中国游泳运动员“像猪一样慢”的评论道歉
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday	周三，拜伦·麦克唐纳 (Byron MacDonald) 对14岁小将艾衍含获得女子4x200米自由泳接力赛第四名的评论惹怒了收看加拿大广播公司 (CBC) 奥运现场直播的观众
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer 'went out like stink' and 'died like a pig' during a race.	加拿大广播公司 CBC 的一名解说员说14岁的中国游泳小将在比赛中“出发时游得比臭气散发还快”，最后“却像猪一样慢”，之后 CBC 被迫对此道歉。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.	解说员拜伦·麦克唐纳在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛决赛结束时，发表了一些自己的看法，当时他以为自己的麦克风已经关掉。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide 'color' could be heard saying: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.	观众听到 CBC 解说员团队这位戴“有色眼镜”评论选手的拜伦说：“那名14岁的中国小姑娘犯了个愚蠢的错误。”
Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.	由于太激动了，开始出发时游得比臭气散发还快，但后来像头猪一样慢。
Thanks for that.	还真是多亏她了。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.	现年14岁的中国游泳选手艾衍含游的是第二棒，用时1分57秒79——落后加拿大的泰勒·拉克 (Taylor Ruck) 1.61秒，继而使得加拿大队缩小了与中国的差距。
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used	整个加拿大的观众都被这位解说员的语气及措辞给惊到了，之后他们很快在网络上做出了反应
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig'"????	Emmett Macfarlane 推送道：“那位 CBC解说员说中国14岁的游泳运动员‘慢得像猪一样’？？？”
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air.'	这个白痴没有意识到是在直播。
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby.'	参加女子4x200米自由泳接力赛决赛的中国小将艾衍含被这样描述：“那名14岁的中国小姑娘犯了个愚蠢的错误。”
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out	推特上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评迅速在推特上铺天盖地地袭来，很多人要求其退出解说。
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being	当推特用户听说拜伦·麦克唐纳对此反应迟钝时，他们并未就此打住。
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.	另一位推特用户 Sarah Paradis 写道：“哇#拜伦·麦克唐纳。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. #disgusted.	你代表的是 CBC 和加拿大，你的言行使得我们大家听起来都像一群种族主义者。#真令人讨厌。
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying: 'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air.'	不久后，CBC 广播主持人 Scott Russel 就拜伦的言论在直播中道歉，他说：“我们对直播游泳选手表现的评论而道歉。”
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened.'	“我们很抱歉出现这种不合时宜的措辞。”
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark	CBC 向那些对该言论有所回应的推特用户道歉90多次
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf	另一名解说员 Scott Russel 也代表拜伦致歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments	CBC 之后将他们的道歉复制粘贴给了其他90多位抗议拜伦解说的推特用户
The network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.	该频道也很快做出了道歉并发布了声明。
We sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.	我们对说出这样的话并将之直播出去感到无比抱歉。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.	昨晚，我们迅速采取行动，向收看我们直播的观众以及在社交媒体上关注我们的观众道歉。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.	需要说明的是，拜伦的解说针对的是游泳选手的表现，但是并不是针对她个人。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.	就是说，措辞确实不恰当，拜伦对此深感抱歉。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.	周四下午，麦克唐纳在直播中道歉，他说自己的言语没有半点人身攻击的意思，并企图借此为自己的言论开脱。
'I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay,' he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast.'	“我想花点时间为自己昨天晚上在女子接力赛结束后发表的言论道歉，”他在 CBC 奥运转播上如是说。
'I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person.'	“我只是评论游泳选手的表现，而不是针对其个人。”
'Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry.'	“当然，我没有不尊重的意思，我很抱歉。”
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop	Primark 顾客对一名厚颜无耻地在店中央试穿内裤的女子表示愤怒
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.	一名女子在一间 Primark 的店中央当场脱衣试内裤，店内顾客不知该朝哪里看。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.	更糟糕的是，她还打量自己穿上后看起来如何，然后将内裤脱下又放回货架。
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.	她继续浏览货架，并最终在位于 Folkestone 的 Bouverie Place 购物中心的这家店内试穿了四条内裤。
The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf	这名女子在位于 Folkestone 的 Bouverie Place 购物中心的这家 Primark 店内不断试穿内裤，然后又放回货架
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman 'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything.'	当时也在店内的 Jenny Davidson（两个孩子的母亲）说，试穿内衣后，这名神秘女子“再次穿好衣服，然后就走出了商店，什么都没买。”
She said: 'People couldn't believe what they were seeing.'	她说：“大家都不敢相信自己所看到的。”
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.	她就站在店中央，从货架上取下一条内裤，脱掉自己的紧身裤和内裤，然后就这样穿上了。
'She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it - she just stood there, bold as brass.'	“她没有试着去找隐蔽的地方去试穿——她只是站在那里，真是厚颜无耻。”
'Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf.'	“当她把内裤再次脱下来的时候，所有人都被惊得目瞪口呆。显然，她还是不满意，因为她把内裤放回了货架。”
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.	之后，她又像这样试了三条，最后发现都不是自己喜欢的，然后再次穿好衣服，走出店去。
'She didn't seem to care who was watching - or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on.'	“她看似并不在意有人在看她——或者也没有想过谁会最终买走她试穿过的内裤。”
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said: 'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned.'	居住在 Kent 镇的 Davidson 女士（33岁）说：“一想到有人会买走其他人穿过且没被清洗过的内裤，就觉得恶心。”
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.	这件事发生在周二下午。
Ms Davidson added: 'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left - which is just as well.'	Davidson 女士补充说：“待她离开后，店员显然要对这些内裤做下架处理，幸好如此。”
'I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed.'	“我讨厌买回家一条新内裤，却发现有另一个女人试穿过并且没有被清洗过。”
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9.'	Primark 的一位发言人说：“Primark 已经知道了8月9日（周二）发生在我们 Folkestone 店内的事情。”
All the product in question has been removed from sale.	所有有问题商品均已下架。
How to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga	如何在持枪攻击中使用马伽术保护自己
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail.com might help make it a little safer for you.	这个世界很危险，但是 Dailymail.com 上的这个视频或许能带给你一点安全感。
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.	我们向纽约的马伽术联盟 (Krav Maga Federation) 大师 Rhon Mizrachi 请教，了解如何近距离应对持枪行凶者。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.	不论他是从前面，还是后面靠近你，该视频都会教你如何转败为胜。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and 'clear the line of fire'.	Mizrachi 说，如果枪手从后面靠近你，你首先要做的就是转身，以便你能看到袭击者，并“清除火线”。
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.	接着，用前臂和肩膀夹住枪，然后用你的肘部击打袭击者面部。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.	接下来用膝盖顶其腹股沟，当袭击者因疼痛而弯下身子时，扭转他手中的枪，用枪管和后备枪组打他的脸，保持武器一直对准他。
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique - get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.	如果枪手从前面靠近，也采用类似技巧——让你的身体不在火线范围内，夺取枪并扭转枪口，以便枪手不能开火。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.	与此同时，将重量压在枪上并击打袭击者的胸部，并从他紧握的手中扭转枪口，然后将枪口对准他。
Sounds tricky?	听起来很复杂？
Check the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.	查看视频，看看 Mizrachi 到底是怎么做的。
But remember that the safest way out of any mugging - if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster - is to hand over your cash.	但是请记住，如果你不是马伽术大师的话，要想摆脱抢劫，最安全的办法就是交出现金。
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction	一户流氓家庭在遭驱逐前毁坏位于康沃尔郡索尔塔什的廉租房
A family of yobs left their council house with £50,000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.	因恐吓邻居而遭驱逐的一户流氓家庭，在离开前对其所住廉租房进行了破坏，造成了50000英镑的损失。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.	在遭到一长串的投诉后，Tanya Skeldon 与其丈夫 Shaun Trebilcock 被赶出了位于康沃尔郡索尔塔什的廉租房。
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.	在被强制从该住所遣离后，住房协会官员惊讶地发现这里遭到了严重破坏。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.	墙上到处是洞，地板被扯破了，垃圾扔得满地都是，墙壁上被涂的乱七八糟。
The family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation	遭到驱逐后，这家人一直在搬家，据说目前住在私人住宅
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.	康沃尔郡住房协会房屋经理 Donna McEvoy 说，她担心这处房子已经无法挽救了。
She said: 'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.	她说：“对于住在这里的人们来说，这就是一场噩梦，我不认为人可以这样生活。”
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.	现在有很多事情需要权衡，因为这处房屋很可能会成为康沃尔郡一个不太好的元素。
This family are notorious and their name is notorious.	这户家庭臭名昭著，他们的名字同样臭名昭著。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.	这对夫妇有三个儿子，他们会不时住在这里。警方表示，这户人家的恐怖行为包括使用棒球棍在街头打架、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、贩毒、大喊大叫、争吵以及咒骂。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.	六月份，这位名叫 Skeldon 的47岁租客收到了一份反社会行为决议。
Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished	在这栋可能遭到拆除的房子里，许多房间都是放置许久的垃圾
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past	在这间曾经交易过毒品的房间里，地板被掀起来了
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called	邻居称，经常看到他们在街头打架，也经常因此报警
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.	在给了11周的延长期让他们自愿搬离后，康沃尔郡住房协会本周强行将她与她的丈夫驱离该住所。
The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.	终于松了口气的邻居们为此欢呼不已，他们表示，之前的生活简直是人间地狱。
One said: 'They didn't care about anybody.'	一位邻居说道：“他们不在乎任何人。”
We lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.	我们在他们隔壁住了20年，一直这么糟糕。
The amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.	我们曾无数次看到警察登门。
'This morning, we couldn't sleep.'	“今天早晨，我们竟睡不着了。”
We got up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to that!	我们早早就起床了，因为这里太安静了——我们还不习惯呢！
It's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.	他们终于走了，真是太好了。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.	康沃尔郡住房协会社区执行经理 Adam Fitzpatrick 说道，这户人家没能好好配合当地政府。
The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property	这家人在这所房子里住了20年，警察经常造访
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house	垃圾和旧玩具被扔在该廉租房杂草丛生的一边
He added: 'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.	他补充说：“令人遗憾的是，该房客没有为她与家人的行为而负任何责任，驱逐是康沃尔郡住房协会最后考虑的做法。”
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.	这是一起非常难处理的案件，因为他们的行为非常极端，而他们的所作所为也一定让邻居们感到万分恐惧。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.	我感谢我的团队所做的工作，也要感谢德文郡与康沃尔郡警方以及勇敢向我们提供信息的社区成员。
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.	我希望此举将给邻居们带来些许安慰，并传递这样一个信息：我们对反社会行为绝不容忍。
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.	Fitzpatrick 先生表示，他们的三个儿子在不同时期都在这个房子里住过，但是也说了，他们都才20多岁。
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction	在他们遭驱离后，其中一间卧室的地板上还扔着一个脏床垫
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house	住房协会工人很快将清理房子周围成堆的垃圾
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash.	2014年，警方曾搜查了该房屋，发现了70多克大麻，还发现了天平、吸毒用具及1,700英镑现金。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.	认罪后，Skeldon 因持有 B 类毒品及贩卖毒品意图被处以罚款。
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.	她声称，钱是用来给2013年死于车祸的儿子 Lee Skeldon 买墓碑的。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.	据了解，在无家可归后，Tanya 与其丈夫现在住在普利茅斯的一处私人房屋。
The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.	该住房多间房间的墙上都画满了涂鸦。
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies	警方表示，他们将驱逐违抗租户规则的租客。
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.	德文郡与康沃尔郡警局的 Angela Crow 表示，此次驱逐向其他继续违抗租户规则的租客发出了明确警告。
'This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour,' she said.	“这一警告针对的是那些认为自己的行为不会受到指责，以及那些受这种行为摧残的人们，”她说。
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.	德文郡与康沃尔郡警局绝不容忍犯罪与反社会行为，他们将继续携手合作伙伴保护我们的社区。
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected	里德：希拉里若当选总统将提名加兰德进入最高法院
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.	参议院民主党领袖哈里·里德 (Harry Reid) 说，他确信若民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿(Hillary Clinton) 当选总统，她将提名加兰德 (Merrick Garland) 法官进入最高法院。
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.	参议院共和党人自巴拉克·奥巴马 (Barack Obama) 总统三月份提名加兰德以来，一直阻止对加兰德进行确认。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.	参议院多数党领袖米奇·麦康奈尔 (Mitch McConnell) 表示，下届总统将选择此人来接替已故最高法院法官斯卡利亚 (Antonin Scalia)。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland "with some degree of credibility."	里德在周四的一次电话会议上说，他预测希拉里会选择“有一些可信度”的加兰德。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.	里德的一位女发言人随后说，里德没有就是否会提名加兰德直接与希拉里对话，并说他只是猜测。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to "rock the boat" with a new pick.	他对加兰德大加赞赏，并说希拉里的团队不希望因新人选而“搅局”。
Garland is the chief judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.	加兰德是美国哥伦比亚特区联邦巡回上诉法院的首席法官。
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are "minions" and "enablers" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.	里德说，阻止加兰德提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普 (Donald Trump) 的“宠臣”与“成就者”。
He said Trump is unfit for office.	他说特朗普不适合当总统。
Treats says nude calendar for 'women, as well as men'	《Treats》：裸体日历“男女都喜爱”
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s' Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.	《Treats》杂志将携手摄影师 David Bellemere 拍摄一组灵感源自20世纪70年代 Pirelli 的2017年日历。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.	此次，他们计划为其2017 NU Muses 日历寻找新一代顶级模特，而非著名的裸体人。
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because "Playboy is for men."	《Treats》总裁 Steve Shaw 今年早些时候表示，他们以裸体为主的杂志不同于老派的《花花公子》，因为“后者面向男性。”
I do this for women.	而我们则面向女性。
Apparently he thinks the calendar is, too.	显然，他认为这组日历也是这样。
"We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.	“我们需要展示让女性和男性都感觉自在的永恒而经典的裸体，而这次正是受此启发，”Shaw 在一次日历推介发布会上如是说。
Women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.	女性会乐于参与此次拍摄，因为它是一个美丽的艺术品。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.	模特们可在线提交照片应聘，也可亲自到洛杉矶和纽约的公开招募现场应聘。
Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal - video report	视频报告显示：小头睡鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.	科学家表示，小头睡鲨 (Greenland shark) 是地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物。
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length	一直研究鲨鱼的 Julius Nielsen 说，据资料记载，有一头雌性小头睡鲨的年龄预计介于272岁至512岁之间，体长达五米。
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp	法国法院驳回拆除丛林难民营中商店的请愿书
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.	法国一家法院驳回了加莱政府意在拆除“丛林”难民营中几十家临时搭建的商店及餐馆的请愿书。该难民营中目前居住着上千名难民。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.	在该法院本周的听证会上，加莱政府辩称法国政府应有权拆除该难民营内总计72间临时搭建的商店。民众在难民营中的这些商店里销售从香烟到能量饮料在内的商品、提供理发服务，还在临时搭建的餐馆中以50美分（40便士）的价格卖茶或以几欧元的价格售卖基本餐点。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.	加莱省长办公室认为这些地方应被拆除，因为它们是不缴税的平行经济，还存在火灾和卫生隐患。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.	人道主义团体却对法院表示这些商店和餐馆极为重要，因为国家支持的协会及其他团体所提供的免费食物根本无法满足该难民营不断增长的难民的需求。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.	他们称，这些临时搭建的商店和餐馆经常为有需要之人提供庇护所及免费食物。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns "were totally understandable."	里尔一家法院裁定，没有法律依据来驱逐这72间临时商店的经营者，但表示加莱省长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that "live in extremely precarious conditions."	Jean·François Molla 法官表示，这些杂货店、咖啡馆及餐馆的作用远不止简单地向那些“生活在极其危险条件下”的难民提供食物。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.	他说，这些地方是难民和志愿者之间平静的汇合点。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids" Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.	其中一个遭到拆除威胁的地方就是该难民营的“Jungle Book Kids”咖啡馆，该非营利性小店每天提供200份食物、英语及法语课，还为该难民营中数百名无人陪伴的弱势未成年人提供庇护建议。
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids" cafe.	170000多人签署了请愿书来保护这间咖啡馆。
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure "would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight."	一封给《卫报》(Guardian) 的信中写道，关闭这间咖啡馆“将是这些儿童（很多儿童只有八岁）的一场大灾难。”
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9,000 people - the highest ever - after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.	Help Refugees 和 L'Auberge des Migrants 这两家慈善组织周五预计，丛林难民营中的难民数量已突破9000，这也是继夏季难民人数激增以来的最高水平。
"This 5,000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money."	“这5000元资助，解了我的燃眉之急。”
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.	花垣县长乐乡米迫村贫困建档立卡户女孩周芬收到了南华大学录取通知书。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 5000-yuan subsidy on August 9.	正当她为入学费用犯愁时，8月9日，团县委及时给她落实了5000元资助款。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2.838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.	连日来，县有关部门还为690余名贫困大学生落实283.8万元就学资助。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.	同时，对于家庭经济状况特别困难的，还通过组织社会捐资助学等形式，帮助其完成学业。
This year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18.5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2.5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.	花垣今年整合助学资金1850多万元，财政自筹250多万元，由财政部门按规定时限打入贫困学生实名银行卡中。
"I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely." She said gratefully.	她感激地说：“我原以为爸爸去世了，我和哥哥都上不成大学了，没想到县里及时为我们解决了困难。”
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13,140 poverty-stricken students.	截至8月8日，花垣已为13140名贫困学生落实今年上半年各种救助资金2100多万元。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.	所有本县籍贫困学生实现了应助尽助、该补则补。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.	记者在现场看到，一辆大型的货柜车车头在交警指挥下移靠在快车道上，货柜箱掉落在绿化道，路边被砸出一条2厘米深的坑。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars (about 154 million US dollars) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.	据新华社消息澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府11日宣布，将斥资2亿澳元（约合1.54亿美元）对著名的悉尼歌剧院进行建成以来最大规模的修缮。
The New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.	新南威尔士州政府表示，此次修缮不会改变歌剧院贝壳状的外形。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.	悉尼歌剧院是悉尼的地标性建筑之一，由丹麦建筑师约恩·乌特松设计，1973年建成，每年接待约800万参观者。
Rory Jeffes, general manager of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a "turnaround" via this renovation and become one of the world's concerts with the best sound effects.	悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·杰夫斯认为，悉尼歌剧院将借这次改造打个“翻身仗”，成为“世界上音响效果最好的音乐厅之一”。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.	在京居住6个月以上的且符合在京有合法稳定就业、合法稳定住所、连续就读条件之一的非京籍市民,可以申请领取居住证。
Recently, the launch of implementation details of "Residence Permit Provisional Regulations" indicates that the "temporary residence permit" will be upgraded to "residence permit".	近日,北京《居住证暂行条例》实施细则出台,这意味着“暂住证”将升级为“居住证”。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the "temporary residence permit" to "residence permit" means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the "management" to multi-directional services.	相关部门负责人称,从“暂住证”到“居住证”的转变,意味着北京对非京籍常住人口将从“管理”转为多方位服务。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation (SAT) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2,470 illegal "blacklist" cases.	记者今天从国家税务总局了解到,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关已公布税收违法“黑名单”案件2470件。
It is understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.	据了解,2014年7月,国家税务总局在中央政府职能部门中先行一步,与《纳税信用管理办法》联袂发布了《重大税收违法案件信息公布办法》。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the "blacklist" exposure.	不但这些案件的违法事实、法律依据、处理处罚情况会被公布,而且违法当事人的基本信息以及相关中介机构责任人也会被列入“黑名单”一并曝光。
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the "blacklist" parties.	质检、财政、海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”当事人采取了相关惩戒措施。
"The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature."	“信用修复机制是税收信用体系建设乃至全社会信用体系建设的一个重要的里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设在不断发展完善,日趋成熟。”
"Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living."	“环境问题表现在大气、水、土壤污染上，但根子还是在生产生活方式上”。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21% in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.	例如，2015年江苏省土地开发度高达21%，位列全国省、自治区最高。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.	因此，高污染、大能源、多占地的问题还没有从生产生活方式转变上得到根本性应对。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.	一方面，从江苏省各级各类生态环境创建成效来看，以绝对优势位居全国首位；但另一方面，资源环境承载压力大。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.	扎实推进生态环境保护和治理，需要从根本上推进生产生活方式转变，以生态文明建设促转型惠民生。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.	11日，在连云港港码头，由国电集团生产的42片风电叶片装船准备出口南非。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.	自去年以来，国电集团共计有163套风电项目陆续从连云港港出口南非。
The third party company (non-Chinese company) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.	奥组委委托制作国旗的第三方公司（非中国公司）在巴西圣保罗州，距离圣保罗市约75公里。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.	为督促厂家尽快完工，中国驻圣保罗总领馆组织专人赶赴厂家，深入做工作。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.	经过30个小时加班加点，该厂家终于完成中国国旗制作并装车赴运，将原本需要4－5个工作日的任务提前完成。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.	据悉，国旗预计于11日运抵里约，奥组委收到国旗后会送到各个奥运场馆，整个过程将在中国驻巴西使领馆的监督之下完成。
(This newspaper) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.	本报讯10日，南通市政府在上海国际会议中心举办沪通产业合作恳谈活动，180多家上海企业受邀参加，20个亿元以上沪通产业对接项目现场签约。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8.063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.	集中签约的20个项目总投资80.63亿元，涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务业等多个行业。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first trial city to use and trade emissions.	青岛是全国第12个也是山东省首个排污权有偿使用和交易试点城市。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.	11日,多家企业分别来到青岛市排污权交易中心提交排污权申购,申购受理后将缴纳有偿使用费。
The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.	此次即将完成的交易首单也预示着青岛排污权交易试点工作正式拉开序幕,这也将是全省排污权交易首单和全国城市级排污权交易首单。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical (Group) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.	11日上午,青岛双桃精细化工(集团)有限公司总经理赵秀平来到青岛市排污权交易中心提交排污权申购。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.	该企业位于青岛老城区的厂区去年年底全面停产,环保搬迁至平度的新厂区。
After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.	赵秀平提交了申请表、建设项目环境影响报告书等材料后,青岛市排污权储备和交易服务中心开始对申请材料进行初审。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641,200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.	根据青岛市物价、财政等部门确定的征收标准,目前预估算的初始排污权使用费约为64.12万元,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成核定。
The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.	此次即将完成的交易首单也预示着青岛排污权交易试点工作正式拉开序幕,也将是全省排污权交易首单和全国城市级排污权交易首单。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.	赵秀平说,目前企业环保已投资达4个亿,表面上数额巨大,但对企业经营管理理念、社会效益都有很大影响,对企业创新管理也开辟了空间。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4,200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.	当天,青岛四方新诚志卓客车配件有限公司也来为年产4200件高铁及动车组内饰配件项目申购排污权。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand (COD) and ammonia (NOX) are 0.514 tons/year and 0.052 tons/year, respectively.	该项目属于机械加工企业,申请的初始排污权为化学需氧量(COD)0.514吨/年、氨氮(NOX)0.052吨/年。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.	大气污染物排污权有偿使用和交易为全市电力、热力生产供应重点工业企业。
On January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.	2016年1月1日前已取得环评的现有排污单位,暂不征收有偿使用费。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.	“有偿获得排污权并不等于获得了违法排污的权力,并不能随意地排放污染物。”
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.	青岛市环保局副局长汉红燕介绍,如果违法排污、超标排污仍然要按照相关的法规予以处罚,不可能允许违法企业通过购买排污权的方式来规避处罚。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises' over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.	也就是说,通过法律手段严厉打击环境违法行为,严惩企业的超标排污行为,从而保护环境,保障公众健康。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.	现在企业为了自身的利益,提高了治污的积极性,珍惜有限的排污权,减少了污染物排放。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants' discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.	有了经济利益的驱动,减少污染物的排放就从政府的强制行为变为企业自觉的市场行为,从而真正达到保护环境、保护自然、保障公众健康的目的。
Emission right, also known as "dumping right", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.	排污权又称“排放权”,是排放污染物的权利,指排放者在政府分配的额度内,依法享有的向环境排放污染物的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.	这种权利实质上是排污者对环境容量资源占有、使用和收益的权利。
Next, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.	下一步,在污染物排放总量不超过允许排放量的前提下,内部各污染源之间通过货币交换的方式相互调剂排污量。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.	排污权交易自1968年由美国经济学家戴尔斯提出以来,20世纪70年代开始美国将其应用于大气及河流污染源的管理。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.	我国从2007年开始进行试点,目前已有浙江、江苏等14个省(区、市)在全面推行。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the "Islamic State" target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.	据俄罗斯国防部介绍，为协助这6架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内“伊斯兰国”目标实施空中打击，多架俄军战机从叙利亚赫迈米姆空军基地升空提供支持。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.	今年2月22日，美国与俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突各方停火达成协议，停火协议自当月27日起开始执行。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including "Islamic State" and "Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.	根据协议，停火不包括对“伊斯兰国”“支持阵线”等联合国安理会认定的恐怖组织的军事打击。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.	俄将在该基地继续建设相关军事基础设施，俄军人的生活条件也会得到相应保障。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.	他还说，如果不对极端主义势力进行打击，这些势力会扩展到俄罗斯。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.	虽然俄罗斯与西方没有在共同打击叙极端主义势力方面达成协议，但俄会在此方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗、伊拉克等方面的合作。
In September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.	2015年9月，俄罗斯应叙利亚政府邀请开始对叙极端主义势力进行军事打击。
On March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.	今年3月15日，俄驻叙主要军事力量开始撤离，但俄方承诺会继续保留驻赫迈米姆空军基地和驻塔尔图斯海军基地。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example: to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.	在老宅新生和成功乡创的案例中，何培均做了很好的示范：传承一间百年古宅，同时也讲述一块土地的传承故事。
Today, 100,000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.	如今，每年平均有10万人次会聚到竹山，或是带来各种各样的创意，或是寻求内心的宁静。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.	其实，乡村和城市的关系应该是相互陪伴，就像母亲和孩子一样，没有强弱之分，没有需要谁来统治谁，应该是很温暖的。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.	乡村开发没有什么固定的模式，但靠乡村自发的改变难乎其难，最重要的一点应该是让对的人到乡村去。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.	上海市松江区交管部门近日使用电子警察整治驾驶员开车玩手机，一个星期查获30多起。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.	随着智能手机的普及，手机越来越好玩，刷微信、发微博乃至玩游戏、逛淘宝都成常态，很多人似乎须臾离不开手机，连开车的时候都停不下来。
According to "Road Traffic Safety Act", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as "behavior preventing safe driving".	《道路交通安全法》明令禁止开车玩手机，并将它定义为“妨碍安全驾驶行为”。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.	遗憾的是，因违法者众、取证难等原因，这种现象并没有受到应有惩处，法律规定几乎成了摆设。
If the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.	如果交管部门都能下定决心向开车玩手机行为“宣战”，将这一措施常态化，这种违法行为就一定能受到遏制。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou (household registration) and ensure the completeness and validity.	要严密户籍档案管理，对无户口人员户口登记材料逐一建立电子和纸质档案，确保档案资料完整有效。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.	公安机关应当将办理无户口人员户口登记的情况，及时通报相关部门。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.	对与本实施意见精神不一致的政策措施将进行一次集中清理，该修改的认真修改，该废止的坚决废止。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.	在太仓市东林村的集体大棚里，48岁的王雪芬正带着工人给梨树喷洒农药。
There are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.	全村150亩果园，10多个树种，只需要12位工人加1位技术工程师。
Last year, the income was a total of RMB 50,000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.	去年5万块钱一共，像我这个年龄，如果在工厂打工肯定拿不到这个钱。
Last year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.	去年，东林村村级收入达到2200万元，其中农业总收入占比近一半。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu (a unit of area, one "mu"=0.0667 hectares) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.	村书记苏齐芳：人均土地种植面积每年在提升，刚开始50亩，现在已经超过100亩；亩均效益每年在增加，职业农民的收入也每年都有增长的余地。
With shares quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.	股份量化到每一个村民，苏南农村集体经济改革的最大亮点就在于明晰农村集体经营性资产产权并探索政经分开。
In July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement "sub-account management". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.	2015年7月，无锡市锡山区安镇街道14个农村经济合作组织与所在村村委会“分账管理”，村委会履行农村公共事务管理，合作组织则主要从事经营。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.	两个机构两本账，互不“搭界”，防止村干部参与集体资产经营发生腐败现象。
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.	江苏省农委副主任祝保平介绍说，江苏下一步将继续推动社区股份合作制改革，鼓励农民联合发展，建立村级的民主权力运行机制。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.	祝保平：进一步把改革往前推进，搞社区股份合作，把资产量化到社员，固定到农户，形成明确的产权。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.	通过互联网+，落实他的知情权，决策的参与权及民主管理的监督权，三个权利落实给农户，确实让它变成规范的股份合作的运行机制。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.	目前，苏南农村新集体经济主要形成了资产租赁型、企业股份型、农业开发型、联合发展型4种发展模式。
It is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the "Belt and Road Initiative" development.	据了解，海外会展成为推动浙江省“一带一路”建设的重要平台。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the "Belt and Road Initiative" road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.	这些海外展会的成功举办为继续开拓“一带一路”沿线新兴市场，打造海外会展综合平台积累了宝贵经验和良好基础。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.	匹克将始终以提升消费者的运动需求为导向，构建体育产业生态圈，加速由单一体育用品制造企业向专业体育服务企业战略升级。
Hamir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.	哈米尔又说，另有34人受伤送医，包括3名消防人员受了轻伤，他们已经出院。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.	由于有些住户仍下落不明，他也呼吁起火公寓的居民与当局联络。
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei (Mariana Turay) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said: "It seems like a bomb falling down."	据悉，在这栋公寓住了30年的杜雷女士(Mariana Turay)表示：“好像有炸弹掉下来。”
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.	据悉，当地消防队花费了1小时45分钟才扑灭大火，附近建筑的居民在几小时后获准返回住处。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.	美国红十字会人员估计，大约有100人无家可归，其中60至70人暂留附近小区中心的收容所，他们大都是西裔居民。
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng "Crane Lake".	8月11日，首届锦州湿地旅游文化节在锦州东方华地城“鹤泉湖”畔启幕。
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10% of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11.3% in 2015.	从2014年起，旅游产业创造的收入，占锦州市GDP10%；2015年更是达到了11.3%。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No.1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.	东方华地城湿地温泉旅游区，地处锦州市凌海大有经济区滨海公路凌海段1号，距离锦州市区70公里，距离凌海市区50公里，距离盘锦市70公里。
There are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.	景区有室内温泉占地3000平方米，室外温泉占地4600平方米。
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin: "handsome hands" encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several "reverse"	厦门姑娘张彬彬：“手型漂亮”开始射击之路职业生涯几经“逆转”
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.	厦门翔安区东园村的张东红前几天刚把家中29寸的老电视，换成了65寸的大电视。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.	这位普通农民的女儿，就是11日晚为中国斩获里约奥运会女子50米步枪三姿决赛银牌的张彬彬。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.	11日夜，就在这部新电视前，张东红夫妇和几十位亲戚好友，一起见证了女儿一路奋起直追，从几乎预赛就被淘汰到差点大逆转的神奇过程。
At the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.	在当日的比赛中，张彬彬一度排名中下游，似乎距离决赛十分遥远。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.	但父母和亲朋好友没有放弃，不停地刷着文字直播，看到随着其他选手完赛，张彬彬名次一路提升，最终锁定决赛席位，其家中顿时爆发从一阵欢呼。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0.2 rings behind the champion.	决赛中，张彬彬又是在一度排名靠后的情况下，最后几枪越打越稳，仅以落后冠军0.2环成绩夺得银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.	今年已经27岁的张彬彬，在16年的射击生涯中，其实有几度都差点与这块来之不易的银牌擦身而过。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few "little persuaders" from her village at their hesitation.	其母张小龙告诉记者，就在他们犹豫时，张彬彬找来了同村的几个“小说客”。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.	这些“小说客”是当年同时被推荐参加集训的同村小孩，其中还有张彬彬的表姐。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.	就在进入厦门队后不久，张彬彬又一度因为家庭困难等原因，主动回到翔安的学校读书。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.	但是在其启蒙教练张亚杰反复做工作后，张彬彬又回到了厦门队。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.	而进入省队后，张彬彬又曾因为迟迟进不了国家队，一度因为看不到希望而再度回到家里。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.	这次，不仅张亚杰教练，厦门射击射箭运动中心和福建省队的领导和教练都来到家里，最终劝说张彬彬回到省队。
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.	就如同昨天的比赛，这位厦门姑娘的用坚持实现了射击之路上的一个个逆转。
"Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands."	“每个教练挑选队员的方法不一样，当时我看到彬彬的手长得很漂亮，就一下子相中了。”
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.	张东红也回忆，在集训测试中，女儿虽然成绩不是最好，但打出的环数很稳定，这也是张彬彬吸引教练的重要原因。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.	在训练张彬彬的过程中，张亚杰印象最深的，则是这位农家女孩的投入。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.	他回忆说，张彬彬进入厦门射击队一年后多，队里进行立射的持久举枪训练，要求队员半个小时不能动。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and producing toys.	张小龙告诉记者，女儿一直是个安静乖巧的孩子，从小就喜欢画画和自制手工玩具，
"I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls."	“原来我会在家里做做衣服、缝缝补补，彬彬就会捡一些边角料自己做娃娃。”
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.	她说，女儿常常会自己缝制手工玩具，加上她擅长画画，从娃娃的五官到衣饰，总能做得栩栩如生。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.	作为运动员，张彬彬和家人聚少离多，只有节假日才能回家，平时多靠电话联系。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.	父母说，无论是见面还是打电话，张彬彬很少说自己的辛苦，更多的是跟父母聊些开心的事。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.	平时见不到女儿，父母在家中将女儿小时候的画作以及历年的荣誉都细心收存着。
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, "She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter."	张小龙将女儿的动漫画作展示给记者，“如果没有当射击运动员，她应该还会继续画画”。
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.	而在张彬彬家二楼客厅，有一个柜子内放满了她所获得的奖章、奖牌和证书。
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. "This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years' efforts. We feel quite cherished."	张东红将奖牌和奖章整齐摆放，证书则统一放进了文件夹保存，“这些都是彬彬十几年心血换来的荣誉，我们都很珍惜。”
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16,000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.	近日，河北省慈孝基金将16000元慰问金送到井陉县小作、台头、贵泉等村6户失亲家庭手中。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding "bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016".	这是该基金向社会发出寻找“7.19洪灾中失亲少年儿童和孤独老人”启示后的又一次慰问关爱行动。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.	7.19强降雨致使河北省多地受灾，造成省内部分地区出现洪涝灾害，并出现人员死亡和失踪。
The good man "Lao Tie" sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man "Lao Tie" made the entire provincial capital moved.	好人“老铁”因帮助小区义务排水不幸牺牲，留下2岁的幼儿和身怀六甲的妻子，好人“老铁”的感人事迹感动了整个省城。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3,200-yuan love donation.	8月4日，河北省慈孝基金工作人员和河北品牌会志愿者一起来到好人“老铁”家中，把3200元爱心款交到“老铁”的家人手里。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of "Lao Tie", they immediately decided to carry out "love charity" activities among enterprise members to help "old iron" family to ride out the storm.	当品牌会副会长叶莉了解到“老铁”家人的现状后，当即决定在品牌会的企业会员里开展“爱心义卖”活动，帮助“老铁”家人共度难关。
Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.	河北省慈孝基金，全称为河北省志愿服务基金会·慈孝基金，由河北品牌会筹委会发起，成立于2015年8月。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.	据香港《东方日报》8月12日报道，目前内地钻石销售被指存在三大问题，包括虚标钻石净度推高售价、虚标钻石重量、售后无保障等。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.	而安特卫普为全球最大的钻石交易中心之一，当地工匠的钻石切割技术名满天下，所出售的钻石经过严格鉴定，深受内地女士的欢迎。
"A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.	“一个小布袋，握在手心，轻飘飘的一小撮，价值近百万元”，一名参与代购钻石的刘姓大妈，向内地传媒描述她今年六月在安特卫普的经历。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.	她指自己把钻石藏在内衣里，连续几日上厕所、洗澡都带着，走路睡觉都十分紧张。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55,000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111,000 in Xia'men.	她称在安特卫普所买的钻石，购入价为每克拉约五万五千元，同品质的钻石在厦门的零售价约十一万一千元。
Recently, she sold the diamond with 120% more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.	她日前以购入价加两成，把代购的钻石全部售出，一次过大赚二十万元。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.	据内地海关规定，钻石非旅客于行程中的用品或必需品，故属于货品范畴，出入境时需申报，否则或列作走私，情况严重可被判入狱。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.	据外媒报道，当地时间10日，英国首相府唐宁街宣布：英国首相特蕾莎·梅将到瑞士度过暑假，但没有透露具体的休假地点。
According to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the "neutral country", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.	有媒体称，在英国公投脱欧后，英国新首相选择到欧洲大陆上的“中立国”瑞士度假，带有某种政策象征性。
The British "Guardian" commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.	英国《卫报》评论称，瑞士这个中立国所代表的象征性在英国首相第一次度假地的选择上发挥了作用。
British "Daily Telegraph" commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.	英国《每日电讯报》评论指出，特蕾莎·梅选择到瑞士度假，这是撒切尔夫人后，首次再有英国首相到瑞士度假。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.	两位女首相的选择和布莱尔和卡梅伦两位男首相喜欢到较热的地方度假形成了反差。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.	据悉，英国新首相特蕾莎·梅将在8月24日返回伦敦，之后等待她的是一系列重要工作和活动。
The British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.	英国议会将于9月5日复会，辩论的议题中包括网上要求的举办第二次脱欧公投事宜。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.	6月23日英国公投决定脱欧，但英国新首相不愿在年底前启动里斯本条约有关成员国脱欧的第50款内容。
There are 1,325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.	黄山市现存非物质文化遗产项目1325个，种类和数量均居全省第一。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.	由于徽文化非遗传承主要依赖口传面授，许多非遗濒临失传，运用数字化技术保存和保护势在必行。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.	根据省人大常委会今年工作要点安排，常委会计划听取审议专项工作报告，并开展实施银行业监督管理法、服务地方经济发展情况专题询问。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.	8月中旬，常委会将组织两个调研组赴部分市开展调研，为专题询问作准备。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.	花建慧指出，省人大常委会听取和审议垂直管理部门专项工作报告并开展专题询问，在我省尚属首次，是加强和拓展人大监督工作的积极探索。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.	在新疆喀什的演习导演部，随着总导演的一声令下，武警驻喀什、和田、阿克苏三地的各部队迅速按照导调指令，实施机动集结，开赴演习作战地。
China's Mars program is coming	中国的火星计划来了
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.	我国火星探测任务要一次实现环绕、着陆、巡视，这种形式在国外从没有过。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.	我国的火星探测发射目标是想一步环绕、着陆、巡视，这个任务具有相当大的难度。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.	因为火星探测要26个月才能遇到一个时间窗口，所以专家们正在严密地制定工程计划，争取在2020年这个窗口发射我国第一个火星探测器。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.	据许达哲介绍，尽管我国的飞行器已经进入了深空，但是完成火星探测任务仍不可或缺，探测火星意味着中国从真正意义上迈入深空探测时代。
"Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle."	“每隔两年或三年，才有一次火星距离地球最近的机会，在这个时间点上发射火星探测器，对运载火箭来说是最省能量的。”
"Taking into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission."	“考虑到火星探测器的质量，将由我国长征五号运载火箭来完成发射任务。”
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.	我国的火星探测任务要一次实现环绕、着陆、巡视，这种形式在国外是从没有过的，国外曾拟一次实现环绕和着陆，但着陆失败了。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.	火星探测涉及的技术领域非常多，特别之处还在于，虽然火星车是一个空间探测器，但与一般空间探测器相比，它又具有鲜明的特点。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.	也就是说，火星探测器要具备确定行驶路线、发现障碍危险的能力。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.	中国航天科技集团五院研究员庞之浩说，人类之所以对火星探测如此青睐，是因为探测火星具有重要的科学、技术等多方面意义，甚至关系到人类的未来。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.	目前火星已成为除地球以外人类研究程度最高的行星，人类利用空间探测器进行火星探测的历史几乎贯穿整个人类航天史。
Therefore, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.	因此，人类希望有朝一日在火星建立居住基地，最终向火星移民，把它变成人类的第二家园。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.	大量迹象还表明，火星以前很可能与目前的地球一样，只是经过几十亿年的演化才变成大气层稀薄、温度较低、水源枯竭等样子。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.	因此，探测或载人登陆火星进行研究，可以为防止地球变成人类难以生存的第二个火星提出预案。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.	截至2016年6月，全球共进行了114次月球探测，43次火星探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.	不过，从20世纪90年代至今，人类共进行了18次火星探测，而月球探测只进行了14次。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.	目前有5个火星轨道器和2辆火星漫游车在工作，但只有1个月球轨道器和1个月球着陆器在工作。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.	世界航天大国都制定了以火星系统为目标的探测计划，由此可见，当今的火星探测比月球探测还热。
On Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe "Mangalian", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.	2013年11月5日，印度发射了第一个火星探测器“曼加里安”，成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
"Mangalian" is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.	“曼加里安”用于研究火星表面、大气和矿物特征，探寻火星上是否有甲烷和生命迹象。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.	这次任务最难的地方，就是探测器进入火星大气后气动外形和降落伞减速只有一次机会
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.	据中国航天科技集团公司五院总体部的火星探测器总设计师孙泽洲介绍，火星探测任务面临着许多技术挑战。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1% of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.	火星大气气压很低，只有地球表面大气压力的1%，具有很高的不确定性。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as its changes and storm characteristics.	有关它的变化和风暴时特性等因素，科学家们还没有透彻的认识。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a "sleep" mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.	火星在夏季常形成类似地球沙尘天气的尘暴，这会导致火星车接收的太阳光能量急剧下降，必须为火星车设计“休眠”模式，让其耐心地等待尘暴过去。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.	同时，火星大气对太阳光照还有削减作用，这为火星探测的能源供给带来难题。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.	这就要求探测器的太阳翼面积更大，而且需不断调整，努力对准太阳方向。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38% of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.	还有，火星表面重力只有地球的38%，但是比月球表面的重力大多了，因此探测器需要更大的功率。
"The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success."	“这次火星探测任务最核心、最难的地方，就是探测器进入火星大气后气动外形和降落伞减速的过程，只有一次机会，必须确保成功。”
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.	孙泽洲说，由于地球与火星距离遥远，整个过程无法由地面实时控制，所以必须依靠探测器自主完成。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.	由于没有那么多的推进剂来抵消那么高的速度，所以登陆火星时，减速要依靠火星大气的作用，然而火星大气难以在地面模拟。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also "surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning" to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.	庞之浩说，总体来讲，探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似，也是“绕、落、巡、回”，最终实现载人登陆火星的目标。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.	由于火星距离地球比月球距离地球要远得多，所以探测火星需要攻克一系列更复杂的技术难关。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, "Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations" will take effective since today.	据台湾媒体报道，台“行政院长”林全昨天上午宣布，“政党及其附随组织不当取得财产处理条例”自今天起生效。
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, "Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility."	国民党副主席詹启贤则表示，“一个一百多年历史的国民党，有社会的承诺跟责任，不会这样就倒闭”。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish "according to the law".	林全强调，如果政党、附随组织或受托管理人等违反条例所定禁止处分的规定，委员会将依职权调查并“依法”处分、裁罚。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, "Deputy Director of the Independent", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.	林全也宣布不当党产委员会的副主委人选，将由台“廉政署副署长”洪培根担任。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.	他说，由顾立雄担任不当党产委员会主委是不二人选，借用洪培根过去查察相关重大案件的经验，将作为委员会清查相关不当党产案件的基础。
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, "You will have chance to go when there are no assets."	詹启贤认为，今天只要还有党产，没有人会给你社会捐款，若党产统统被充公收走，国民党刚好可请求社会支持与赞助，“今天真的没有了才有机会去要”。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.	詹启贤也强调，就算不当党产条例上路后，国民党党产没被完全充公、没收，剩下的仍会依承诺捐出去，让党产准归零，党要一切从零开始。
Original title: Suit launched by "corridor doctor" Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment	原标题：“走廊医生”兰越峰诉央视主持人王志安名誉侵权一审败诉
The legal evening news: Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the "corridor doctor" event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.	法制晚报讯因央视主持人王志安在新浪微博上发表针对“走廊医生”事件的言论，兰越峰将王志安及北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司诉至法院。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.	昨天下午，海淀法院对该案进行了宣判，判决认定王志安及微梦公司不构成侵权，驳回了兰越峰的全部诉讼请求。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.	2014年初，央视记者王志安调查发现，尽管在医院走廊里坐了600多天的兰越峰被媒体塑造为被体制打压的悲情英雄，但这些报道存在大量不实信息。
On March 29, 2014, the "corridor doctor" program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.	2014年3月29日，央视新闻调查制作的《走廊医生》节目播出。
All information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.	兰越峰向媒体举报的各种所谓过度医疗的信息，均没有证据支持。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality".	王志安也在实名认证的微博中，描述“兰越峰之所以走到这一步是性格使然、其带有明显的偏执人格等”。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100,000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.	兰越峰提出要求王志安删除微博、向其致歉并赔偿精神损害抚慰金10万元。
At the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.	在当时的庭审中，双方就王志安是否侵犯了兰越峰的名誉权进行了激辩。
Highlight of the 12th day of the month: at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games	12日看点：田径开赛中国队很忙女足冲四自行车盼突破
The bicycle game is expected to realize the "zero breakthrough" in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.	自行车有望实现奥运金牌“零突破”，而女足姑娘将挑战两次世界冠军得主德国队，期待爆冷冲进四强。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.	王镇近两个赛季状态突出，去年北京田径世锦赛收获银牌，今年5月团体竞走世锦赛上又升级个人项目冠军。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.	据外媒报道，27岁的韩国射箭女选手张慧珍在女子射箭个人赛中获得金牌，继团体赛后再获奥运会金牌，成为双冠王。
Zhang Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.	张慧珍被认为是一名大器晚成的选手，她曾遗憾未获上届伦敦奥运会的入场券，如今却骄傲地站在了里约奥运的最高领奖台上。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	张惠珍在在巴西里约桑巴大道体育馆举行的女子射箭个人赛决赛中以总比分6-2击败德国的丽萨·翁鲁，获得了金牌。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.	她在小学四年级时才第一次射箭，直到27岁的2014年才在世界杯赛上首次获得个人赛金牌，是一位成名较晚的选手。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, "My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.	张惠珍回忆道，“上中学以前没有什么水平，以至于无法参加全国的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.	张惠珍在四年前的伦敦奥运会选手选拔赛上仅获第四名，憾失奥运入场券，只能坐视同事兼好友奇甫倍夺两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. "I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented."	张惠珍在女子射箭个人赛颁奖仪式结束后谈了自己的夺金感言，“直至最后都是尽可能地一发一发地射箭，可能是这带来了好结果，心满意足。
The 28-year-old Korean archery "No.1", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.	28岁的韩国射箭“一姐”、伦敦奥运会射箭个人赛金牌获得者奇甫倍获得了铜牌。
Qi Fubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.	奇甫倍在半决赛中输给张惠珍，与墨西哥选手亚力杭德拉·瓦伦西亚展开铜牌争夺。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.	奇甫倍在确保铜牌后泪洒赛场，其间默默承受的冲金负担可想而知。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.	首先是教练组在不断研究中积累了丰富经验，其次是科学的训练方式，这些都是需要长期积累的。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.	射箭队以军训、夜间穿越墓地等方法帮助队员集中注意力并保持平常心。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.	尽管还没有被证实，但诸多消息源都表示，苹果2016年秋季发布会将在9月举行，iPhone7真要来了。
Although Apple did not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 "real machine model" on the internet.	虽然苹果公司并未回应，但有关新iPhone的功能、配置已经陆续有消息放出，甚至网上连iPhone7“真机模型”图片都有了。
The new generation of iPhone is really "eye-catching", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.	新一代iPhone可谓“万众瞩目”，火热、紧俏、有钱无货……如果你想第一时间购买到正品，一定要选择一个好渠道，比如说，苏宁。
This has exacerbated people's disappointment of the new iPhone, "It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images! This generation of iPhone is so terrible."	这加剧了人们对于新手机的失望，“它加长了，却根本不能投射全息图像!这一代iPhone糟透了。”
iPhone7, just like other iPhones, brings countless secret before birth.	iPhone7像其他iPhone一样，出生之前就伴随着无数秘闻。
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3.5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.	另外，还有多个消息源声称，新一代iPhone将取消3.5mm耳机接口，转而使用蓝牙连接和充电接口，这将为苹果增加第二个扬声器提供空间。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.	能佐证这一消息的另一证据是，早在2014年苹果就允许耳机厂商生产通过充电接口连接的耳机产品。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.	这些消息或真或假，答案直到苹果2016秋季发布会才能揭晓。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.	但这并不妨碍业内人士看好iPhone7的前景——许多人认为，iPhone7将很有可能成为苹果对iPhone系列的最后一次大幅升级。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7 - many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.	虽然从不久前市场研究机构IDC公布的数据来看，iPhone的市场份额有所下滑。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of "buying" while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.	其中，高盛将苹果的股票维持“买入”评级，而BMO的分析师则认为iPhone7将收获一份历史性的销售成绩。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20%, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.	同时博通公司的CEO Hock Tan也表示，苹果未来的营收增加将有可能超过20%，而这完全得益于iPhone7的推出。
7% of respondents said they have the plan to buy iPhone7, while only 4% people had the plan to buy iPhone6.	有7%的受访者表示他们有购买iPhone7的打算，而两年前计划购买iPhone6的人数比例只有4%。
It is understood that currently 20% of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.	据了解，目前持有iPhone6或6Plus的用户群体有20%计划购买iPhone7，这是一个相当高的比例。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.	其次，有专家分析，大部分果粉都喜欢隔代更换自己的iPhone手机。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26% of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.	据统计，在所有的iPhone用户中，有大约26%的用户已经2年没有更换手机了，也就是差不多有1.2亿的用户的iPhone已经用了2年。
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. "The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7."	有媒体称，iPhone7生产期间，台湾遭遇数次地震，“台积电生产设施的受破坏程度超出想象，并有可能对初期的iPhone7供应产生影响。”
Supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.	供需矛盾会影响普通用户，是时候选择一个好渠道，第一时间低价入手正品iPhone7。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.	据知情人士透露，近期，苏宁高层与苹果公司频频见面，目的就是为了准备充足的货源。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.	运营商已经与苏宁谈妥，可以预见的是，随着双方的深度合作，必然会为用户带来更低的价格和更贴心的服务。
"With the lowest price, the consumer may "buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day".	“最低的价格，消费者可能‘一天只需7元钱，就能购买iPhone7’。”
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.	充足的货源与多样的优惠，让购买iPhone7不再“压力山大”，而苏宁的物流，更是会把这种美好变成更直观的体验感。
Maybe you'll get a call at midnight. "Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here."	也许，你半夜就会接到电话，“您好，苏宁易购，您的iPhone7到了。”
The organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.	主办方希望通过文物展，让当地人民更多地了解历史悠久的中国文化，从而增进两国人民之间的相互理解和友谊。
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's "Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition" will continue until early October.	巴塞罗那的“明代文物展”是欧洲巡展的一部分，将持续到10月初。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited (CSFC) will once again buy their shares.	华夏银行、浦发银行昨日发布2016年半年报，二季度中证金再度出手增持其股份。
Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29.2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3.35% to 3.62%.	其中，中证金增持华夏银行2929.31万股，至6月末，中证金持有华夏银行股份数增至3.87亿股，占其股份比例也由3.35%增至3.62%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2.77% of the bank shares.	另据招商证券测算，扣除转增，中证金二季度亦增持浦发银行3800万股，持有其股份数增至近6亿股，占浦发银行股份比例为2.77%。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.	近日，浙江省桐乡市正福村狮子浜的荷博园正式对村民和游客开放。
Composed of more than 100 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.	该园由100多个圆形小池塘组成，种植了约300个品种的观赏荷花、睡莲等。
Rural lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.	乡村荷花产业兼具观赏性、休闲性和经济效益，成为当地新农村发展的亮点。
According to foreign media reports, the "green pool" incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.	据外媒报道，因跳水池池水从蓝变绿，里约奥运“绿池”事件近日备受外界关注。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.	然而，10日早晨，与跳水池相邻的水球比赛池的水也变成了绿色。
Australian water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.	澳大利亚水球选手赛后表示他的眼睛感到刺痛，想流眼泪。
Previously, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.	此前，里约奥运官方人员确认了池水变绿的情况，并表示池水变色是由于碱性变弱的原因，不会影响运动员身体健康。
However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.	但是澳大利亚运动员在与日本代表队在水球池进行比赛获得胜利之后表示，眼睛感到刺痛。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.	最早在跳水池池水变绿后，比赛主办方在9日晚加班处理跳水池的问题，但在10日早晨发现水球池颜色也迅速发生变化。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.	澳大利亚队与日本队比赛期间，水球池的环境条件逐步恶化，但官方强调他们会在11日将两个泳池的水质恢复到原来的颜色。
Mario Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, "The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon".	里约奥运会发言人安德拉达(Mario Andrada)表示：“昨天午后，跳水池中的水碱性程度首先变弱。”
"We learned about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality."	“我们了解了一系列可能会引发池水变色的原因以及水质的含碱度。”
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "	水上运动中心对水质进行了一系列检测，数百名潜水员及游泳者使用了泳池可以确定水质条件达到标准。”
"We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality."	“这些天我们一直走正常程序，但我们可能忽略了运动员越多可能对水质的带来影响。”
"But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes."	“但水颜色发生变化肯定对身体健康，特别是对运动员是没有影响的。”
"This independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool."	“这个独立的团队确认了我们的评估，也肯定了我们将泳池恢复正常颜色及正常的化学状态所采取的措施。”
"We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain."	“我们本来希望早晨泳池就能恢复正常颜色，但是由于下雨所以恢复的速度受到了影响。”
According to Taiwan's "The Central News Agency", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.	据台湾“中央社”报道，大马尼拉地区偏郊1所监狱昨天夜间发生爆炸事件，造成典狱长受伤，10名囚犯死亡，据报包括2名华人。
According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.	ABS-CBN电视台报道，事件于昨晚9时左右发生在帕拉纳圭市(Paranaque)监狱，但警方直到今天凌晨2时才提出初步说法。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.	警方说，这10名囚犯求见典狱长，申诉移监事宜，但双方话不投机，有囚犯投掷手榴弹，酿成爆炸事件。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.	狱方尚未公布死亡囚犯的姓名，但GMA电视台报道，其中包括2名华人。
As of 8 a.m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.	截至上午8时，狱方尚未提出详细的说明，包括囚犯如何取得手榴弹。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who "attempted assaulting the police".	昨天，菲国中部警方进入雷伊泰省(Leyte)地区监狱，击毙1名“企图袭警”的受刑人。
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists	乌鲁木齐规范旅游散客市场经营秩序旅行社必须与游客签合同
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.	眼下新疆已进入旅游旺季，为规范旅游散客市场经营秩序，乌鲁木齐市旅游执法支队联合市运管局执法支队昨天对散客市场存在的旅游用车不规范，旅行社与游客签订合同率低等问题进行查处。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.	昨天早上八点，在凯宾斯基酒店周围停了约10辆满载游客的大巴车，这些车辆大多都是前往天池一日游的散客团。
"Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency?"	“你好，我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的，你们跟这个旅行社签合同了嘛？”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, "The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification."	乌鲁木齐市运管局执法支队工作人员余斌介绍：“异地旅游车还有班线车在乌鲁木齐市场经营旅游客运项目，没有从业资格。”
"A fine of 30,000 to 100,000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2,000 for fine."	“超范围经营对这个处罚三到十万的罚款，驾驶员没有从业资格证是2000元的罚款。”
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.	据了解，此前乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门已对西公园、红山等旅游散客集中的地方进行了检查。
After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, "Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions."	综合两次的检查情况，乌鲁木齐市旅游执法支队副支队长马琪说：“第一是安全，第二是规范，旅游车辆无小事，一旦出问题都是群伤群死。”
"The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists."	“我们和运管联合持续的对市场进行检查，规范旅行社用车行为保证游客安全。”
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.	8月12日上午，国务院新闻办就2016年7月份国民经济运行情况举行新闻发布会。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.	国家统计局新闻发言人、国民经济综合统计司司长盛来运表示，7月份，国民经济部分指标增速有所放缓，但仍运行在合理区间。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.	国家统计局发布的数据显示，7月份固定资产投资增速、进口总额等数据有所回落。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, "the shape is volatile and the potential is still good". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.	盛来运说，关于7月份的国民经济运行情况，我想借用总理曾经讲过的一句话“形有波动，势仍向好”，这能够比较好地概括7月份的经济运行的特征。
He explained that "the shape of the fluctuations" refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.	他解释“形有波动”是指7月份部分经济指标增速确实是有所回落。
In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.	因为7月份国内外经济仍处在深度调整之中，国际形势复杂多变，世界经济的复苏不及预期，所以出口压力还是比较大。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.	从国内情况看，整个经济还处在调整的关键阶段，调整的阵痛在释放，经济面临不小的下行压力，所以有些指标有些波动。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.	盛来运指出，7月份还有一个特殊情况，洪涝灾害比较严重，高温酷暑天气对一些地区的生产经营带来了一些影响。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.	根据民政部最近发布的情况，全国6000多万人受灾，直接经济损失超过2000亿元。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.	从工业、投资、交通运输相关指标看，这些地区不同程度受到影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3.6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.	7月份的货物周转运量增速比上月回落3.6个百分点，洪涝灾害对这些地区的交通有一定的影响。
From these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.	从这些因素来看，7月份部分指标出现波动也是很正常，也是在预期之中。
He said, "The potential is still good" means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.	他表示，“势仍向好”指的是尽管经济增速有所回落，但是经济运行总体平稳，稳中有进、稳中向好的大势没有变。
In July, CPI rose by 1.8%, with a month-on-month rise of 0.2%. From January to July, CPI rose by 2.1%, so the overall price situation is stable.	7月份CPI上涨1.8%，环比上涨0.2%;1-7月份CPI上涨2.1%，所以物价形势总体稳定。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.	根据重庆市气象局门户网对各区县高温天气的统计，除酉阳外，我市其余各地都能领取到不同程度的高温津贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.	目前全国至少已有28个省份明确了津贴发放标准，不过各省市发放的标准并不一样，而重庆则是按高温工作日津贴的方式领取高温津贴。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 ℃, people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37℃, people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.	35℃以上37℃以下的，按每人每天不低于10元标准发放；37℃以上的，按每人每天不低于15元标准发放。
In case of temperature above 40℃, staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance (but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance).	40℃以上高温工作人员每月最多可领20元/天的津贴（劳动者已经依法享受高温作业岗位津贴的除外）。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.	按照这一标准，上个月高温天气天数最多的开州能领到330元，天数最少的城口则是80元，而酉阳最高温由于没达到高温标准外，所以没有高温津贴。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.	以往不少单位会以清凉饮品冲抵高温津贴，市安监局表示这种行径不合乎现行办法。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.	因高温天气停止工作、缩短工作时间的，用人单位不得扣除或降低劳动者工资。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.	市人社局表示，员工遇到高温下作业却没收到高温津贴的，可通过企业所在的劳动争议调解机构争取合法权益，或拨打12333投诉。
If the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.	有用人单位拒不发放高温津贴的，劳动者可向用工所在地县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门投诉。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.	同时由于高温津贴是工资的一部分，不是福利，要纳入工资总额、扣减个税。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.	因此高温津贴不在最低工资范围内，必须以现金形式发放，不能用饮料等实物代替。
The newly built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100,000 square meters.	新建成的乌鲁木齐站位于乌鲁木齐市高铁片区，整个建筑面积约有10万平方米。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer -1 is for exit.	地上1、2层为进站、候车厅及办公、商业用房，地下1层是出站层。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.	目前，乌鲁木齐站是新疆最大的综合交通枢纽，集高铁、轨道交通、公交、出租等为一体，可实现各种换乘方式无缝对接。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.	站台层南北两侧和出站层北侧共有3个售票厅，配置了39个人工售票窗口和34台自动售取票机。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.	检票方面，在候车大厅东西两侧共有30个通道，旅客可根据车票上的检票口编号，进行快速查验、候车。
If you need help, you can choose the 41 call buttons and get timely services.	如果需要帮助，可就近按动站内设置的41个呼唤按钮进行选择，就可以获得及时服务。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.	从7月1号起，老客站，也就是乌鲁木齐南站的旅客列车就分步开行到了乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.	也就是说，所有动车和30对出疆列车都可以在乌鲁木齐站停车。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.	现在两个站均可以买票乘车，他们之间的列车通行时间在10分钟左右，旅客需要注意票面始发和终点站的具体站名。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of "Silk Road Economic Zone" and the new district.	乌鲁木齐新客站的正式投入运营将成为新疆打造全国性综合交通城市的重要平台，推进“丝绸之路经济带”和新区建设。
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.	格雷西亚是一只萌萌的雌性巨嘴鸟，浑身散发着热带雨林的气息。
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.	在中美洲国家哥斯达黎加，巨嘴鸟格雷西亚和它的故事早已家喻户晓。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.	8月10日的新闻发布会上，术后康复的格雷西亚终于亮相，向人们展示它崭新的3D打印塑料鸟喙。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.	这只一年半前被人折断上喙、奄奄一息的巨嘴鸟，如今终于重获新生。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100%, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.	这一天不仅宣告着它已100%恢复健康，更是它搬进豪华鸟舍、与关心它的人类朋友们见面的日子。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.	初进新家的格雷西亚稍显腼腆，但不多时就变得活泼起来，在水盆里打滚嬉闹，用新喙吃葡萄。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.	为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害，技术人员没有给它的新喙上色，而是保留了3D打印材料原有的白色。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.	鸟喙外是一层薄薄的角质鞘，里面中空，只有一些细细的骨质支撑杆交错排列。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.	虽然有这种内部加固成份，巨嘴鸟的喙还是脆弱，受到伤害时会破碎。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several "test beak" for Gracia and finally built a "perfect beak" for it.	动物救助中心、鸟类学家和一家美国3D打印公司通力合作，为格雷西亚制作了好几个“试验喙”，终于造出最适合它的“完美喙”。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.	如今格雷西亚已能熟练使用新喙喝水、吃东西，甚至啄起细小谷粒。
"The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it."	“最终成品的设计花了大约2个月，打印出来只需4、5个小时。”
"3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life." Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.	“3D打印并不是未来技术，它已经实实在在走进了你我的生活。”美国SG3D打印公司董事长托马斯·朗格在接受新华国际记者采访时说。
In January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.	2015年1月，在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉省格雷西亚的一个农场，浑身是血的巨嘴鸟格雷西亚被人发现。
At that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.	当时它的上喙被一伙年轻人残忍折断，它完全无法进食，生命垂危。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.	格雷西亚的惨状经媒体报道后，在哥斯达黎加内外引起如潮的反对虐待动物呼声。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the punishment against abusers.	人们要求设立更为严格的动物保护法、加大对虐待者的惩罚力度。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.	人们自发前来，尽最大努力帮助格雷西亚尽可能恢复受伤前的生活。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.	甚至3D打印技术发明人查克·赫尔也参与到格雷西亚上喙的设计中来。
"The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak."	“格雷西亚的情况很特殊，它的上喙剩余部分不足1厘米，所以给安装新喙带来许多困难。”
"We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue."	“我们先对格雷西亚扫描，然后设计、制作出一个稍长于它上喙剩余部分的延长假体，用粘胶固定在它的上喙上。”
"This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia," Lange told Xinhua International.	“这样可以减少对格雷西亚造成进一步侵入性伤害。”朗格对新华国际记者说。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.	在安装假体之前，工作人员每天都要为格雷西亚清理断喙，以防感染。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.	远在千里之外，巨嘴鸟格雷西亚的故事感动了著名纪录片导演葆拉·埃雷迪亚和探索新闻频道制片人约翰·霍夫曼。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary "The Country of Toucan", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.	他们记录下格雷西亚安装新喙过程中的点点滴滴，录制了一部纪录片《巨嘴鸟之国》，已于本月在动物星球频道上播放。
The documentary "The State of the Toucan" shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.	纪录片《巨嘴鸟之国》向人们展示，一只小小的巨嘴鸟是如何让一个国家为之改变、如何让国民都参与到反对虐待动物当中来。
Core Tip: Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the "teapot" of China's small independent refinery.	核心提示：日本油企尤其对被称为“茶壶”的中国小型独立炼油厂崛起表示警惕。
August 12 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website: Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that "China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn."	参考消息网8月12日报道日媒称，日本最大的石油企业JX能源认为，“中国的出口扩大是行情低迷的原因之一。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the "teapot" of China's small independent refinery.	日本油企尤其对被称为“茶壶”的中国小型独立炼油厂崛起表示警惕。
China's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.	中国的石油产品品质因中国政府强化环保规定正在逐渐接近日本的油品。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, "teapot refinery" generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.	在获得原油进口许可之前，“茶壶炼油厂”一般从俄罗斯等地进口硫磺含量较高的重油进行提炼。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.	生产出来的石油产品硫磺含量较高，油品不佳，成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
After obtaining crude oil import license, "teapot refinery" can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.	在获得原油进口许可后，“茶壶炼油厂”能够进口硫磺含量较低的阿曼产原油和俄罗斯产原油，其石油产品的品质也出现提升。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, "With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.	东燃通用石油公司表示，“随着中国国内的石油产品品质标准不断提高，炼油设备的能力也出现提升。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan (the world's highest quality).	结果，中国对外出口的石油产品品质逐渐达到与（世界最高品质的）日本相同的水平”。
According to JX Energy, "After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia." Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.	JX能源表示，“2015年底之后，中国开始向澳大利亚出口高品质的轻油”，在亚洲市场上与日本产品形成竞争。
Although the "Japanese high quality oil" falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of "exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market".	尽管“日本高品油”正在面临危机，但日本油企采取的应对策略仅为“关注市场行情的同时向有利润可图的地区出口”。
As China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.	由于中国出口的石油产品对亚洲市场行情的影响巨大，对茶壶炼油厂的关注度也越来越高。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.	2016年扬子晚报利群阳光助学行动自5月26日启动，经过两个月的报名，申请助学金的贫困学子总人数达800多人。
During the educational process, more than 1.2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained (the detailed donations are publicized in five batches). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.	助学过程中，已收到社会捐款超过120万元(已分五批公示)，至少可以帮助240位寒门学子圆梦大学。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.	目前，捐款仍在继续，本报吁请社会继续伸出援手，让更多家庭困难的孩子能够得到资助，得到社会的关怀。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.	为确保助学行动公正、公开、透明，本报今日起分批公示学子基本信息，今天公示第1—100名，接受读者监督。
"Liqun sunshine student action" is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4,000 students have been supported.	利群阳光助学行动，是中国著名慈善品牌，扬子晚报利群阳光助学行动2003年起在江苏开展，资助贫困学子累计超过4000名。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.	该活动资助范围是高考本科录取新生,不含免学费专业；品学兼优，家庭贫困。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2% in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ("baby boom").	统计局表示，新西兰人口增幅此前仅在１９７４年和上世纪５０年代到６０年代早期的“婴儿潮”人口出生高峰时期超过２％。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69,100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.	截至今年６月，新西兰１２个月内移民净流入数量为６.９１万人，成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28,200.	另外，在相同时间段，新西兰人口自然增长数量为２.８２万人。
Data shows that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21,800, with natural population growth of 32,300 people.	数据显示，最近１０年里，新西兰年均移民净流入数量为２.１８万人，年均人口自然增长数量为３.２３万人。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of "working age population" aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.	从人口结构上看，大量移民涌入意味着１５岁至３９岁的“劳动年龄人口”比例逐步扩大。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3.6 percent to 1.58 million.	截至２０１６年６月的１２个月时间里，新西兰劳动年龄人口增长３.６％，达到１５８万人。
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3.6%, reaching 700,000.	同时，６５岁以上的老龄人口增幅同样为３.６％，达到７０万人。
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.	昨日上午10时许，X9003次国际货运班列从西安新筑车站开出，前往哈萨克斯坦的阿拉木图。
The successful launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10,000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.	该趟列车的开行，标志着西安铁路局自2013年开行中亚国际货运班列以来，开行车数成功突破10000车。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.	据了解，此班货运班列运输的货物品类涵盖工业原材料、机械设备、工业零配件、建材、食品、轻工产品六大类、共计206个品种。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10,009 vehicles. A total of 338,000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47%.	截至今年8月11日，新筑车站共开行中亚班列221列、10009车，累计发运出口货物33.8万吨，其中2016年开行84列，同比增长47%。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are "Made in Shaanxi". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.	据了解，中亚班列首趟运载的货物均为“陕西制造”，而如今，它已吸引大量的外地货源积极上列。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64,000 TEU, an increase of 8% over the same period in 2015.	截至7月底，中亚班列集装箱到发量突破6.4万标箱，较2015年同期增长8%。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.	随着中亚班列的加密开行，西安铁路局新筑车站货运量逐年提升。
In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2.477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1.531 million tons, representing an increase of 6.7% over the same period last year.	2015年，新筑车站全年货运吞吐量247.7万吨，截至2016年8月10日，货运发送量已经达到153.1万吨，较去年同期增长6.7%。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.	为了满足未来发展需要，西安铁路局以新筑车站为中心的西安新筑铁路综合物流中心建设规划已经出台，全力打造现代化的新筑铁路综合物流园区。
A mid-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US$1 million award in the same airport last week.	印度一名大叔上周刚在迪拜国际机场经历飞机机腹着陆惊魂，本周就在同一座机场中了100万美元大奖。
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.	久居阿联酋迪拜的印度人穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔每次回国都有买彩票的习惯。
His 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.	他21岁的儿子在出生13天时因意外坠落导致瘫痪，他一直辛苦工作偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
"After escaping from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good", said Hedar.	“从空难中逃脱是神给了我二次生命，而又给了我这笔钱让我行善，”赫达尔说。
Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of "afterheat" seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.	虽说现在已经立秋，可是“秋老虎”的威力似乎一点不比夏天差。
UV not only tans your skin but also sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn?	紫外线不仅让同学们的皮肤变黑，更加会晒伤肌肤，如何让肌肤能顺利度过军训，不被晒伤？
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.	防晒霜包装上一般都标有SPF和PA，SPF是指防晒指数，是针对UVB紫外线的，我们常见的SPF指数有15、30、50等。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.	标有PA的产品是针对UVA的，这样防晒品会发挥更加有效的作用，通常情况下，PA的强度用+来表示，多一个+表示有效防护时间延长。
Water-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.	油性肌肤应选择渗透力较强的水性防晒用品，防晒喷雾也是不错的选择。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.	干性肌肤应选择霜状的防晒用品;中性皮肤一般无严格规定，敏感性肌肤擦上任何保养品都是一种负担，建议选纯物理性防晒产品。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.	切记提前半小时涂防晒霜，因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全渗入到皮肤。
Because you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.	军训日晒时间较长，防晒霜每隔两小时擦一次才能有持久效果，千万不要偷懒。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.	由于皮肤刚受到日晒刺激的缘故，军训回来不要立刻用美白产品。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.	军训暴晒后，如有条件可用毛巾包着冰块来冰镇被灼伤的皮肤以减缓局部燥热。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40%.	在展会期间购买农机的农户，继续实行累加补贴政策，农户购买农机最高可得到40%的补贴。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.	本届展会面向全球招商招展，特别是加大了对“一带一路”沿线国家和目标市场国家的邀请力度。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3.2 billion Yuan.	本届展会力争完成招商签约项目60个、引进资金220亿元，签订贸易合同160个以上，合同金额32亿元。
It is reported that the reason for "Hunan Fair" to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.	据悉，“湘博会”之所以连续7年落户娄底，缘于湖南省娄底市制造产业基础雄厚，产业发展历史久远。
As the host place of "Hunan Exposition", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.	作为“湘博会”的主办地，娄底已与全世界90多个国家建立了贸易往来关系。
"Hunan Exposition" has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the "going-out" of characteristic industries.	“湘博会”成为当地培育特色产业发展、推动特色产业走出国门的重要平台。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.	在有些夜晚，电离层充满自由电子，这意味着，无线电信号可以走得更远。
According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.	据美国《大众科学》月刊网站8月11日报道，美国空军对复制这一效应感兴趣。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.	虽然拥有稳定的大量自由电子的电离层可以帮助人们在某个大学广播电台的播送范围边缘收听这个电台，但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system (GPS) signal from the solar storm.	充满电子的电离层意味着，军方使用的无线电有着更大的播送范围，并且它或许会为全球定位系统（GPS）信号提供一些保护，使之免受太阳风暴的影响。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.	最终目标可能是根据需求打造一系列立方体卫星，它们可以在需要的时候加强电离层。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.	但首先，这些同空军签订合同的团队必须证明有关科学原理会奏效。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1.8 billion tons.	行业数据显示，2015年煤炭产能总规模接近60亿吨，全国煤炭产能过剩18亿吨。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.	近十年来，国务院前后共发布过5次淘汰过剩与落后产能的通知。
Although the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.	虽然前4次没有针对煤炭行业，但目标行业直接与煤炭业产生关系。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan/ton and 90% of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.	去年11月到今年1月，秦皇岛5500大卡动力煤价格长期在370元/吨低位徘徊，90%的煤炭企业陷入亏损。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.	而2月份以来，煤价逐步回升，近期秦皇岛动力煤价格更是连续上涨四周，上升到16个月来的高点，一度攀升到每吨436元，比年初上涨近70元。
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries: will a number of small coal mines resume production?	随着价格回升，各界担心随之产生：一批小煤矿会不会复工复产？
In this regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China (Hainan) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.	对此，中国（海南）改革发展研究院经济所所长匡贤明进行了分析与解读。
Kuang Xianming: overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.	匡贤明：去产能引起了各方的高度关注，今天公布的煤炭行业去产能的成绩单也确实让大家感到比较担心。
These three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.	这三个表层的因素还是反映出了过去我们的增长方式转变相对滞后的原因，就是由政府主导的增长方式至今还没有得到根本性的转变。
Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.	第二，这也与地方政府的推进力度直接相关，在去产能的过程中，资金和相应的配套措施都要到位，从这个方面看来，不同地区的差异确实比较大。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.	第三，如果目前进度比较慢的一些省份要在下半年赶进度，它们可能会面临较大的风险。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.	在这种情况下，依靠中央奖补资金来推进去产能的进程可能会产生一定负面的影响。
First, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.	首先，去产能不是简单的进行总量控制。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.	我们的目的是要通过淘汰落后的产能，推进结构的优化，重构整个煤炭行业的新业态。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.	在部署去产能的过程中，地方政府一定要把去产能和煤炭产业的转型升级结合起来，大力发展相关的服务业。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.	第二，要想在今年年内完成今年的去产能任务，我们还是要充分发挥行政监督和行政监察的力量。
Finally, we should strengthen the role of social security.	最后，我们要加强社会保障的兜底作用。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.	因为市场直接涉及到就业的问题，所以我们要加强对员工和职工的就业技能培训。
"The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term."	“排名下降的原因是外资对于中期内巴西GDP发展的预期恶化。”
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3.7%, down from 5.7% in 2014.	2015年，巴西在全球直接投资中的参与度为3.7%，低于2014年的5.7%。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices: infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.	瑞信银行国际投资吸引力指数包括4个分项指数：基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资量。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $64.6 billion, down from $73.1 billion in 2014.	2015年，巴西的国际直接投资为646亿美元，低于2014年的731亿美元。
Last year, Brazil's "green investment" (in the investment model of building factories abroad) was $17.9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2.1%.	去年，在巴西的“绿地投资”(到国外投资设厂的投资模式)为179亿美元，同比减少了2.1%。
"There are 288 'green land investment' projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014".	“在巴西共有288个‘绿地投资’项目，而2003年至2014年的年平均量为314个”。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $33.8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.	不过，2016年上半年，在巴西的国际直接投资已达到338亿美元，和去年同期相比几乎增加了10%。
Title: Canadian police killed IS supporters: homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end	原标题：加拿大警方击毙IS支持者：自制炸弹袭击闹市准备工作近尾声
The taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived.	出租车公司表示，这辆出租车在警方到达前被调度到德赖弗家中。
Canadian police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the "martyrdom video" sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.	加拿大警方在周三的新闻发布会中表示，警方收到的信息包括美国联邦调查局提供的有关这名青年将要实施袭击的"殉道视频"。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the "Koran", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.	据德国之声报道，视屏中，一名头戴黑色巴拉克拉法帽的男子正在朗读《古兰经》，提到针对穆斯林的罪行，并发誓将很快对加拿大的一座城市发动袭击。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.	他在视频中表示，袭击将在72小时内发生，而且是在高峰时间。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.	此次事件是加拿大总理贾斯廷·特鲁多（Justin Trudeau）去年上台后，警方首次在事发前击毙恐怖嫌疑人。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.	升级改造后的京杭大运河支线航道老万福河、北大溜航道9月1日起收取通行费。
The two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.	这两条支流航道采取社会融资方式进行改造建设,收费已获省政府相关部门批准。
The old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32.5 km.	老万福河航道流经金乡、鱼台,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,全长32.5公里。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.	根据通航需要,老万福河航道采取养护改造的方式,对局部水深进行了浚深,局部急弯进行裁弯取直等,通航条件得以改善。
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.	该航道流经金乡县、任城区,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,全长19公里。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.	两条航道的改造工程于2011年2月开工建设,2015年1月完成交工验收,投资建设和运营主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
In accordance with the "loan construction and charging for repaying loan" principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.	按照“贷款建设、收费还贷”的原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心依据山东省物价局批复的收费标准征收航道通行费。
Among them, the basic toll is 1.75 yuan/dwt and mileage toll is 0.05 yuan/km dwt.	其中,基础通行费按1.75元/载重吨计收,里程通行费按0.05元/公里载重吨计收。
The toll collection date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.	通行费征收时间自2016年6月15日起至2019年6月14日止。
Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.	记者从济宁市港航局了解到,目前济宁境内共有4条收费航道,分别为洙水河航道、白马河航道、北大溜航道、老万福河航道。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.	4条航道为京杭大运河的支流航道,均采取社会融资的方式进行升级改造。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of "government + market" for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.	洙水河航道升级改造工程是第一个采用“政府+市场”的模式,用于山东省内河港航基础设施建设的项目,政府占主体投资,社会资金补充资金缺口。
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.	白马河、老万福河、北大溜河等支线航道采取的是纯市场化运作的方式。
The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.	国家财政拨付的资金不能满足工程建设的需要,制约着航道升级的进度。
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.	社会资金用于公共基础设施的建设符合国家政策的要求,也成为破解资金瓶颈的途径。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.	宁泽涛在100米自由泳半决赛中的表现，已经让很多中国观众无语。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.	可就在50米自由泳预赛中，宁泽涛再一次刷新了人们的“底线”。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.	其实50米自由泳并非宁泽涛主项，他在喀山世锦赛上的表现和最好成绩，也决定了他在这个项目取得突破的可能性不大。
Many factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.	果然，香港权威媒体《大公报》透露，宁泽涛失利的最大原因，就在于他已经失去了对游泳的兴趣。
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.	场外的许多因素，可能对他对未来的想法产生了很大影响，他现在对进军娱乐圈可能更感兴趣。
As a result, "national husband (a good match)", "fresh little meat", "gorgeous", etc. have become his label.	喀山世锦赛后，宁泽涛凭借其超高颜值和好成绩，瞬间成为网红。
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.	于是，“国民老公”、“小鲜肉”、“花样美男”等称呼也不断成为他身上的标签。
In this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.	各种商业活动找上门来，美好的钱途，成为一条金光闪烁的大道。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.	在这种情况下，宁泽涛即使选择在此时退役加入娱乐圈，不仅是他的自由，也是一条看似可行的道路。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.	毕竟他只有23岁，经过一定的学习，完全可以凭借其人气出演一两部电视剧。
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.	但宁泽涛需要看看，自己和这些前辈相比，是不是具备了足够的资格呢？
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.	2000年悉尼奥运会，已经21岁的刘璇已经来到了运动员生涯的末期。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.	刘璇靓丽的外表让她迅速被人们记住，也奠定了她今后进军娱乐圈的基础。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.	退役后，刘璇出演了多部电视剧，并在2013年成立了自己的工作室。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.	田亮参加了两次奥运会的单双人十米台比赛，并获得了2金2银。
But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show "Dad, Where Are We Going?", he became a focus.	但在2004年奥运会单人十米台比赛中输给队友胡佳后，田亮的竞技状态出现下滑，并被爆出被跳水队开除。
The once gold generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.	而他和女儿参加“爸爸去哪”等综艺节目，更是让他赚足了眼球。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.	曾经的体操黄金一代杨威、李小鹏以及陈一冰都高调参加各种综艺节目。
And Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.	值得一提的是，杨威李小鹏当时带领中国获得了2008年奥运会男团冠军，杨威更是两次拿到个人全能金牌，被称为全能王。
But after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.	而陈一冰则在率领中国拿到2012年奥运团体冠军的同时，也成为了吊环王。
However, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.	而在伦敦奥运会上遭遇误判痛失金牌的后，陈一冰大度的举动，也让他圈粉无数。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.	但这些运动员目前的主要精力依旧在赛场，对于综艺节目也只是如蜻蜓点水般——碰下就走。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.	但无论是退役还是现役运动员，能够得到娱乐圈的青睐都需要有拿得出手的成绩做保障。
Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.	毕竟运动员踏入一个新的领域，无论是能力还是人脉，均是一个空白状态。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.	即使是田亮、刘璇这样混迹娱乐圈多年的“老人”，普通观众提起他们，更多的还是想到他们在奥运会上的表现。
Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.	而杨威、李小鹏等新人，在综艺节目出场时的介绍，无一例外都是“奥运冠军”。
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.	相比于以上几个人，宁泽涛一个游泳世锦赛冠军的名头还是略显单薄。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.	更何况，相比于田亮、刘璇、杨威等人的功成身退，宁泽涛若在23岁、运动生涯稍遇挫折就急流勇退，对其形象造成的负面影响大概也是不可估量。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are "not seeking victory but for no fear of danger". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.	毕竟，提起运动员，人们的要求都是“不求百战百胜，但求不畏艰险”，宁泽涛距离这一点还差了不少。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.	退一万步说，宁泽涛长得帅，完全可以依靠颜值获得万千脑残粉的支持。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.	没点功力，只靠外表，想在娱乐圈混好，这难度不比好好训练找回应有的状态难吧。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.	人生之路选择全凭个人意愿，但到底如何选择，宁泽涛心里应该有数。
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.	从表面上看，网络社交平台扩大了交际圈，降低了人们的孤独感。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.	网络社交的势力范围越发广泛，不仅逐渐取代传统的电话联络，甚至渗入到线下真实的生活圈，悄然改变当下民众的社交生活。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.	线上社交的好处是显而易见的，比如方便快捷，所以特别容易受到年轻族群的青睐。
A survey of college students' social habits shows that 57% of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.	一项针对大学生社交习惯的调查显示，57%的大学生每天使用手机的时间超过5小时，日常生活基本“机不离手”。
"Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students."	“社交网络具有低成本、传输速度快、多人同时交流等特点，符合当代大学生的需求。”
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.	扩大人际关系圈，更平等地对话，避免社交顾虑，才是我们越发深爱线上聊的主要原因。
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. "We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "	刚进公司的新人热爱跟同事线上交流，“因为才进单位大家不太熟，通过社交平台的点赞评论，关系才比以前近了许多”。
People who love to make friends also love online communication. "I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting."	爱交友的也常用线上交流，“之前跟朋友因为一些误会有段时间没联络了，后来在一个大群里先对话几句才又热络起来。”
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.	IT工程师吴言是深度网络社交爱好者，他大部分的社交生活都发生于线上，网络联系人更数倍于线下朋友圈人数。
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is more "in his element".	吴言自己也坦言在网络上更“如鱼得水”。
"You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.	“可以在自己方便愿意的时候回复朋友，因为有很多斟酌字句的时间，表述也能更清楚。”
"The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds."	“隐藏在ID之下的你来我往避免了面对面的人际碰撞，不仅有了回旋的余地，甚至给了彼此更多思忖言行的时间和空间。”
"People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet."	“不同身份的人有了同样发言的权利和效率，现实生活中的种种社交顾虑，在网络空间似乎都一下消除。”
However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a "very boring otaku."	然而吴言的朋友小鹏却觉得，生活中的吴言是个“蛮无趣的宅男”。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.	小鹏和吴言在一个大群里相识，因为两人都是积极发言者，很快就熟络起来了。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, "Oh, yes, right", or "I will check it online".	小鹏觉得吴言跟网络上判若两人，言语枯燥，也不主动发表意见，翻来覆去就是几句“呵呵，好的，是吗”，要不就是“这个我要上网查一下”。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.	陵水警方现已介入调查，陵水交通部门也将加大力度整治非法营运车辆。
"The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "	“8月4日的冲突警方还没有调查结果，8月11日零时许，另外两名司机的出租车在住处又被打砸了。”
"Now the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation."	“现在的三轮车多在夜间非法营运，希望主管部门也能加大力度进行整治。”
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.	南海网记者从陵水黎族自治县公安局了解到，警方目前已经受理这两起案件的报案，两起案件的起因、何人所为、是否有关联等都在进一步调查中。
Wang Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.	陵水交通运输局交通管理站站长王文义说，陵水交通部门在今年初开始整治非法营运载客三轮车，共取缔613辆非法营运载客三轮车。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.	下一步，交通部门将向县政府申请，联合多部门加大力度对全县的三轮车、摩托车、黑车等非法营运车辆进行整治。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the "Health Chinese" clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.	8月11日上午8点，齐鲁晚报记者跟随“健康中国行”义诊服务小组来到东港区西湖镇河沟村。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.	该村地处偏僻，距市区约24公里，村里居民200多户，因经济、交通和身体等方面的局限性，给很多中老年患者出门看病带来不便。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.	此次义诊的项目比较全面，内科、外科、呼吸科、精神科、皮肤科、儿科。
Many villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.	很多村民听说义诊的专家要来，早早就已经在村里的小广场等待。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by "asthma", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.	67岁的薛大娘患有先天性脊柱侧弯，而最近几年的时间她又深受“哮喘”的困扰，以致连走着上个坡都会气喘吁吁，喘不上气。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.	医生告诉薛大娘，慢性支气管炎想要根本治愈的可能性不大，平常坚持用药可有所缓解。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.	在皮肤科医生问诊处，一名60多岁的老人带着她的小孙子前来咨询。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.	老人的小孙子今年11岁，从孩子3岁开始，左脚一直受“脚气”困扰。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.	医生查看后告诉老人，这并不是“脚气”而是季节性的湿疹，千万不要随意用药耽误了治疗。
"In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team."	“在这个村我们提供了看病和B超的服务，而另一队在五莲县户部乡邱家店子村的义诊服务队还提供了免费体检的服务。
This free clinic is only one part of 'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "	此次下乡义诊只是‘健康中国行’的其中一个部分，在以后的日子里，其他活动还将陆续开展。”
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.	51Talk无忧英语被认为在构建在线教育行业生态圈方面具有里程碑的意义。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.	CEO黄佳佳表示，将全球最佳的学习资源带给中国的孩子们是他们未来五年的战略。
It is learned that "51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.	据了解，“51Talk的最大优势就在于能够满足不同年龄段不同需求的用户。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.	首席运营官张礼明则表示，将全球优质外教师资和服务与学生端相连，家长们再也不用舟车劳顿，将宝贵的时间用于接送孩子了。
The central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years	央行对支付宝等27家非银行机构支付业务许可证续展5年
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the "Payment Business License" payment agencies which are proposed for merging.	为整合业务资源，发挥规模效应，提高监管效率，本次续展对拟合并《支付业务许可证》的支付机构，相应调整其业务范围。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.	被合并支付机构应于公告之日起6个月内完成支付业务承接工作。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant "Payment Business License" after the business undertaking work is completed.	中国人民银行将在业务承接工作完成后，办理相关《支付业务许可证》的注销、换发事宜。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.	因部分支付机构存在业务严重违规、业务停滞萎缩或主动申请终止业务类型等情形，本次续展调减其业务范围。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.	相关机构应于公告之日起6个月内按要求有序停止开展相关支付业务。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of "Payment Business License" in accordance with the law.	中国人民银行将继续依法、审慎开展《支付业务许可证》续展工作。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4.4 and 4.5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.	西藏尼玛县连发4.4、4.5级地震暂未造成人员伤亡
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.	据地方民政部门报告，目前暂未造成人员伤亡，具体灾情正在进一步统计核查中。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons' Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.	市残联副理事长于波出席活动并作重要讲话。
The attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of "Love Yuanshan" Leifeng private fleet.	出席领导共同为第二批“爱心原山”雷锋私家车队授牌。
These 20 years, "Love Yuanshan" wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.	20年来，“爱心原山”以实际行动书写着人间大爱，原山林场先后接管、代管了5个困难事业单位，直接安置职工近千人次。
In front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.	在每次重大灾害面前，原山人都自发组织捐款捐物，向社会伸出援助之手。
Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.	全国道德模范提名奖、原山林场党委书记孙建博说，雷锋精神传承着时代的真善美，是一项符合社会主义价值体系的长久事业。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.	仪式结束后，参加活动人员参观山东原山艰苦创业纪念馆并体验无障碍设施建设。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.	里瓦斯市长维尔弗雷多·洛佩斯在教师培训现场表示尼加拉瓜政府各机构正在通力协作，与HKND集团一起推进环境管理计划并开展植树活动。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "	作为运河项目开发商的HKND集团始终遵循国际最佳惯例，按国际标准修建运河，最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。”
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.	大学生通过理论和实践结合，带领中小学生一起种树，教育尼加拉瓜下一代如何绿化环境。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.	尼加拉瓜国立农业大学自然资源和环境系的教授弗朗西斯科·雷耶斯全程带队参与了植树造林教育项目。
"We have reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community."	我们有理由相信同样由HKND集团主导的跨洋大运河项目将会为广大尼加拉瓜人民带来更多的裨益，为当地创造更多的就业机会。”
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15,000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.	为了保证植树造林的长期效果，HKND集团还出品了植树造林培训画册，分发给里瓦斯省所有1.5万中小学生，旨在为师生及家长提供长期的技术指导。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.	近日，由中国文联、青海省政府主办的第十届中国国际民间艺术节在青海西宁拉开帷幕。
Some 300 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.	来自五大洲13个国家和地区的艺术团约300余名艺术家同聚一堂，为观众带来了极具国际性与民族民间特色的精彩演出。
On the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan "Avesta" news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3.7%.	塔吉克斯坦“阿维斯塔”通讯社11日援引塔央行的消息称，今年前7个月塔国的通货膨胀率为3.7%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3.7% in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0.6% while such rate in the past year was 6%.	报道指出，今年前7个月塔国的通货膨胀率为3.7%，其中7月份的通胀率为0.6%，而近一年的通胀率为6%。
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7.5% while that in 2015 was 5.1%.	报道称，塔政府的目标是计划将2016年的年通胀率控制在7.5%的水平，而2015年塔国的通胀率为5.1%。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.	另外，报道还指出，在塔国2016年的经济发展和通胀的问题上，塔政府与一些主要的国际金融机构的预测存在着一定的出入。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7%, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.	根据塔贸易和经济发展部的预测，2016年塔国的经济增长将达到7%，而国家的通胀也基本是在这一水平之上。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.	而亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织则是对于塔国2016年经济发展和通胀水则纷纷给出了不同的预测。
For both of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4.2% and 7%, while that of the World Bank were 4.8% and 7.5%, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3.4% and 8.2%.	对于这两项指标，亚洲开发银行的预测为4.2%和7%，世界银行的预测为4.8%和7.5%，国际货币基金组织的预测为3.4%和8.2%。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6% growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.	据悉，尽管受到了国际经济不景气、俄罗斯卢布贬值以及侨汇减少等一系列不利外部因素的影响，但是2015年塔国的经济还是实现了6%的增长。
On August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, "At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people!"	8月11日，记者电话采访已回到四川绵阳家中的黄伊琳时，她说：“当时情况太紧急了，我心里只有一个念头就是救人!”
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.	黄伊琳是中南林科大风景园林学院2015级的学生。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.	就读城乡规划专业的黄伊琳想去四川阆中参观学习当地的建筑设计，于是一家人便前往旅游。
At around 10 a.m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.	8月8日上午10点左右，黄伊琳的父亲在酒店休息，母女俩出来准备逛逛阆中古城。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.	刚走了没多远，突然看到一群人在大呼小叫，出于好奇便走上前去。
Seeing the "little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.	眼看着“小男孩已不见了踪影，小女孩在水里拼命扑腾，江面上只露出她的小脑袋，不时往下沉”，小时候学过游泳的黄伊琳急急忙忙地跳下去救人。
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom!	下水后，身高165厘米的黄伊琳发现竟踩不到底!
The calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.	之前看上去平静的水面，底下却是激流!
But she still desperately swam to the little girl.	但她还是不顾一切地游向小女孩。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.	黄伊琳说，江水浑浊、湍急，不到5米的距离，几乎花光了她所有的力气。
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. "The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink."	她拼尽全力把小女孩推到河堤边，“斜坡特别滑，我怕自己没有力气也沉下去了。”
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms.Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.	于是，黄伊琳向妈妈求救，听到女儿的呼救，水性不好的尹女士准备下水营救，被旁边的游客拦住。
On August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the "concerns" of many relatives and friends.	8月10日，黄伊琳跳江救人的事情传开后，尹女士在收到不少亲友慰问、称赞的同时，也受到不少亲友“问责”。
"Now, in retrospect, it's really scared! To be honest, when my child does not hold on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon."	“现在回想起来真的很后怕!说实话，当孩子在河堤上快坚持不下去了，向我求救时，我的心都快碎了。”
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again!	尹女士心有余悸地说，尽管很危险，但如果再次置身那样的场景，她依然会支持女儿的选择，她为女儿骄傲!
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. "I did not expect this skill really to come in handy."	由于是被逼的，黄伊琳在学会游泳之后就很少主动再下水了，“没想到这项技能还真派上了用场”。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the "The Straight A Student" well-known in her class and ready to help.	据黄伊琳班上的班长陈亦暘介绍，黄伊琳是班里公认的“学霸”，而且乐于助人。
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality	云南省首届青运会13日开赛开幕式打民族牌展示青春活力
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.	云南省首届青少年运动会将于8月13日至8月22日在德宏州芒市举行。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.	8月12日，在德宏州芒市，组委会召开新闻发布会，介绍大赛的组织和开幕式筹备情况。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.	云南省第一届青少年运动会由云南省体育局主办，芒市人民政府承办，运动会将于13日上午举行开幕式。
There are 11 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.	比赛共设有田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等11个项目，涉及180个小项的比赛。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of "government-led, market operation, frugal race", all preparation work has been in place.	云南省第一届青运会组委会副主任、省体育局副局长常林介绍，围绕“政府主导、市场运作、节俭办赛”的原则，目前，各项筹备工作已全部到位。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.	德宏州老体协举重馆和武术馆、芒市一小摔跤馆、银塔景区山地自行车赛道等修缮工作已完成。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.	在赛事保障方面，目前大会招募了580名志愿者，在比赛期间，这些志愿者们将在各个赛场为运动员和观众提供热情服务。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.	同时，从德宏州各医院抽调70名医务人员和11辆救护车组成了11个医疗队，负责比赛现场和运动员住宿的医疗保障工作。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.	涉及开闭幕式的问题，本届青运会的点火仪式结合了云南少数民族的传统运动特点，将展示丰富的云南文化内涵。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1,500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.	目前为准备开幕式文艺演出，共抽调了德宏职业学院1500名学生演员以及其他专业演员共计2000余人。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.	开闭幕式将全面融入云南元素，德宏特色，展示德宏州芒市的地域文化和民俗风物特点。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.	目前，开幕式的彩排工作已结束，明天上午将举行正式演出。
The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.	本届青运会开幕式文艺演出相对以往而言规模更大。
From September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.	9月1日起，60岁至64岁的老年人可以半价乘坐城区的公交车。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.	11日上午，济宁市公交公司IC卡销售中心，办卡窗口前几位老年人正在排队办卡，62岁的姚大爷拿到老年半价卡。
Prior to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue "A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.	此前，济宁市老龄委、市财政局、市交通局下发《关于60—64周岁老年人半价乘坐城区公交车的通知》，该优惠政策从今年的9月1日正式实施。
"Eligible old people may apply to IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy."	“符合条件的老年人，持二代身份证到IC销售中心办理就可以；外地户口符合这个年龄的老年人也享受这个优惠。”
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.	济宁市公交公司计算机中心副主任刘霞说，从8月1日开始办理以来，已办了200多张老年半价卡。
Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.	目前，老年卡分为两种，一种是老年免费卡，一种是老年半价卡。
"To save time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with card do not need to commute twice."	“为了方便老年人，对系统进行了升级，老年免费卡由原来一年审两次减少为一次，持卡的老年人不用跑两趟了。”
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.	据证监会官方微博消息，证监会今日表示，目前，两地证券监管部门以及深交所和港交所之间，正在密切合作。
At the same time, the Commission set up a "Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism" special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.	同时，证监会成立了“深港通”专项工作小组，积极推进“深港通”的各项准备工作，待相关监管规则与技术装备就绪后，今年将择机开通。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.	群发诈骗短信达到一定数量，即使未诈骗得手，也可以诈骗罪论处。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.	河南省南阳市卧龙区人民法院审理查明，２０１５年９月３０日至１０月４日，被告人李会旺先后在桐柏县、南阳城区利用伪基站设备发送诈骗信息。
In the same year, at 10 a.m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.	同年，１０月５日１０时许，被告人再次来到南阳市卧龙区某宾馆房间内利用伪基站群发诈骗短信时，被公安民警抓获。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62,228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62,228 mobile phone users.	经评估，该伪基站设备在２０１５年１０月４日发送短信６２２２８条，造成６２２２８个手机用户人均通讯中断８秒以上至１０分钟以下。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62,228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.	法院经审理认为，被告人李会旺利用伪基站对不特定多数人发送诈骗短信共计６２２２８条，其行为已构成诈骗罪。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.	对于辩护人提出的被告人被抓时系未遂犯、未造成后果，认罪态度较好，建议对其从轻处罚的意见予以采纳。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10,000 yuan.	综合被告人犯罪性质、认罪态度等情节，以诈骗罪判处其有期徒刑４年零６个月，并处罚金１万元。
Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered (EN) by the World Conservation Union (IUCN) Red List of Endangered Species.	东北虎，目前被世界自然保护联盟(IUCN)濒危物种红色名录列为濒危(EN)物种。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.	据吉林省林业厅介绍，1998年中美俄等国联合监测的数据显示，吉林省仅有野生东北虎4到6只、东北豹3到5只。
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly	据吉林省林业厅保护处处长于长春介绍，近年来吉林省不断加大对野生动物的保护，东北虎、东北豹在中国的种群数量正显著增长，分布区域不断扩展。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.	2015年最新监测数据显示，仅吉林省境内就监测到野生东北虎27只、东北豹42只。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area,.	作为分布在中俄交界区域的世界野生动物保护旗舰物种，中俄两国间的合作对于野生东北虎、豹的种群恢复和繁衍意义重大。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.	据吉林省林业厅介绍，此前吉林省已与俄罗斯建立了长期稳定的合作交流机制。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.	在11日结束的2016中国珲春虎豹保护国际论坛上，中俄两国林业部门和动物保护组织再次达成多项共识。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.	吉林省林业厅表示，加强中俄两国虎、豹保护合作，不仅是中国东北虎、豹保护面临的十分紧迫的任务，也是维系俄罗斯虎、豹种群健康的当务之急。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.	孙福坚身为党员领导干部，理想信念丧失，严重违反党的纪律，且党的十八大后仍不收敛、不收手、顶风违纪，性质恶劣、情节严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.	此案件发生后，经多家媒体报道后，成为焦点案件，社会影响极坏。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.	案件发生后，海口市公安局刑警支队领导高度重视，立即组织支队一大队精干警力主动出击展开侦查。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.	警方立即将该嫌疑人执行上网追逃，采取多种措施布控，并通过联系外地警方协查王某国的下落。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.	由于该嫌疑人系盗窃惯犯，屡次被公安机关打击处理过，具有较强的反侦察能力，加上他长期吸毒，讯问中毒瘾时常发作，审讯工作非常困难。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.	格陵兰鲨又称小头睡鲨，广泛分布于格陵兰岛与冰岛周围的北大西洋海域，其在成年时所达到的身长为4至5米。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.	但它们的生长速度极其缓慢，有时1年只长约1厘米，这提示格陵兰鲨可能有着格外长的寿命。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.	传统的测年方法通常使用动物的钙化组织，一些鲨鱼中可以使用鳍脊，但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨中十分稀少。
A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.	由丹麦哥本哈根大学的尤利乌斯·尼尔森领导的新研究转而使用格陵兰鲨的眼部晶状体进行放射性碳测年。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.	这种方法此前曾用于测定鲸鱼的年龄，但用来确定鲨鱼等鱼类的年龄还是第一次。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.	他们的分析显示，这头最大的鲨鱼寿命估计为392岁，误差为120岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.	这就是说，这条鲨鱼年龄至少是272岁，最大可能达到512岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.	此外，雌性的格陵兰鲨据称要到身长约4米时才能性成熟，换算成年龄也就是至少要到156岁才成年。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale (211 years).	研究人员因此在论文中写道，格陵兰鲨是地球上已知的、最长寿的脊椎动物，超过了以前的长寿冠军露脊鲸（211岁）。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.	一年以来，汇改成果显著，人民币汇率保持基本稳定，同时也为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
From the point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.	从市场表现来看，一年来，人民币汇率双向浮动特征明显，汇率弹性增强，汇率预期总体平稳。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.	汇改至今，人民币对美元中间价超百点的上下波动屡屡出现，但过程升贬交替。
Last year, the last remittance measure before "8.11" exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.	去年“8·11”汇改之前的最后一次汇改措施实施于2005年，十年间人民币对美元显著升值。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8%.	新汇改实施以来，人民币改变了之前升值状态，一年间人民币汇率中间价贬值约8％。
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.	今年10月1日，国际货币基金组织将正式接纳人民币，成为ＳＤＲ（特别提款权）权重货币。
This week, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13.21 trillion yuan, down 3% over the same period last year.	本周，中国海关总署公布的统计数据显示，今年前7个月，中国进出口总值13.21万亿元人民币，比去年同期下降3％。
In July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0.9% year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2.9%.	而在7月当月，中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9％，特别是出口同比增长了2.9％。
Relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.	相关专家认为，尽管7月进出口有企稳迹象，但不应有过高预期。
In July, China's total import and export valued 2.09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0.9%.	7月，中国进出口总值2.09万亿元人民币，同比下降0.9％。
Among them, the export was valued 1.22 trillion yuan, up 2.9%; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5.7%; trade surplus was valued 342.8 billion yuan, an increase of 34%.	其中，出口1.22万亿元人民币，增长2.9％；进口8730亿元人民币，下降5.7％；贸易顺差3428亿元，扩大34％。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.	尽管进出口总值同比依然下降，但出口数据出现了增长，这也是自今年3月以来，出口实现连续第五个月增长。
Shanghai police captured more than 3,400 thieves and combated 157 "robbery fraud" gangs in 4 months	上海警方4个月擒贼3400余人打击“盗抢骗”团伙157个
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.	在侦破案件的同时，警方还追缴赃款赃物合计人民币3300余万元。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.	据盗窃团伙成员供述，他们通过包乘黑车方式从外地进入上海，随后分别下车作案，数小时后各自会合上车，再一同离沪。
During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.	作案过程中犯罪嫌疑人往往以一幢楼为单位，采用外墙攀爬，撬断防盗窗栅栏的方式从上至下“扫楼式”盗窃。
Recently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.	日前，该涉案犯罪嫌疑人已被徐汇公安分局移送徐汇区检察院审查起诉。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.	警方提醒广大市民群众，外出时务必锁好家中门窗，对于防盗窗的选择，建议市民群众应当选择材质较硬的钢材。
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.	据中国之声《新闻晚高峰》报道，8月下旬，日本首相安倍晋三将赴肯尼亚出席第六届非洲开发会议。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.	非洲开发会议由日本主导，此前的五次会议均是在日本东京或者横滨举行，因此，本次会议也将是首次移师非洲。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.	日本外务省官员就此表示，在非洲当地召开会议有助于引起非洲和欧洲各国对日本的关注。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.	为了配合安倍晋三的此次出访，据共同社消息，日本自民党将向相关各国派遣议员团。
Japan's "application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council" began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.	日本“入常”之路始于上世纪90年代初，而由日本发起的非洲开发会议同样始于1993年，这不是巧合！
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council?	非洲在联合国拥有53个席位，是联合国的重要票仓，日本要想“入常”，又怎么会舍弃非洲？
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of "Islamic State" and terrorist activities.	还将与各国相关人士就极端组织“伊斯兰国”及恐怖活动对策交换意见。
"Western Group" will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.	“西部组”将访问塞拉利昂、利比里亚、几内亚比绍等7个国家。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.	日本外相岸田文雄近来也在联合国安理会上就此次非洲开发会议说明了意图。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen (about RMB 6.1 billion) in five years.	安倍曾在此间宣布，为了撒哈拉沙漠以南非洲国家的稳定，将在5年内提供1000亿日元（约合人民币61亿元）的援助。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa: first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.	观察人士普遍认为，一直以来，日本对非洲的慷慨主要有两个目的：一是增加日本在非洲的存在感；二是争取在入常问题上赢得非洲国家的支持。
"In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called 'big ticket field,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.	日本问题专家杨伯江分析称，“从政治方面，非洲虽然相对发展滞后，但是国家数量比较多，所以日本一向把它视为所谓的‘大票田’。”
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.	今后日本是不会放弃的，对于非洲的工作也不会就此终止，会不断加强。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.	经济方面，因为日本的生产能力比较强，但是国内市场相对有限，特别是目前在少子老龄化背景下，内需相对比较低迷。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the "sprint" scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.	不过，从10年前的小泉纯一郎，到10年后的安倍，其间，日本曾多次发起的入常“冲刺”，却均铩羽而归。
Yang Bojiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.	日本问题专家杨伯江认为，日本入常意图一目了然，但入常之路势必困难重重。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.	日本要实现自己的目标，首先要和周边国家搞好关系，其中，无论在地缘政治争夺还是在民族争端以及历史认识问题上，日本需要有一个正确的态度。
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat	海口海事法院凌晨立案确保临高渔船沉没事件当事人权益
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a.m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.	3名身亡船员的亲属于8月7日凌晨4点赶赴海口海事法院，提起诉前财产保全扣押涉嫌肇事货轮的申请。
After the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.	4日事发后，涉嫌肇事货轮被海事局扣押于海口秀英港协助调查。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9:00 a.m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.	鉴于海事局72小时扣押期限于8月7日上午9点届满，遇难者亲属于7日凌晨向法院提起财产保全申请。
At 4:20 a.m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.	凌晨4点20分，申请人提起诉前财产保全，值班法警耐心接待。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.	本期大讲坛由山东大学政治与公共管理学院常务副院长曹现强教授主持。
What are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance?	世界经济全球化、一体化对执政能力带来哪些挑战?
How does national governance adapt to the changing world?	国家治理如何适应变化的世界?
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.	届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行全方位的剖析。
Fan Deshang is a Ph.D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.	范德尚系北京大学法学博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任美国康奈尔大学驻北京办公室主任。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.	目前研究内容主要集中在全球政治、经济、科技、文化宗教等领域的深刻变化,以及这些变化对国家治理、领导力、全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot "2016 Bon Culture Festival" -The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong	传统习俗引入新亮点“2016盂兰文化节”香港维园开幕
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.	敲锣打鼓的音乐、传统的小食、花俏的装饰、人群汹涌的现场。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, "2016 Bon Culture Festival" was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.	由香港潮属社团总会主办的“2016盂兰文化节”12日至14日在维多利亚公园举办，这是香港最盛大的一场盂兰胜会。
In addition to the continuation of the existing "Climbing Competition", "parent basin for the heap" for the entire family is also added.	除了延续已有的“抢孤竞赛”，还增加了全家可以参加的“亲子盆供堆垒赛”。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.	不仅用漫画形式介绍盂兰文化历史，现场还设有盂兰主题3D自拍区、传统小食区以及传统手艺流动教室等，吸引不少小朋友和海外人士来体验参观。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.	一对来自法国的夫妻在活动现场逗留了近3个小时，并且在迷你花牌流动教室体验了一番。
"After knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh."	“在网上查到这个特别的节日，所以决定来看看，感到很新鲜。”
They said, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.	他们表示，虽然法国也有类似纪念先人的节日，但气氛很沉重，不像这里，有音乐，有食物还可以学习传统手艺。
She said, "It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong".	她说，“在香港这么繁忙的金融大都市，还能看到这么有规模、有组织的祭拜祖先的仪式。”
"This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage."	“这不仅体现了中国文化的多元性，还能让更多人了解这些传统手艺并且传承下去。”
"We do not want to make the Bon Culture Festival very horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children," said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.	本次活动总统筹胡炎松表示，“我们不想把盂兰文化节布置得很恐怖，让人不敢接近，特别是小孩子。”
"We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Bon Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving."	“我们希望通过现场年轻化的活动和布置，让年轻人知道盂兰节文化背后想表达的是孝道和感恩。“
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in "climbing competition", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.	他也表示，这次共有24个队伍参加“抢孤竞赛”，其中不仅有社团组织，还与一些学校合作，让学生参加。
It is understood that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as "national intangible cultural heritage list" in 2011.	据了解，香港潮人盂兰胜会已于2011年列入“国家级非物质文化遗产名录”。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play "White Snake" and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.	１１日晚，中国国家京剧院携名剧《白蛇传》穿越千里来到墨西哥城，在墨国家美术宫为当地民众呈现了一场原汁原味的京剧盛宴。
As the key performance project of "Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.	作为“中拉文化交流年”重点演出项目，８月９日至２３日，中国国家京剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城以及科尔多瓦、华雷斯等５座城市演出７场京剧。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the "White Snake" episode and the actor's singing.	观众们跟着《白蛇传》情节的起承转合、演员的唱念做打，时而会心微笑，时而热烈鼓掌。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.	１５年前曾观看过京剧演出的玛丽萨·希门尼斯·卡乔陪着女儿看完演出。
"This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me ... ... I think it is necessary to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art."	“这是一场精彩绝伦的表演，音乐、灯光、舞台表演都让我印象深刻，……我觉得很有必要让女儿也来了解中国文化和中国京剧艺术。”
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.	墨西哥观众的热情给白娘子扮演者、青年演员付佳留下深刻印象。
"It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.	“我没有想到墨西哥观众这么热情，原本我对他们能否理解故事还有些担心，但是今天看到他们能抓住故事情节和许多笑点，这出乎我的意料。”
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's "Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year" promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.	中国驻墨西哥大使邱小琪说，今年“中拉文化交流年”的各项文化交流活动对推动中墨两国人民加深了解、增进友谊具有积极作用。
Next year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.	明年是中墨两国建交４５周年，届时将会有更多文化交流活动在中墨两国举办。
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of "Double Restoration and Dual City" and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management	刘赐贵赴三亚调研“双修、双城”要求提升城市建管水平
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of "Double Restoration and Dual City" and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.	12日上午，刘赐贵主持召开座谈会，听取了三亚市“双修”“双城”试点工作推进情况的汇报及各有关部门的意见建议。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage results and good experiences and practice.	刘赐贵对试点工作中取得的阶段性成果和创造出的好经验、好做法给予充分肯定。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of "Double Restoration and Dual City" as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.	刘赐贵强调，三亚要紧紧抓住历史发展机遇，以“双修”“双城”试点工作为重要抓手，在全省经济社会发展中充分发挥好示范带动的龙头作用。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.	要在提升国际旅游岛国际化水平中发挥好带头作用，从点滴细节入手，丰富国际元素、打造国际精品。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.	要在城乡一体化和全域旅游中发挥好带头作用，加快特色风情小镇建设，将旅游元素融入每个项目，把三亚的每个乡村、城镇都建设成旅游景区。
We should lead in "the 100-day social service investment move" and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.	要在“服务社会投资百日大行动”中发挥好带头作用，推动一批重大项目和园区建设，确保高质量项目的落地，把大行动的各项要求落实好。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.	省委常委、三亚市委书记张琦，副省长王路，省政府秘书长陆志远参加调研座谈。
In the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.	邓亚萍在14年的运动生涯中，共拿到18个世界冠军，成为中国奥运历史上第一个夺得四枚奥运金牌的人。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the "the world's first" for the longest time in the history of table tennis.	她在乒坛排名连续8年保持世界第一，是乒乓球史上排名“世界第一”时间最长的女运动员。
On September 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.	2010年9月26日，任人民日报社副秘书长兼人民搜索网络股份公司总经理，正厅级干部。
Recently, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.	日前，她将和俞敏洪联手共同打造国内第一家体育产业创新创业平台。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.	中国体坛上也有这样一群明星教练：他们在运动员时代风光无限，为国家赢得无数荣耀；退役后将多年所学传授于后来者，培养出中夺冠军。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.	作为中国男子体操首位世界冠军，黄玉斌退役后选择拿起教鞭。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an "Olympic gold group", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.	从女队教练到男队教练，再到总教练，黄玉斌打造了一支“奥运金团”，更率队在北京奥运会取得了9金1银4铜的神话战绩。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a "Cowherd", "Lei Feng" and other important roles in recent years.	此后，田亮一直广告代言不断，更是在近年扮演了“牛郎”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.	很多NBA球员都证明了自己的实力。但是有人进步就有人衰落。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.	无论是因为年龄的增大还是出场时间被限制，每个赛季都有一些球员的表现会出现退步。
Of course, some "retreat" may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.	当然了，有些“退步”可能仅仅是数据的缩水，这些球员的实力可能并未下降。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.	即便韦德仍是联盟里最好的得分后卫之一，但是他在公牛的表现应该不会有热火那么好了。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32.8%, making their next-season offence quite challenging.	他和隆多组成的后场射程有限，当家球星巴特勒的三分命中率也只有32.8%，这让他们下赛季的进攻会打得很拥挤。
After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.	来到了风城，闪电侠势必把球权更多地让给巴特勒和隆多，自己很可能在常规赛选择养生打法。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.	奥卡福的情况比较尴尬，作为上赛季76人的第一选择，他在新赛季不得不和西蒙斯以及恩比德竞争上场时间和球权。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.	这一竞争可能不会来的很快，西蒙斯还需要适应NBA赛场，恩比德也要尽快从伤病中完全恢复，但是奥卡福能否在76人的长人阵中有位置还是个问题。
Last season, 32% of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.	上个赛季，奥卡福32%的得分来自低位进攻，这一比例高于考辛斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩斯，同时他的使用率也高居联盟前40。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.	随着西蒙斯已经展现了出色的控球前锋潜质，恩比德也拥有着更适合NBA比赛的身材，奥卡福的地位恐怕很难再那么稳固了。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.	过去两个赛季，汤普森的使用率已经稳定在了联盟前20，而这也是他生涯最出色的两个赛季。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.	不过问题是，随着杜兰特的到来，汤普森的使用率一定会下降，这势必将影响他的发挥。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.	这一影响将不仅是出手次数的影响，汤神的持球进攻在下赛季肯定也会大大减少，这在某些方面也会降低对手对他的防守难度。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.	杜兰特的到来一定会让勇士队的球员们数据缩水，但这其中缩水最严重的恐怕就是汤普森了。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.	但这并不意味着汤神的水平退步，这更像是他为球队整体做出了牺牲。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.	帕克在上个赛季表现得比数据反映的要好些，不仅是因为他的篮下效率来到了生涯最高，他和阿尔德里奇的化学反应也让马刺队受益。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.	邓肯退役，吉诺比利宣布再战一年，GDP的组合最终也走到了尽头，作为三个人里最年轻的一个，法国跑车的油箱里也没有多少油了。
After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.	在得到了第三枚总冠军戒指之后，只有贾巴尔、乔丹和拉塞尔比詹姆斯赢得了更多的常规赛MVP，而乔丹是唯一一个FMVP比詹姆斯多的人。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.	哦，对了，詹姆斯刚刚为克利夫兰带来了过去52年里第一座职业体育冠军奖杯。
Coming to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.	来到了职业生涯第14个赛季的詹姆斯需要更好的保证体力，为季后赛做好准备。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.	因此，在常规赛里，詹姆斯的数据很可能进一步下滑，他会把更多的重担分给欧文来承担，不过他仍然会轻松地成为联盟前三的球员。
"I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia".	“一定要把从国内学到的才艺在俄罗斯发扬开来”。
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews.com.	当地时间12日，莫斯科华侨华人联合会主席黄静在看到中新网记者时激动的说道。
Not long ago, she participated in the "overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent (calligraphy, painting) training" hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.	前不久，她在国内参加了由中国国务院侨务办公室主办、暨南大学承办的“海外华人文化社团中华才艺(书法、绘画)培训班”。
While participating in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.	刚刚参加培训班时，自己对于书画完全不知道从哪里下手，结果在培训班结束后，已经能画出和写出自己的作品。
After returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.	自己回莫斯科后，一定要用所学到的知识和技能，为中华文化的传播和弘扬作出自己的贡献。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.	同时参加这一培训班的俄罗斯中华文化促进会秘书长那延伟也有相同感觉。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the "overseas communicator of Chinese culture"	她说，自己在培训班老师的帮助下进步非常大，同时也感受到了作为“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.	那延伟说，自己回俄后定要把中华传统文化在华人和热爱中国文化的俄罗斯人中间传播和弘扬下去。
At 19:35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.	今日19点35分，在中超第22轮率先开打的一场比赛中，重庆力帆客场挑战北京国安。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.	第29分钟，王栋操刀点球破门，第39分钟，新援卡尔德克在费尔南多助攻下收获中超首球，第81分钟，国安扳回一球。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.	比赛进行10分钟后，力帆连续冲击中连获角球机会，费尔南多小角度抽射被国安防线挡出底线。
At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.	第15分钟，张稀哲中场直线挑传，伊尔马兹已直冲禁区，单兵防守的刘宇抢先出脚将球破坏。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.	1分钟后朴成在左路前插传中，于大宝禁区中路扫射未踢正部位，力帆门将邓小飞将球没收。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.	费尔南多右路一对二回带后突然挑传门前，卡尔德克前插接应时被雷腾龙飞扑动作放倒，裁判判定点球，并向雷腾龙出示黄牌。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.	国安在第37分钟就进行换人调整，张晓彬下场，张池明登场反戈旧主。
Alan Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.	卡尔德克禁区前摆脱分球，费尔南多禁区左侧低平球传中，卡尔德克顺势推射破门。
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2:0.	这也是卡尔德克在中超首发的赛事中就取得入球，力帆2:0领先。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.	下半场刚刚开场费尔南多就以强行突破赢得右侧任意球，可惜小角度攻门打高。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.	在邓小飞被判定拖延时间领到黄牌后，替补出场的彭欣力因禁区前犯规也领到黄牌。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.	第56分钟，张池明左路内切中与张稀哲传递配合，其弧线球攻门被邓小飞挡出。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.	刘宇禁区前凶狠铲抢侵犯克里梅茨，他与情绪激动的王栋相继领到黄牌。
At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.	第63分钟，费尔南多右路奔袭时被克里梅茨直接撞翻，费尔南多对克里梅茨的动作非常不满，克里梅茨领到黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.	1分钟后费尔南多再度在右路展示奔袭能力，于大宝追防犯规也领到黄牌。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line forcibly break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2: 1 national security.	伊尔马兹禁区线内强行突破，在郑又荣伸腿拦截动作下倒地，裁判判定点球，伊尔马兹操刀破门，力帆2:1国安。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.	第86分钟，周挺右路送出传中，谢尔盖耶夫在禁区中路胸部停球后顺势施射，邓小飞再次以精彩扑救将球封出。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.	4分钟补时过后，力帆将2-1的比分保持到终场，于客场战胜国安。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.	拿下这宝贵的3分之后，目前力帆的积分达到27分，暂居积分榜第10位。
Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.	莱曼届时将作为德甲亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家，参加当地各种球迷活动。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016/17 German Bundesliga season.	据介绍，今年秋季，德甲联赛形象大使莱曼和马特乌斯将代表德甲在亚洲和美洲陆续展开传奇之旅，为2016/17赛季德甲的开幕打响前哨。
The event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.	本次活动将横跨两个大洲、覆盖四座顶级城市，他们将在各地和球迷们一起为新赛季预热造势。
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues (FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.	德甲联赛被誉为欧洲五大联赛(英超、西甲、意甲、德甲、法甲)之一，是足球王国德国体育界当仁不让的旗舰赛事。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13.3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.	作为全球最具实力的联赛之一，德甲仅2014-2015赛季就吸引了约1330万名观众来到球场观战。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.	德甲豪门的代表拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德和著名球星托马斯·穆勒、拉姆、格策等在中国可谓家喻户晓。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.	配合此前德甲已上线的微博、优酷和微信中文平台，德甲方面寄望为中国球迷提供更广泛和及时便捷的渠道，获取该联赛的最新消息。
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold	英国队在七人制橄榄球赛中获得银牌，斐济队夺得金牌
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.	在周四晚上的七人制橄榄球赛决赛中，英国队未能在斐济队面前延续之前的出色表现，被斐济队以43比7在里约蒂奥多罗体育场击败。
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour.	斐济队凭借在控球、抢断、回避、配合、跑动和力量方面无懈可击的表现夺得金牌，这也是该国有史以来的首块奥运会奖牌。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver - Britain's third of the day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.	银牌对于被击败的英国队而言也算是一个不小的安慰，这块银牌是英国代表团当天获得的第三块银牌。这一成绩足以让英国橄榄球队感到骄傲：他们在首次进入奥运会的七人制橄榄球赛上一路击败了新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
The bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.	当天早些时候，英国队以7比5险胜南非队，这可能影响了他们在决赛中状态。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.	但无论如何，现在的斐济队足以击败一支精神饱满的15人球队。
It may be some consolation to GB - but probably not - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.	明天，至少有一个英国人将戴上一块金牌，这对于英国队而言可能是一种安慰，但也可能不是。这个英国人就是来自温布尔顿的斐济队主教练本·瑞恩，他曾担任英国队的主教练。
It has been some journey for GB.	英国队能取得今天的成绩实属不易。
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.	八年前，在瑞恩的执教下，他们在阿德莱得国际七人制橄榄球赛上未尝胜果。
Here, they lost just one.	而现在，他们离冠军仅一步之遥。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.	虽然他们受到了巨大的打击，但也取得了十分惊人的进步。
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.	斐济开场就占据优势，使英国队毫无招架之力。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.	对于汤姆·米切尔和他的队友而言，这就像撞上了一连串正在行驶的公共汽车。当欧西·科林尼索冲入角旗区时，这支世界系列赛冠军球队已经以5比0的比分遥遥领先了。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.	比赛仅仅过了四分钟，杰瑞·图怀又在右翼触地得分。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.	12比0，英国队几乎没有碰到过球。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.	米切尔的强力阻截让巨人一般的里昂•那卡拉瓦没有第三次得分，但这仅仅是延缓了斐济得分的速度。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.	在7分钟时，亚萨·卫莱马鲁在右角触地。17比0，英国队雪上加霜。
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock ... in the first half.	那卡拉瓦又得一分，而比赛……的上半场还剩1分钟。
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.	然后，瓦特莫·拉沃沃冲破英国队的防守，直达得分线。
The conversion made it 29-0 at the break.	中场休息时，比分已经是29比0。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.	斐济人就好像生来就是打7人制橄榄球的，而英国队仍是初出茅庐。
Which is pretty much how it is.	情况就是这样。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam...for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.	英国队在下半场作出了巨大的改变并且在整整四分钟里冲击着斐济人的防线，就上半场而言，这一表现已经很好了。但之后斐济队打出精彩的配合，由乔舒亚·图埃索瓦再次得分。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.	丹·诺顿为英国队创造了得分的机会，他在左角触地，将比分更改为36比7，但比赛早已在南海岛国的掌控中，他们的球迷在站台上高声歌唱、挥舞旗帜、载歌载舞。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.	斐济队的精彩表现令人不得不拍手称快。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.	马塔·威廉在最后时刻阻止了斐济队的一次无所谓的进攻。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.	终场哨声响起，斐济人拥抱在一起，而完败的英国队只能遗憾退场。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each - Britain's conversion the difference.	当天早些时候，斐济队在半决赛中以20比5击败了日本队，而英国对在一场激烈的半决赛对决中险胜南非队。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.	上半场凯尔·布朗帮助南非队取得领先，但丹·诺顿在下半场凭借出色的脚法破门得分。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win - and ultimately the silver medal.	之后，英格兰队安东尼的兄弟马库斯·沃森用精彩的拦截确保了球队的胜利，最终英国队夺得银牌。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle	海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁受身患癌症的教练的鼓舞，夺得赛艇金牌
There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.	毫不夸张地说，这是最让人感动的一块金牌。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.	从第一次划桨开始到现在，海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁已接受了220次惩罚性拉举训练，而她们在 Estacio da Lagoa夺得的这块金牌具有更非凡的的意义。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.	虽然划桨的只有她们两人，但船上还有一个人——教练罗宾·威廉姆斯——的声音一直陪伴着她们冲击连续第二块女子双人桨奥运会金牌，这是英国首对达到这一高度的赛艇女子组合。
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.	她们已保持了39场不败纪录，具有绝对的优势。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.	我们所看到的是这两名天才运动员在水面上优雅前行，但这并不是这一胜利的全部。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.	在每一块赛艇金牌的背后都有许多自愿帮助的人，正是他们的不断奉献创造了不同，而其中帮助最大的莫过于一位30个月前得知自己身患癌症、不知道自己能否活着看到这一天的教练。
As he said, it was touch and go.	正如他所说，死亡随时可能到来。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.	我患上了膀胱癌，他们为我做了手术。
If they don't it goes everywhere.	如果不做手术的话，癌细胞会扩撒到全身。
It would have been a pretty bad situation.	这样，情况会糟糕得多。
It alters your outlook a bit.	这会略微改变你的看法。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.	威廉姆斯在2013年12月被确诊为癌症。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.	幸运的是，他在2014年年初开始了治疗，将影响降到最低，虽然在这种情况下这么说可能并不合适。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.	我需要拿到工资，因此我必须赶快好起来。
It was an incentive.	这对我来说是一种激励。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward - 20ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.	我住在医院里，虽然他们说走几步就足够了，但我还是每次绕着病房走上20英尺、30英尺、50英尺。
That's how it starts off.	这就是一切的起点。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.	赛艇运动本身是一次旅程，而这让这段旅程变得更长一点。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.	在夺金的那一刻，她们首先想到的是威廉姆斯。今天早上的威廉姆斯比平时略微健谈一些，这是为了克服他的焦虑。
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said "I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot."	曾是皇家炮兵团队长的斯坦宁之后将前往阿富汗，她表示：“我这周的心情很不好，可能有点极端，但这块金牌的确意义非凡。”
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.	它反复告诉我这对于我而言有多重要，我、海伦以及罗宾付出了多大的努力。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.	这是海伦、罗宾和我努力了三年的回报。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.	如果没有罗宾，我们还只是无名小卒，非常感谢他，他是全世界最棒的教练。
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.	我不可能找到比他更棒的训练师和教练。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.	海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁在五年中未尝败绩。
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.	这对组合所设置的惩罚力度是她们的对手所无法比拟的。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.	即便是在最后的500米，新西兰队和丹麦队开始逼近时，斯坦宁和格拉芙仍有大量的体能储备。
We were very much in the moment.	当时真是惊心动魄。
Helen was calling 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.	海伦叫着：“保持节奏、保持节奏”。
It's really important not to get carried away.	不被对手所影响的确非常重要。
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.	我们有一个很好的开始，同时我们并没有期盼着做什么惊天动地的大事。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.	我们没有去想今天的荣耀，我们只是想着划好每一桨和赢得这场比赛，并且我们做到了。
The pair will take a year before deciding their futures.	这对组合花了一年时间决定自己的未来。
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.	格拉芙下个月将与电视探险员史蒂夫·巴克沙尔结婚。
For now she just wants to enjoy the moment.	不过现在，她只想享受当下。
I didn't want to say this was my last race.	我不想说这是我的最后一场比赛。
That would have meant too much pressure.	这会给我带来太大的压力。
In London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.	在伦敦，我用了约六个月时间才意识到我是奥运冠军。
It was all so new and I was so stressed.	这是一种全新的体验，而我感到十分紧张。
Here it took about four minutes.	现在已过去了约4分钟。
This feels so much better," she said.	她表示“我感觉好多了。”
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library	洛杉矶中央图书馆的惊艳结构先睹为快
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture" .	美国建筑史学家学会南加利福尼亚洲分会与新书《洛杉矶中央博物馆：其艺术与建筑历史》的作者阿诺·斯瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉举办了一场沙龙。观众们可通过此次活动进一步了解市中心中央图书馆的历史。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.	吉和斯瓦茨曼将讨论并分享1926年贝特伦·古德西的设计图片以及1933年哈迪・霍尔兹曼・弗夫尔事务所的修复与扩建图片。
The salon is set for 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.	此次沙龙的时间为：8月21日下午2点至4点，地点：Salle Moderne，Art Deco Southwestern School of Law（前Bullocks Wilshire)，3050 Wilshire Blvd。
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.	参加者可以参观中央大厅、时代展室、仙人掌休息室和茶室。
Advance tickets are required; SAH/SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.	需要提前订票；SAHSCC会员：15美元；非会员：25美元。
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover	DTLA的开放式工厂阁楼进行了一次舒适的改造。
Celebrating L.A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday with - what else? - a new book	庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆90周年以及新书的发售
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months	保加利亚8个月来首次出现通货膨胀
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.	国家统计结果表明，7月保加利亚的月通货膨胀率为1%。
This is the highest value in years (since June 2012) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0.2% was posted.	这是几年来（自2012年6月起） 最高的通货膨胀率。去年10月 （通货膨胀率0.2%） 之后，通货膨胀率首次突破零点。
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.	相比之前的12个月 （2014年8月至2015年7月），过去12个月 （2015年8月至2016年7月） 的年平均通货膨胀率 （以消费者价格指数衡量）为 -0.8%。
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.	相比2016年6月，2016年7月的消费者价格指数为101.0%，即月通货膨胀率为 1.0%。
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) has been -0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.	今年至今的通货膨胀率 （2016年7月相对于2015年12月） 为 -0.2%。相比2015年7月，2016年7月的年通货膨胀率为 -0.2%。
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).	相比上月，下列几类消费品的价格在2016年7月出现上涨：食品和非酒精饮料 (1.7%)、交通 (1.8%)、娱乐与文化 (6.3%)、餐厅与酒店 (1.2%)、其他商品与服务 (0.3%)。
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear (2.2%); furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).	价格出现下降的有服装与鞋类 (2.2%)、家具、家电和常规维护 (0.5%)、医疗 (0.1%)。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education.	与上月价格持平的有酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电、天然气和其他燃料、通信、教育。
Snapchat "Anime" Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature	Snapchat 的“动漫”效果被指讽刺亚洲人
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.	Snapchat表示这一滤镜的灵感来自动漫，但一些观察者认为它带有种族色彩。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.	Snapchat的1.5亿名日常用户可以通过其滤镜工具改变现实并且将人像变得滑稽可笑。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.	你可以把自己变成一颗菠萝、一只狗或一个罗伊·利希滕斯坦画中的角色。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.	这些透镜具有钝化、弯曲特征的效果，每天产生3000多万张经过修饰的自拍。
Any missteps quickly enter the public record.	任何失误都会立刻被公众所注意。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.	Snapchat透镜曾受到批评，该应用被指鼓动扮演黑人或者以白色皮肤为美。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people - "yellowface."	因此，当该应用本周为一些用户提供了一个可以创造斜眼、怪牙和粉脸效果的滤镜时，一些评论家将其称为对亚洲“黄种人”的种族讽刺。
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.	他们甚至认为这些反复出现的问题是否意味着该公司在多样性上存在较大的问题。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.	在Snapchat表示其删除该功能后，周三The Verge and Motherboard的报道引发众怒。
The company offered an explanation: The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.	该公司的解释是：该滤镜是对动漫角色致敬，而非讽刺亚洲人。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.	但对于经历过种族主义的观察者而言，该滤镜让他们想起了现实中具有伤害性的刻板印象。
Others roundly rejected the anime comparison.	其他人也坚决反对这些动漫形象。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was "hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least."	一名针对这些照片发表了推特并且被广泛分享的韩裔美国艺术生在一封电子邮件中表示，这些滤镜“至少是令人感到难受和不适的”。
She added that "it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.	她还表示：“很难区分极度恶心的亚洲讽刺形象与滤镜的效果。”
It shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.	虽然滤镜中不只是黄种人，但黄种人被极端贬低。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.	Snapchat并不是唯一一家触及这些文化底线的公司。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.	从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们携带的设备，美国文化似乎一直在提倡多样性与包容性。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people - who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts - might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.	Snapchat庞大的年轻群体由于比老一辈更加注重种族的多元化，因此可能会十分敏感。
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, "it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before."	当Snapchat的一个滤镜产生了侮辱用户的形象时，25岁的朱凯蒂 （音译） 在周四的采访中表示：“相比以前，此类事物更难逃过人们的视线。”
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.	周四，在Medium担任产品经理和工程师的朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat帐号并且鼓励他人也这么做。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.	在一篇为Medium所写的文章和一次电话采访中，她表示自己认为种族方面的争议反映了Snapchat在招聘过程中缺乏种族多样性。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.	朱女士批评该公司的员工大多数为白人，领导层全部为男性并且在文章的最后加上了一个标签：#DeleteSnapchat。
"It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this," Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, "or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up."	作为一名华裔美国人，朱女士表示：“要么他们的员工中没有各色人种，所以才能作出这样的决定，要么他们的员工中有一些有色人种，但他们的职位无法让他们畅所欲言。”
Other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.	其他观察者分享了她没有被Snapchat回应的投诉。
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.	该公司并未发布有关员工多样性的数据，并且表示自己是一家私人公司。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.	周四，Snapchat拒绝讨论其员工的种族背景，但一名发言人称，该公司近期雇用了一名招聘人员专门负责关注内部比例较低的人群以及推动内部包容性方面的工作。
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, "I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K."	朱女士表示，她将关闭她的 Snapchat 帐号：“我想知道他们是否需要更多像我们这样反对这一行为的用户。”
Military Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says	国会小组表示，军事官员扭曲了ISIS的情报
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.	一个国会小组在周四发布的报告中指出，美国中央司令部的官员更改了情报报告，将在伊拉克和叙利亚对抗伊斯兰国的战争情况描述得比实际情况更为乐观。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.	这份中期报告来自一个由众议院军事委员会、情报委员会和众议院拨款委员会国防分委会共和党主席组建的专项工作小组。报告称，中央司令部情报分析员存在“广泛的不满”，这些分析员表示上级正在篡改他们对于美国与伊斯兰国之战的评估。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.	位于佛罗里达州坦帕的中央司令部 (Centcom) 是负责监管美国在中东和中亚地区的军事行动的军事总部。
"Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U.S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community," a news release about the report said.	根据一份关于该报告的新闻，“经过中央司令部高级领导者审核的情报对于美国反恐行动的描述比实际情况更乐观，并且始终比其他情报机构的分析更乐观。”
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers," said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.	加利福尼亚州共和党代表表示：“中央司令部的行为难以令人接受。一边是我们的战士饱受战争之苦，另一边则是高层政策制定者收到错误的分析。”
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.	中央司令部的领导层问题已延伸到该机构的最高层。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.	该报告详细指出了2014年和2015年中央司令部在描述和分析美国培训伊拉克军队方面长期存在的问题。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.	虽然没有确定性的证据表明，奥巴马政府的高层官员下令更改这些报告，但根据报告的描述，这些分析员感到自己受到了来自中央司令部领导者的压力，迫使他们对伊斯兰国 （ISIS或ISIL) 的威胁发表更乐观的意见。
"Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events," the report said.	该报告称，“在2015年上半年，许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证言比实际情况要乐观得多。”
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.	比如，一名中央司令部的官员公开表示可能最早在2015年4月或5月采取一次大型军事行动夺回摩苏尔。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.	伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔目前仍在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
"After months of investigation, this much is very clear," Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.	堪萨斯州共和党代表迈克·蓬佩奥在一份声明中表示：“经过数月的调查，这一结果已十分明显。”
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.	自2014年中期到2015年中期，美国中央司令部的大部分高层情报官员操控了司令部的情报产品，隐瞒了伊拉克伊斯兰国的威胁。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.	共和党在从分析员那里得知有关伊斯兰国的情报被操控后，成立了一个专项工作小组。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.	随着调查的继续，继周四发布的这篇报告后将会有更多发现。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.	国防部总检察长也对中央司令部进行了长期调查。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.	众议院情报委员会的民主党成员于周四公布了其调查结果，与共和党专项工作小组的部分结论相一致。
"Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces," Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.	委员会民主党领袖代表谢安达在一份声明中表示：2014年至2015年期间，中央司令部针对伊斯兰国和伊拉克维和部队的情报评估制定了一项过于狭隘的流程。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, "stalled the release of intelligence products," hurt morale among analysts and "insufficiently accommodated dissenting views."	谢安达先生表示，该流程“妨碍了情报的发布”、降低了分析员的士气并且“无法接受不同的意见。”
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a "preset or political narrative."	但谢安达先生与民主党人还表示，他们未发现任何证据能够证明白宫试图给中央司令部的分析员施加压力，从而时他们的结论符合“预设或政治叙事。”
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.	《野兽日报》在周二报导了国会调查的初步结果。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.	去年八月，《纽约时报》报导了在收到中央司令部分析员的投诉后，五角大楼总检察长开始进行调查。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.	五角大楼发言人海军少校帕特里克·埃文斯在一份声明中表示，在总检察长的调查未结束前，国防部不对这份国会报告发表任何评论。
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics."	但他表示：“专家有时会对复杂数据的解读产生分歧，而情报机构和国防部鼓励就这些重要的国家安全主题进行健康的对话。”
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding (an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials).	此次调查的影响已超过了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否取得 （越来越多国防部官员所声称的) 成功这一问题。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.	但去年，这些主张使公众质疑奥巴马总统可以在多大程度上信任中央司令部所发布的伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区的军事行动评估。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts" objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.	有关伊斯兰国情报的批评令人想起出十多年前的争议，当时中央司令部情报分析员格雷戈里·胡克撰写了一篇研究文章，文中指出乔治·布什的政府不顾众多分析员的反对，坚持派遣小规模的部队前往伊拉克并且几乎没有考虑2003年入侵后的情况。
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.	胡克先生在此次关于伊斯兰国情报的反对活动中扮演了关键角色。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.	去年，有官员表示，胡克先生的团队所得出的结论是针对伊斯兰国炼油厂的空袭并未大幅削减恐怖组织的经济收入，因为该恐怖组织建造了临时炼油厂继续在黑市上出售石油，而这与所公布的声明大相径庭。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.	根据《时代周刊》9月的报道，中央司令部未对外公布这一发现。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.	当多名律师审阅了有关对于战争作出过度乐观评估的参议院证词后，中央司令部指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世去年饱受批评。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.	奥斯汀将军于4月退役，目前由约瑟夫·沃特尔接替他在中央司令部的职位。
U.S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain	美国在女子曲棍球赛中获得四连胜，将与英国一决胜负
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.	在6比1战胜日本的比赛中独中三元的凯蒂·巴姆于周四为美国女子曲棍球队率先梅开二度，帮助美国队以3比0战胜印度队。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.	两场比赛五粒进球堪称技惊四座，但27岁的巴姆却表示她不知道自己有如此出色的表现。
"I have no clue," she said.	她表示：“我对此一无所知。”
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals.	我不是那种会记住自己进过几个球的人。
Here is what she does know: The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.	她所知道的是美国队在奥运会上已取得四连胜并且将与小组中在周四以2比0战胜了日本队后未尝败绩的英国队争夺小组第一。
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.	英国和美国在周六第一轮最后一场比赛中狭路相逢。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.	两队均以晋级四分之一决赛，这场比赛将决定谁以小组第一的身份出现。
The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.	取得小组第一的球队将避免遇到强大的荷兰队，从而能够走得更远。荷兰队以另一小组第一的身份出线。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.	在周六的比赛中，美国队以惊人的表现创造了奇迹。要知道在四年前的伦敦奥运会上，美国队在12支队伍中垫底。
Bam was on that team.	巴姆也在当时的那支队伍中。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 (her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.	巴姆成长于宾夕法尼亚州布鲁贝尔，在3岁时第一次拿起曲棍球棍 （她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷克塞尔从事这项运动）并且在16岁时加入国家队，成为了迄今为止最年轻的国家队成员。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.	由于未能入选最终名单，她错过了2008年奥运会。
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.	2012年，她和她的队友都不被看好。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.	第二年，英国人克雷格·帕纳姆担任主教练，一切开始发生改变。
"A cultural change, a mental change, a physical change," Bam said.	巴姆表示：“这是一次文化、心态和实质上的改变。”
We didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.	我们当时在伦敦还未达到目前的水平。
We've made a complete turnaround.	我们来了一次彻彻底底的翻身。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.	周四晚上，巴姆在上半场以一记近距离反手射门先拔头筹。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.	印度的在本届比赛中还未尝胜果，但这支队伍表现出了惊人的顽强斗志并且将1比0的比分保持到第三节快结束时，这时巴姆爆发了。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.	她带球沿球场左侧长途奔袭，随后内切到中路，抽射入网，美国队2比0领先。
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.	梅利萨·冈萨雷斯在第四节中期射入最后一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.	美国对门将杰基·布里吉斯在本届比赛上首次零封对手，在前三场胜利中，对手各打入一球。
She is on a roll.	这次她是超常发挥。
So is Bam.	巴姆也是。
"We're in a good place right now," Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.	帕纳姆表示：“我们现在的状态很好”。但究竟有多好还要取决于周六比赛的结果。
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in "A Square Meal"	《丰盛大餐》中大萧条时期的寒酸食物
In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.	1933年3月，刚刚当选为总统的富兰克林· 德拉诺·罗斯福坐在总统办公室里享用午餐。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.	作为一名美食家，罗斯福总统喜欢第五大道的美食，比如鹅肝酱和马里兰炖水鱼。
His menu that day was more humble: deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.	那天，他的菜单十分简单：番茄酱魔鬼蛋、土豆泥和作为点心的果脯布丁。
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering," Jane Ziegelman said.	珍·齐格曼表示：“这是为了在食物上与正在受苦的人们同甘共苦。”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."	她的丈夫安德鲁·科补充道：“这也体现了美国人的饮食方式。”
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.	这对居住在布鲁克林高地的夫妻均为食品历史学家。
Mr. Coe's last book, "Chop Suey," was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book "97 Orchard."	科先生的上一本书《炒杂烩菜》是关于美国的中餐，而齐格曼女士在她的《97果园》一书中通过食物讲述了贫民区租客们的生活故事。
Their new, collaborative work, "A Square Meal," which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.	他们共同编写的新书《丰盛大餐》中将在周二由哈珀出版社出版，这本书介绍的是大萧条时期美国的食品历史。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.	在展示了一些食物方面的共同见解后，他们在艾森博格的三明治店中遇到了一名记者。这个位于熨斗区的简单午餐柜台自1929年经济奔溃时起一直营业到现在。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.	54岁的齐格曼女士点了一份奶油芝士配碎橄榄三明治，而57岁的科先生点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜拼盘。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.	记者点了一份烘肉卷，这对夫妻认为这些菜适合讨论大萧条时期的饮食。
"Loaves were very popular," Ms. Ziegelman said.	齐格曼女士说：“当时面包非常流行。”
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.	当时有花生面包、肝脏面包、大豆面包。
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.	它们都用一种原料和一种能够浇在原料上的便宜浇头制成。
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.	想象一下，你的晚餐都是花生。
Mr. Coe grimaced.	科先生扮了个怪相。
"It must have sat in your stomach like lead," he said.	他说道：“它们在你的胃里肯定就像铅一样。”
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.	在大萧条发生前的几年，美国人顿顿都是自助餐，尤其是在郊区。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.	一群女人为男农场工人们烧饭，早餐、午餐和晚餐都有刚考出来的馅饼。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. "A Square Meal" chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.	一战中，正是美国人将食物送给了饥饿的欧洲人。《丰盛大餐》记录了这个国家是如何突然不再成为一个富足之地。
"This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people," Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.	科先生解释了为何他和他的妻子要写这本书：“当时，食物已成为令美国人感到不快的主要话题。”
Equally fraught was the new budget diet: Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a "wonderful way to repurpose leftovers," Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.	另一个不愉快的话题是寒酸的新食物：面包和炖菜等“迷之食物”成为了主菜，炖菜是“最佳的剩菜烹饪方式”，齐格曼女士说道，这是因为厨师们可以使用酱料中的奶油掩盖难吃的食材。
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.	新鲜的水果被便宜的干果所代替。
Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.	多年来一直在美国人餐桌上担任主角的肉已变成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.	奇怪的大杂烩只考虑卡路里，比起味道、甚至是基本的烹饪常识，人们最先考虑的是营养。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.	在研究本书，包括各种食谱的过程中，齐格曼女士制作了一份塞满花生油的烤洋葱。
"It was not a popular addition to the dinner table," Mr. Coe said.	科先生说道：“这在晚餐的餐桌上并不常见。”
Ms. Ziegelman amplified: "It was surreal."	齐格曼女士表示：“这也太奇怪了”。
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion.	花生油与烤洋葱根本无法搭配。
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.	这是许多家庭经济餐的特点。
As never before or since, home economists - among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - drove the country's eating habits.	家庭经济学家们影响着这个国家的饮食习惯，比如1923年至1943年担任联邦家庭经济局主厨的路易斯·斯坦利等人，这在历史上是绝无仅有的。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budgeteers" and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.	他们在报纸和杂志中发布食谱和文章，鼓励女性“精打细算”并勇于将奶油意大利面配胡萝卜等糟糕的食物变成美食。
"A Square Meal" is a feast of historical tidbits.	《丰盛大餐》是一顿丰盛的“历史珍味”。
Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.	尤其值得玩味的是政府对于饥饿民众们的回应，比如总统市民赫伯特·胡佛“别人的事我可管不了”的态度。
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.	虽然他公开赞扬了童年时简单的爱荷华州农舍，但他的饮食却像百万富翁一般精致。
"He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce," Mr. Coe said.	科先生表示：“他喜欢吃欧式西餐，比如鱼伴黄瓜酱”。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.	他穿着一件晚礼服，在一间镀金的餐厅中就餐。
He was fabulously out of touch.	他显然脱离了人民。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.	如果不是妻子埃莉诺鼓励他在饮食上树立榜样，罗斯福总统可能也会犯相同的错误。
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that "put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared."	正如本书所言，罗斯福女士所聘用的管家对于味道毫无兴趣，因此白宫里的“食物不仅是华盛顿最难吃的食物，更是烹饪最差的食物。”
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.	当美国一回到正规，许多大萧条时期的烹饪方式就被摒弃。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.	齐格曼女士表示，所留下的是我们对卡路里和营养的关注以及将科学应用到烹饪中。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother - how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.	这对夫妻表示在写这本书时，他们进一步了解了齐格曼女士母亲的饮食习惯，比如她如何不把食物丢弃。
"She had a real fear of food waste," Mr. Coe said.	科先生说道：“她非常害怕浪费食物。”
Ms. Ziegelman recalled: "She actually got people sick."	齐格曼女士回忆道：“她实际上让许多人生了病。”
There was the cream-puff incident.	比如曾经发生过一起“奶油泡芙”事件。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home: the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.	在撤掉盘子后，她与科先生拿出了他们在家准备的一份甜品：这就是罗斯福总统在午餐中所吃的果脯布丁。
"It's called prune whip," Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.	齐格曼女士说道：“这叫作奶油果脯，“并且补充道为一道普通的菜起一个新潮的名字是“惯用的伎俩”。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.	这道甜品中没有生奶油，只有果脯、一点面粉、糖、水和肉桂。
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.	大家都勉为其难地将调羹深入粘稠的棕色糊状物中。
Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.	意外的是，这道甜品的味道还不错。
Mr. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.	科先生又吃了第二匙、第三匙。
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, "Some chopped walnuts would help."	他觉得这是一道可以接受的实惠甜点，便告诉妻子：“加点碎核桃会更好吃。”
Unfortunately, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.	可惜，OPEC最新月报显示出7月原油产量继续增加，沙特产量更创下新高。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.	这份报告不禁令市场对OPEC的信誉产生怀疑，油价复苏的道路恐怕仍然布满荆棘。
On Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.	本周一，OPEC轮值主席兼卡塔尔能源大臣萨达表示，OPEC将在9月26-28日的国际能源论坛期间举行非正式会议。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46,000 barrels/day to 33.11 million barrels/day.	OPEC周三公布的月报显示，包括加蓬在内的整个OPEC组织7月产量上升4.6万桶/日，至3311万桶/日。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.	OPEC还在月报中表示，原油价格低廉已促使全球炼油商生产更多精炼油品，从而加重了市场供应过剩的程度。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.	受此消息影响，再加上美国上调原油产量预期和原油库存意外增加，国际油价连续两日收跌。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2.48% in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2.07%.	截至周三收盘，纽约商品交易所9月交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌2.48%，10月交货的伦敦布伦特原油期货价格下跌2.07%。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.	路透社认为，提议召开的产油国会议不太可能令供应明显收紧，美国能源信息署公布的数据也打压市场人气。
Iran's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3.85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.	伊朗官方通讯社Fars周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的发言称，伊朗的日原油产量最高为385万桶，这是2008年以来的最高水平。
At the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.	召开会议的消息刚出，俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克就表示，当前油价下没有进行新一轮冻产谈判的必要。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.	上次产油国召开会议已经是4月份的事情，OPEC成员国未能就任何措施达成协议。
Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.	BMIResearch石油与天然气分析师理查兹（Emma Richards）表示，市场和媒体可能对OPEC将召开的会议反应过度。
Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.	加拿大皇家银行大宗商品策略主管克罗夫特（Helima Croft）表示，OPEC通过释放他们将促成协议的信号来改变市场的情绪。
This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention (deliberately giving a false impression).	这个手段就像是引开人视线的烟雾与镜子（故意给人错误印象）。
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was low.	德国商业银行大宗商品研究主管温伯格（Eugen Weinberg）称，人们认为OPEC试图通过9月会议稳定市场的可能性很低。
This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a "wolf is coming".	这很可能进一步破坏市场对OPEC的信心，毕竟这个组织上演过一次“狼来了”。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.	各地要将违规发布医疗广告、投诉举报集中、既往被多次处罚的医疗机构作为抽查重点。
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.	国家卫生计生委、国家中医药管理局将适时组织对部分省份专项监督检查工作开展情况进行督查。
According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.	据媒体披露，由于此前资本大规模涌入互联网医药，造成目前产品同质化的问题严重，投资热潮渐退，资本进入观望期。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20% of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.	另据香港艾力彼医院管理研究中心数据显示，创业一年内的互联网医疗公司大量死亡，约20%的初创互联网医疗企业已不复存在。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.	然而，就在大部分互联网医疗企业挣扎在A轮或B轮的融资路上的时候，有几家细分领域领先企业仍能获得资本热捧。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not "swarm", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.	看来，互联网医疗创业断不可“一窝蜂”，而是要看准市场需求，沉得下心做专，做深。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40% of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60% of the registered capital.	鱼跃出资1200.00万元，占注册资本的40%，九州通器械公司出资1800.00万元，占注册资本的60%。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.	近年来，随着国家在医疗信息化方面的政策支持，电子化、集成化的供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.	此次鱼跃与九州通的合作正是瞄准了市场的需求，帮助医院搭建先进供应链管理系统，并以此为契机谋求更多合作。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.	与很多互联网医疗公司贪大求全不同，iBaby从最初就专注于互联网产科垂直领域，深耕孕妈和医生两端。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.	孕妈不仅可以免费24小时和一对一的主管医生问诊，还可以付费定向寻医问诊。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.	而在医生端，iBaby通过采取组织专家给基层医生开展在线讲座、同行交流、病例讨论等微讲座的形式，打破地域限制。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.	目前医生端开设三个板块，分别为医生继续教育、医生社交和医生求助。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.	提供包括在线学习、病例讨论、学术交流；同医院、同科室医生之间社交平台；医患关系或个人生活所需要的法律援助、创业支持等服务内容。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health "is willing to get down" to win big health data.	据媒体报道，CEO王磊近日表示阿里健康“愿意沉下心来”拿下健康大数据。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.	互联网公司、数据公司缺少专业性，在同一词条上的书写方法上都达不到统一。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.	阿里目前在医疗健康领域的布局分为三块，分别是阿里健康、天猫医药馆和支付宝未来医院。
Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, "This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.	王磊坦言，医疗健康创业会比其他行业要难，“这不仅仅是有多少钱的事情，还要沉得下心，耐得住寂寞慢慢去做。”
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily	连续熬夜看奥运赛事容易损伤心脏
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.	巴西奥运会赛事正如火如荼地进行，即便赛事播出时在国内是半夜时分，很多市民也会熬夜观看。
In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.	对此，医生特别提醒，熬夜看赛事存在健康隐患，有可能引发心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.	如果长时间熬夜，该激素仍会大量分泌，人体会持续处于紧张兴奋的状态，无法得到正常的恢复，容易引起血管收缩、血压升高，从而引起心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.	韩志远特别提醒，有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家族病史等心血管危险因素的群体，如果熬夜，会更容易引发心血管疾病。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.	如果长期熬夜，不仅心血管功能受影响，而且胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统都会受影响，甚至罹患肿瘤的风险也会增大。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.	对于老年朋友，韩志远建议，尽量不要为了看奥运比赛而熬夜，特别是有心血管疾病史的群体。
During the last "World Cup" football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.	在上届“世界杯”足球赛期间，韩志远曾接诊过一名60多岁的患者，其心肌梗塞的引发或与熬夜看比赛有关。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.	韩志远介绍，今年以来，其科室已接诊了一些25岁左右的心肌梗塞或者脑中风患者，这很大程度上是患者长期熬夜的生活方式造成的。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.	1.不要每天都熬夜，偶尔熬夜观看最喜欢的体育项目，其他项目不妨等第二天看赛事重播。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.	2.熬夜时适时补充水分，多吃水果，可预防血管堵塞、增强机体免疫力。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.	北京时间8月12日消息，2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪三种姿势决赛战罢，中国老将杜丽获得铜牌。
Du Li became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.	杜丽成为奥运四朝元老，4次奥运共拿下2金1银1铜四块奖牌。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.	1998年，进入山东省射击队，跟随王德文教练进行专业的射击训练。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504.9 rings.	2003年6月，参加射击世界杯克罗地亚站女子10米气步枪金牌并以504.9环打破世界纪录。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.	2004年8月，获得女子10米气步枪金牌，为中国代表队在雅典奥运会夺得首金。
In August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690.3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.	2008年8月，在50米运动步枪三姿的比赛中以总成绩690.3环破奥运会纪录夺得金牌。
In August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum (ISSF).	2012年8月，折戟伦敦奥运会后，杜丽向国际射联申报了暂时退役申请。
In January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.	2015年1月，杜丽宣布重回国家队开始训练，备战里约奥运。
In March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.	2016年3月，里约奥运选拔赛结束，时隔8年再次获得女子10米气步枪奥运会参赛资格。
On August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.	2016年8月6日，在里约奥运会女子十米气步枪赛事中，杜丽以207环的成绩获得银牌。
On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.	2016年8月12日，在里约奥运会女子50米步枪三种姿势比赛中，获得铜牌。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.	该片预计于明年初在中央电视台和乐视首播，还将首次推出VR全景纪实版。
The documentary "Polar" is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.	纪录片《极地》是一部聚焦地球第三极青藏高原的大型作品，以全新视角讲述藏地传统与现代交融以及西藏与世界互动的故事。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching "immersion" and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.	VR作品的最大优势是令观众具有独一无二的观影“沉浸”感，而这也对拍摄过程提出了更高要求。
The production team of "Polar" Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.	《极地》全景VR特别版的摄制团队表示，他们要确保每一个方位的画面都无可挑剔，让观众有身临其境之感。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.	8月11日，武警山东总队烟台支队组织特战狙击手冒着34摄氏度的高温来到昆嵛山开展丛林训练。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.	冷战期间，苏联把导弹运进古巴，差点导致美苏发生核战争。
This event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the "Cuban missile crisis."	这一事件被看做冷战的顶峰，史称“古巴导弹危机”。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.	但鲜为人知的是，同样是冷战期间，一场强烈的太阳风暴也曾险些导致美国对苏联发动核战争，这一事件直到8月9日才首次由研究人员对外公布。
On May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.	1967年5月23日，一场强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方位于北极的雷达与无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.	这些雷达是美国弹道导弹预警系统的一部分，用于监测苏联的导弹。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.	这篇由美国科罗拉多大学研究人员完成的论文采访了当时参与预报与分析太阳活动的美军方人员，并查阅了非保密文献。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.	论文写道，上世纪60年代，为防止苏联突然发动核战争，美国空军始终有一部分载有核弹头的战机飞在天上。
US military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.	美军军方指挥官不知道这次干扰的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而非苏联，于是下令使战机进入战斗准备状态。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.	幸运的是，美国军方从上世纪50年代末就开始的太阳活动及其对地球电磁干扰的研究，最终阻止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.	稍后，他汇总美国空军航空气象处提供的信息，提交了一份详细报告。
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.	这场太阳风暴的直接后果是，美国军方从此把空间天气视为一项作战关切，并建立了一个更强大的空间天气预报系统。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use "WeChat vehicle moving" function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.	市民在日常出行中，发现爱车被陌生车辆阻碍了，在联系不上陌生车辆司机的情况下，可以使用“微信挪车”功能解决这一困扰。
From August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number "Xi'an traffic police" launched "WeChat vehicle moving" service.	8月11日起，西安交警微信服务号“西安交警”推出“微信挪车”服务。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via "WeChat" function.	这项服务推出后，日常生活中，市民如遇陌生车辆在驾驶人不在现场的情况下阻碍自己车辆行驶时，就可通过使用“微信挪车”功能解决此类问题。
The new service has many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.	这个新服务功能一是快捷，节省行政成本；二是尊重、保护公民个人隐私；三是全天候、全时段服务。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.	只要市民有微信，就可以非常便捷地自行操作，这种方式相对能使移车双方都能比较友好轻松地“相遇”，缓解停车难问题，并可减少涉车的治安案件发生。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle the actual situation based on the actual situation.	另一方面，对于拒不移车、违法停放或妨害通行的车主，西安交管部门表示，交警届时将会根据实际情况采取不同的处置措施，视情况给予处理。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the "introduce electricity activity in the ancient town" and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.	8月9日，在丹凤县棣花古镇文化旅游景区，商洛供电公司10余名青年职工来到这里开展“相约古镇情满电力”暨我们的节日·七夕主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the "introduce electricity activity in the ancient town" and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.	商洛供电公司丹凤县公司结合精神文明建设工作，积极组织开展“相约古镇情满电力”暨我们的节日·七夕主题活动。
Staff who participated in the activities said, "We spent most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends."	参加活动的公司职工表示：“自己平时主要精力都用在工作和学习上，缺少时间和平台去和同事、朋友交流。”
"This time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting."	“这次公司为我们提供了这样一个轻松、快乐、和谐的平台，我非常喜欢，有意义又不失趣味。”
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.	七夕活动受到了现场青年职工们的广泛好评，纷纷希望该公司以后多举办这样的活动，与更多其他的青年加强沟通与交流。
Nadal, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.	备受关注的北京奥运会男单冠军、西班牙巨星纳达尔当日在男单比赛中直落两盘战胜对手晋级八强，男双比赛也晋级决赛。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.	作为金满贯得主的纳达尔，对奥运会情有独钟，伤未痊愈的他，此次三线出击，斩获颇丰。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.	他和队友洛佩兹将在男双决赛中与罗马尼亚选手特卡乌和梅格亚争夺金牌。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.	里约奥运会女单项目遭遇到多名种子选手退赛，经过几天激烈的争夺，女单四强１１日全部产生。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.	科维托娃将与普伊格争夺一张决赛的入场券，而另外一个决赛席位将在凯斯和科贝尔之间产生。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the semi-finals: Hingis/Basinsky vs. Hradeca/Heravacova; Makarova/Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova/Safarova.	女双比赛的四强也全部产生，半决赛的对阵分别是：辛吉斯／巴辛斯基对赫拉德卡／赫拉瓦科娃；马卡洛娃／维斯尼娜对斯特里科娃／萨法洛娃。
The final eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu/Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.	这一天进行的混双比赛也决出了八强，不过头号种子马胡／加西亚组合的落马，以及纳豆组合的退赛，令混双比赛略有些失色。
On April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of "US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines" in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.	2015年4月27日，美国和日本在纽约联合发表新版《美日防卫合作指针》，允许日本武装力量在全球扮演更具进攻性的角色。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.	这是当日美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田文雄和日本防卫大臣中谷元在纽约出席新闻发布会。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.	这是中国民间智库第五次发表日本军力评估报告，也是第四次推出英文版。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.	报告分9章，包括总体政策调整、军事实力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、体制编制改革、军事训演、对外军事安全合作、对华军事安全关系等内容。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.	报告称，2015年是安倍政府在安全领域连续数年推进重大政策调整的阶段性收官之年。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.	此后，日本在安全领域的举措将主要是在法制运用、战略贯彻、政策落实等操作层面，而不是框架、机制和政策的大幅调整和变动。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's "normal nationalization", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.	报告强调，安倍内阁试图通过以上三点突破，达到推动日本“正常国家化”、自卫队走出去介入国际安全事务、强化日美同盟、防华制华的多重目的。
Previously, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.	此前，中国战略文化促进会先后于2012年6月5日、2013年7月19日、2014年7月23日、2015年6月30日发布过日本军力评估报告。
British "Financial Times" on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.	英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了一组美国驻华大使官邸的图集。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.	文章称，与之形成对比的是，美国大使官邸从外观来看，完全可以在下一部改编自约翰勒卡雷冷战间谍小说的电影中作为安全屋。
The residence is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.	官邸是灰色的，并用外围防护栏、第二层内墙、带刺铁丝网以及车辆路障层层严密防守。
Improvement of public sports facilities	补齐公共体育设施短板
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a "green grass" football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.	黑乎乎的煤场仓库，变成“绿草如茵”的足球场；红砖尖顶的厂房，变成现代化的运动馆。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.	在全民健身日，杭州望江门外的南落马营体育文化公园，揭开了神秘的面纱。
It was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.	这里曾是煤场，十多年前关闭后一直闲置，留下了大量的违法建筑和生活垃圾。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.	这里经过整治后，成了体育文化公园，并将于11月正式对外开放，向市民免费提供运动场所，也无疑为全民体育开辟了全新的沃土。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a "Whampoa Military Academy" in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.	这不禁让人想起杭州陈经纶体校，这座中国泳坛的“黄埔军校”游出了多名世界冠军。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.	泳坛名将源源不断地产生，生动地诠释了竞技体育与全民体育之间的关系——丰厚的群众基础为选拔专业选手提供了良好的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.	竞技体育的水平与全民体育的基础密切相关，竞技体育在一定意义上取决于全民体育，而全民体育又取决于场地条件。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.	据报道，截至2015年，我国的人均体育场地面积虽然已是新中国成立时的150倍，但仍远远落后于体育强国。
In June this year, the State Council issued a "National Fitness Program (2016 - 2020)" and took the development of mass sports as a key content.	今年6月，国务院印发了《全民健身计划（2016-2020年）》，将发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.	为了补齐这块短板，一方面，相关部门在进行城市规划时要充分考虑到体育场馆的布局。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.	另一方面，已建成的公共体育场馆，包括学校等单位里的体育场馆，应尽量扩大开放范围，尽可能地提高使用效率。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.	目前正如火如荼进行着的里约奥运会，激发着人们的运动热情，也唤醒了大家的参与意识。
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck	吉利德在与默克的丙型肝炎专利之争中获得律师费
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U.S. district judge has ruled.	根据美国地区法官的判决，吉列德科学公司有权获得在与制药公司美国默克集团的丙型肝炎专利诉讼中所产生的律师费。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U.S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.	六月，在美国法官发现默克公司存在违法行为，包括作伪证和其他不道德行为之后，吉列德免于支付因吉利德的畅销药品索非布韦和哈沃尼侵犯默克公司的两项专利而产生的2亿美元赔偿款。
In a filing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.	在周四的诉讼中，美国地区法官贝斯·兰博松·弗里曼表示，吉利德无需承担因辩护所产生的费用。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.	默克公司正在试图追赶统治新一代丙型肝炎药物市场的吉列德。吉列德的药物可以治愈90%以上的肝炎患者。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.	该案最早要追溯到2013年，当时吉利德和默克互相起诉对方，双方都声称自己是吉利德药物中的有效成分 —— 索非布韦的实验室工作的所有者。
U.S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State	美国支持的部队宣布他们已从伊斯兰国手中夺回曼比季
U.S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.	部队发言人于周五表示，城内残留的伊斯兰国士兵已全部离开，美国支持的部队已完全控制土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比季。
Syria Democratic Forces (SDF) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.	在躲进城内的激进分子离开后，叙利亚民主力量 (SDF) 现在正在对全城进行扫荡。
They had freed over 2,000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.	叙利亚民主力量同盟曼比季军事委员会的莎兰·达尔维什告诉路透社，他们已解救了2,000多名被激进分子劫持的平民。
"The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations," he told Reuters.	他告诉路透社：“曼比季现在全在我们的控制之下，但我们仍在进行扫荡。”
Clintons earned $10.75 million in 2015, paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate	克林顿夫妇2015年收入为1075万美元，缴纳了34.2%的联邦税
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $10.75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.	希拉里·克林顿于周五公布了其2105年的纳税申报单，申报单显示这位民主党总统候选人和她的丈夫2015年的收入为1075万美元，并且缴纳了34.2%的联邦税。
In 2015, the Clintons made $1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $5.3 million in speaking fees; and the former secretary of state reported income of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.	2015年，克林顿夫妇的慈善捐款金额为100万美元，其中大部分捐助给了克林顿基金会；前总统比尔·克林顿的演讲费达到近530万美元，而前国务卿凭借一本关于她在国务院任职期间的书从出版商西蒙与舒斯特那里获得了300万美元的收入。
Clinton's running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.	克林顿的竞选伙伴——弗吉尼亚州联邦国参议员蒂姆·凯恩和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿公布了10年的纳税申报单。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20.3 percent in 2015.	两人2015年缴纳了20.3%的联邦税。
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.	克林顿的竞选助手詹妮弗·帕尔米耶里在一份声明中表示：希拉里·克林顿和蒂姆·凯恩将继续成为财务透明的标杆。”
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.	与之形成鲜明对比的是，唐纳德·特朗普以虚假的理由进行掩盖并且收回了他之前所作出的公布纳税申报单的承诺。
It is customary for U.S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.	虽然法律没有要求，但按照惯例，美国总统候选人应公开他们的纳税申报单。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.	作为一名纽约商人，特朗普以及他的律师将美国国税局的审计作为拒绝公布纳税申报单的理由。
"Your move," Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.	克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在推特上表示由你们做主，并且附上了民主党候选人的纳税申报单链接。
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.	周四，特朗普的特别法律顾问迈克尔·科恩向CNN表示，在审计完成前他不会允许特朗普公布纳税申报单。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.	批评特朗普的人，包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼和其他共和党人表示特朗普拒绝公布纳税申报单会引发对其资本净值、慈善捐款、商业交易和各种其他关系的质疑，包括与俄罗斯的关系。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.	克林顿抓住这一问题猛烈抨击，于周五发布了一段网络视频，突出高调的民主党人敦促特朗普公布其纳税情况。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.	周四，她在密歇根州的经济政策演讲中提出了这个问题。
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns," she told the crowd.	她对众人说：“几十年来，他拒绝像其他总统候选人那样公布自己的纳税申报单。”
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.	根据《政客新闻网》的报道，特朗普在上世纪九十年代有两年几乎没有缴纳过一分钱的税，《纽约时报》商业专栏作家于周五引用了多位税务律师和会计的话，他们均表示目前的情况可能依然如此。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.	联邦税已成为总统竞选中的一大问题。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.	克林顿用身价亿万的投资家沃伦·巴菲特的名字命名了一条规定，保证年收入超过100万美元的人至少缴纳30%的税。
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.	奥巴马总统也支持这项提议。
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.	上周，克林顿在伯克希尔·哈撒韦公司所在的内布拉斯加州奥马哈举行了一次集会，巴菲特在会上要求特朗普见面并交换纳税申报单。
Buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is "afraid" not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.	巴菲特表示，他也正在接受IRS的审计，特朗普“害怕的”不是税务机关，而是选民。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.	克林顿竞选小组所公布的最早的纳税申报单为2007年。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.	目前居住在纽约查巴克的克林顿夫妇在2007年至2014年期间所缴纳的平均联邦税率达到约32%，综合税率约40.5%。
The Clintons' 2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $100 of their income came from wages.	克林顿夫妇2015年的纳税申报单显示，与大部分美国人不同，他们的工资收入只有100美元。
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $109,000.	他们的主要投资是低成本的指数共同基金，并且克林顿夫妇的分红和利息收入为 109,000美元。
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh; Editing by Jonathan Oatis	凯文·卓鲍报道；乔纳森·奥迪斯编辑
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab "request" - RT News	犹太电影制片人批评柏林酒店按照阿拉伯客户的“要求”删除以色列电话代码 —— 路透社新闻
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing "requests" from Arabic customers.	一位有着犹太血统的法国电影制片人向媒体透露，位于柏林的凯宾斯基酒店没有列出以色列的电话代码，并且酒店员工表示这是按照阿拉伯客户的“要求”，这引发了舆论一片哗然。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary "Shoah," vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.	犹太人大屠杀纪录片《浩劫》的作者克劳德·朗兹曼表达了他对凯宾斯基酒店的失望，并且在德国《法兰克福汇报》上发表了一封公开信。
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.	在最近入住期间，朗兹曼想在酒店提供的电话代码列表上找到以色列。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.	但以色列没有在客人可以直接从房间通话的国家之列。
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated?	以色列居然在2016年德国的首都柏林消失了？
Lanzmann wrote.	朗兹曼写道。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.	取而代之的是，客人可以通过凯宾斯基酒店的呼叫中心拨打以色列电话。
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.	为了寻求解释，这位电影制片人询问了酒店的前台。
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote "shocked him."	朗兹曼在信中表示，他在前台得到的回答“令他感到震惊”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was "a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels."	酒店人员表示，这是“凯宾斯基酒店管理层刻意作出的决定”。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.	而这么做的理由更是让这位电影制片人感到愤怒。
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted," the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.	朗兹曼引用了这名员工的原话：我们的大部分客人都是阿拉伯人，他们要求删除以色列的代码。”
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a "great shame," Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.	根据《南德日报》的报道，以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯·汉德尔斯曼将这件事称为“奇耻大辱”。
We were appalled and shocked by the incident.	得知这一事件，我们感到大吃一惊。
It is in itself a great shame.	这件事本身就是一个巨大的耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.	而发生在德国和那家连锁酒店更是丢人现眼。
That needs no explanation.	这件事无需任何解释。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions," the official said.	“我们希望该酒店能够得出正确的结论，”该官员表示。
The incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.	这一事件在网上引发了热议，大家都认为这是一桩丑闻。
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply "caved in" to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.	有人认为凯宾斯基酒店简直是为了满足阿拉伯客户的要求而“卑躬屈膝”。
"Shame on you," another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.	另一个帖子直指酒店“真不要脸”，并且指出这家位于著名的库达姆大街的大街就在一座犹太教会堂附近。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an "oversight" and "apologizing" to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.	据《明镜周刊》的报道，酒店很快对所有指控予以澄清，声称一切都是“疏忽”并且向朗兹曼表示“歉意”。
"There was never a direct order" not to include Israel in the fast dial list," Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.	《南德日报》引用了凯宾斯基代表的话：“从来没有下达过将以色列从快速拨号列表中删除的直接命令”。
It adds that the code was now added.	该报还表示以色列代码已加入到列表中。
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students	警方使用催泪瓦斯和橡胶子弹驱逐抗议的巴西学生
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.	周四，在巴西圣保罗，学生在抗议政府公共教育体系改革的过程中与警方发生了冲突。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.	警方使用催泪瓦斯和橡胶子弹驱逐抗议者。
The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.	此次事件的起因是执法部门官员试图驱散学生，因此警方使用了橡胶子弹和催泪瓦斯。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.	几百名学生参加了此次游行，表达了他们对这些方案的不满。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be relocated in order to save money.	为了节省资金，圣保罗州州长奥克明计划关闭100所公立学校，30万名学生将转校。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.	一些参加抗议的学生通过墙上的涂鸦表达了对临时总统米歇尔·特梅尔的不满。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.	就在最近的一次抗议发生前几天，抗议者集体走上街头，支持被国家参议院弹劾的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫。
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold	苏格兰自行车手卡尔姆·斯金纳夺得自行车金牌后载誉而归
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.	苏格兰自行车手卡尔姆·斯金纳昨晚在里约自行车赛场男子团体竞速赛帮助英国三人组继2012年伦敦奥运会之后成功卫冕奥运会金牌。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.	这位23岁的格拉斯哥自行车手代替了他的苏格兰同胞——克里斯·霍伊爵士，成为了队伍的中坚。当年轻的斯金纳击败夺冠热门新西兰队并载誉而归时，就连这位传奇自行车手也为他感到骄傲。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.	四年前，英国队一鸣惊人，而霍伊夺得了个人六块奥运会金牌中的第五块。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.	英国队在三月伦敦的世界单车场地锦标赛上仅名列第六，霍伊自此退役。然后，英国队再创辉煌。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.	在北京奥运会到伦敦奥运会期间，英国队的问题在于换掉了“第一圈专家”杰米·斯塔夫。
They did so just in time as Hindes emerged.	车队正是在辛德斯出现时才这么做的。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.	霍伊的退役也留下了一个空白，而奇恩·伊玛迪和马特·克兰普顿都想来填补这个空白。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.	在看到斯金纳的潜力后，英国男队教练组坚持让他入选国家队，而斯金纳最终也不负众望。
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.	斯金纳的搭档是四年前与霍伊一同夺得金牌的辛德斯和肯尼。三人在资格赛中刷新了奥运会纪录，但这一成绩在第一轮被新西兰队所超越。
And the British trio won the duel for gold.	而这三位英国自行车赛最终击败对手，夺得金牌。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.	虽然辛德斯稍有落后，但肯尼为团队取得领先，斯金纳将这一领先优势保持到了最后。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.	战略的改变是这一逆转的关键，辛德斯选择了较大的飞轮，因此速度较慢，而这让肯尼，尤其是斯金纳能够保持速度。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.	霍伊以BBC评论员的身份观看了比赛。斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯在登上领奖台时看到了他。
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said: "It's a flattering comparison."	23岁的格拉斯哥自行车手斯金纳表示：“这让我受宠若惊。”
I'm just out there to do my best and make a name for myself.	我只是尽我所能，让自己扬名立万而已。
We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.	我们在决赛中创造了奥运会纪录并且击败了世界冠军。
It was just incredible.	这太令人难以置信了。
There's no better way to win it.	没有什么比这场胜利更棒了。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.	在2012年伦敦奥运会上与肯尼和霍伊夺得金牌后，辛德斯承认在起步不佳的情况下故意摔落在赛道上。
He later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.	后来，他撤回了这番评论，而英国队的对手们也无法上诉。
There was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.	而这次的胜利没有任何此类问题。
Hindes said: "It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand."	辛德斯表示：“这就像在伦敦，站台上都是英国的国旗。”
We all as a team came together in the last three months.	我们在三个月前才刚刚组队。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.	我们已经丢掉了很多世界冠军，所以能够卫冕奥运冠军太令人感到惊讶了。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.	这对于在北京奥运会和伦敦奥运会上夺得10块场地自行车赛金牌中的7块的英国队而言只是一场比赛、一块金牌而已。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.	如果这象征着过去五个月我们所取得进步，那么我们将在未来五天继续在自行车馆取得成功。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.	根据肯尼所展现的状态，他并非没有可能再现霍伊在一届奥运会上夺得三块金牌的壮举。
That would see Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March (that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.	如果是这样的话，比霍伊年轻12岁并且同样在3月23日 （这一天似乎是英国体育界的神圣日子，史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特也是在这一天出生的) 出生的肯尼将拥有6块金牌和1块银牌。
That would be the same as Hoy's.	这一成绩与霍伊持平。
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.	肯尼接下来将出战于今天开始、为期三天的竞速赛。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying this one for now.	这位28岁的博尔顿人表示：“我暂时会专注于这项比赛。
The team event is always the best.	团队赛始终是最棒的。
You get to win it with your mates.	你可以与队友一起赢得比赛。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.	坦率地讲，一个人获胜有点孤独。
Hindes said: "If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood."	辛德斯表示：“如果他能夺得另两块金牌，那么他应该会被授予爵士封号。”
It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.	这是当天唯一一场产生奖牌的比赛，但英国队收到了其他好消息。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.	布拉德利·威金斯爵士、艾德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·杜尔以最快成绩晋级四人四公里团体追逐赛。
They finished in 3:51.943.	他们的成绩是351.943。
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3:51.659.	而2012年伦敦奥运会金牌获得者的世界纪录是351.659。
The first round and final (10.42pm) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.	第一轮和决赛 （晚上10点42分） 于今天第二比赛日举行，威金斯无疑将成为万众瞩目的焦点。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.	昨天他在资格赛前与比赛官员发生了争执，当时比赛官员让他测量身高。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4:13.260.	在将于明天结束的女子组比赛中，劳拉·特洛特、乔安娜·罗瑟尔·尚德、埃莉诺·巴克和来自米尔盖的凯特·阿奇博尔德以新的世界纪录413.260晋级。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.	英国队依靠强大的其场地自行车队在奥运会中期占据主动并且囊获多枚奖牌。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.	在北京和伦敦奥运会上展现其绝对统治地位后，英国自行车队在前往里约的过程中让大家略感失望。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.	期间发生了许多波折，包括四月技术总监肖恩·萨顿因性别歧视和欺凌指控而辞职以及霍伊、维多利亚·彭德尔顿等传奇人物的退役。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.	但自行车馆的首个比赛夜足以证明英国队将再度上演关键时刻达到巅峰状态的传奇。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.	在小生命来到这个世上之后，爸爸妈妈们就要对这个生命负责，这个负责不仅仅在于孩子的身体健康上，还在于精神的发展上，也就是教育。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.	如果在子女的教育上失败，那么即使事业再成功，也无法弥补生活的缺憾、家庭的失败。
When a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.	当一个新生命降临的时候，新爸新妈们就需要花费时间精力来照看和教育孩子，对他负责。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.	而负责任，除了体现在身体的护养，让他们健康，还在于精神的教育，也就是让孩子学习如何做人，如何成人，如何成功。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.	良好的家庭教育意味着父母需要经常的陪伴孩子，给孩子关爱，耐心的照顾，另外还需要教孩子养成文明的言行举止，让孩子更好的学习知识，提升智力。
Parents' words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, "like father, like son". Your son will be the same as you.	父母的一言一行都会影响到孩子的成长，他们会模仿自己的父母，也就是人们常说的龙生龙，凤生凤，老鼠的儿子会打洞，父母什么样孩子就什么样。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.	所以父母在孩子面前需要做个好榜样，规范自己的言行，培养自己优秀品格，这些都可以间接的帮助孩子塑造良好的心性，让他更加优秀。
Amy is a smart and pretty girl.	艾米是一个聪明漂亮的女孩。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.	她性格外向活泼，能与朋友们很好地相处，对环境的适应能力也不错。
But Amy has a little secret in her heart: she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.	但艾米心里有一个小小的秘密：她不能长久将注意力集中在她要做的学习、工作任务上。
This secret is accompanied by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.	这个秘密陪伴艾米很久了。平时问题并不严重》
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.	即便通过分散的，模块化的时间来学习和工作，她也基本上都可以完成任务，并取得不错的成绩。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.	但是，当任务重，时间紧的时候，艾米就感觉到非常痛苦和折磨。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.	个体对于自我暴露及其情绪体验的抵抗，其目的在于不使个体的自我认识与自尊受到威胁。
And some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.	也有些行为主义心理学家把阻抗理解为个体对于其行为矫正的不服从。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the way to calm down and feel the torment.	我试着让艾米做了一个练习，让她通过呼吸放松的方式让自己平静下来，去感受那份煎熬。
And once he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.	而一旦离开那个被困住的情境，她感觉自己放松下来，重新获得了自由。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.	现年63岁的流浪者韩某与另一流浪汉肖某酒后发生争执，遂持刀将其扎死。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.	韩某称案发前他和流浪汉肖某都住在东城区一胡同内的地上，两人相距20多米。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.	韩某称，案发当天，他俩被朋友叫去一起喝酒，两人在吃饭时和饭后曾两次发生争执。
Han said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.	韩某称，他怕肖某打他，就从垃圾堆捡来一把水果刀，将其扎死。
At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530,000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.	庭上，被害人家属要求韩某赔偿丧葬费、死亡赔偿金等共计53万余元。
4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry.	Uber进入台湾市场4年，对当地传统出租车行业产生了不小的冲击。
According to the information of Taiwan "United Daily News" on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.	台湾《联合报》8月12日消息称，12日上午逾百辆出租车绕行台湾“行政院”以示抗议，导致周边出现严重交通瘫痪现象。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.	台北市司机工会理事长郑力嘉却表示，Uber来台4年，台当局这月底才召开会议，司机们已无法再等。
However, the government eat their words and delayed again and again.	然而政府言而无信，一拖再拖。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.	属于底层劳工的守法出租车司机，却要与违法却不受限制的Uber竞争，感到被当局欺骗。
Original title: The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2,000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court	原标题：江苏一养殖场2000只鸡被法院查扣场主擅自变卖获刑
After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.	判决生效后，因李某没有自动履行判决确定的义务，王某向沭阳法院申请强制执行。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2,000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.	2014年10月16日，沭阳法院作出民事裁定，裁定对李某所有养殖场内蛋鸡2000只予以扣押，未经允许不得转移、变卖。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.	李某在收到扣押裁定后，在未经沭阳法院许可的情况下，私自将该养殖场内被扣押的部分蛋鸡卖掉。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.	至2015年3月8日沭阳县公安局勘查时，养殖场内只剩蛋鸡142只。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.	记者8月12日获悉，北京2022年冬奥会和冬残奥会组织委员会发布公告表明，北京冬奥组委继承北京冬奥申委会徽、标志等知识产权。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.	未经北京冬奥组委许可，任何人不得将北京冬奥申委会徽、标志用于商业目的。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.	国家发展改革委产业协调司负责人今天在此间指出，钢铁产能过剩是全球性问题。
China's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.	我国近年产能利用率均高于全球平均水平，也高于美欧等国家和地区。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually emerging.	我国已经采取坚决有效的措施化解过剩产能，而且成效正在逐步显现。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.	该负责人指出，对钢铁产能过剩这一全球性问题，党中央国务院高度重视。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.	各部门、各地区积极贯彻落实国务院部署，认真开展工作，今年要压减粗钢产能4500万吨左右。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.	从我国国情出发，我国并不鼓励钢材出口，相反，还采取一系列切实措施控制钢材出口。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.	这位负责人强调，钢铁产品国际贸易本质上讲是市场行为，是源于进口国需求、消费者综合考虑产品性价比等因素后的自主选择。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.	实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁产业的发展问题，相反，只会对国际贸易秩序造成进一步冲击。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.	在谈到债务时，该负责人强调，化解债务问题是化解过剩产能过程中需要妥善处理好的重要问题。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.	由于钢铁企业资产规模大，涉及面广，一些企业的债务关系复杂，如果处置不当，有可能引发区域性风险。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.	据该负责人介绍，近年来，随着经济下行压力加大，社会总需求逐步减弱，部分行业产能利用率下降，企业生产经营困难加大。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become "zombie enterprises" due to many obstacles to the market.	一些企业不适应市场环境变化，生产经营难以为继甚至濒临倒闭，但受一些体制机制因素制约，以市场化方式退出的障碍较多，成为“僵尸企业”。
The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.	这类企业的存在，扭曲了市场信号，降低了要素资源利用效率，增加了社会管理成本，妨碍了公平竞争市场环境的建立。
The main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry - weak market demand and low utilization rate.	导致亏损的主要原因与全球钢铁行业面临的困境一样——市场需求不振、产能利用率低。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.	我国主要采取市场机制、经济手段和法治办法，政府主要是做好职工兜底和社会稳定工作，保证公平公正的市场秩序。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.	这位负责人强调，下一步，要坚定不移继续抓好去产能工作，确保完成5年化解粗钢产能1亿~1.5亿吨的目标任务。
In the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.	10日下午，中国旅游警察在莫斯科红场一亮相，就立刻引起了人们的注意，中国游客怀着惊喜纷纷挥手致意，当地人和外国游客不禁驻足回望。
On the same day, China's first professional travel police team - members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.	当天，中国首支专业旅游警察队伍——海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察支队的成员来到莫斯科红场，和当地执勤的旅游警察交流学习。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.	莫斯科旅游警察在红场、尼科利斯基步行街、古姆百货商场等地分成三个小组执勤巡逻，中国旅游警察一起跟岗学习，整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Female police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.	女警官柳希涅今年20多岁，通晓英语和西班牙语，她去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her from time to time.	他一路上仔细观察俄罗斯同行的一言一行，并不时地与她进行交流。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with fluent Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.	当遇到西班牙游客前来咨询时，莫斯科旅游警察用流利的西班牙语为对方进行了耐心讲解，这给王冰留下深刻印象。
"Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot."	“莫斯科旅游警察每个人都掌握外语，有的还会两门以上，这对我们触动非常大。”
"Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attract international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of international tourism island."	“海南作为国际旅游岛，正在逐步重视吸引国际游客，我们希望提高自身能力来匹配国际旅游岛的地位。”
On the current day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.	当天在跟岗学习前，中国旅游警察还到莫斯科市旅游警察大队驻地与他们的俄罗斯同行进行交流。
"I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia."	“我常常与中国旅游者打交道，看到他们来到俄罗斯旅游非常高兴。”
"Their usual questions are: where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel."	“他们通常求助的问题是：路怎么走，某个纪念碑在哪里，怎么打出租，怎么回到旅馆。”
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.	莫斯科市旅游警察大队大队长雷萨科夫说，近年来莫斯科的城市环境和旅游氛围变得越来越好，对外国游客的吸引力日益增加。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.	为适应旅游发展需要，2014年7月成立旅游警察队伍，负责在各大景点巡逻保卫，帮助和疏导游客。
At present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.	目前，所有莫斯科旅游警察都熟练掌握英语，部分还掌握西班牙语和德语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.	警察大队根据外语水平将他们分成9个小组，每周上2次课，学习自卫招式、法律法规和外语。
"At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level," Lysakov said.	“目前有两名旅游警察开始学习汉语，已经说得不错了，我们还要继续提高他们的汉语水平，”雷萨科夫说。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.	雷萨科夫告诉记者，莫斯科旅游警察自组建以来，已经积累了一定的经验，希望能对三亚同行有所启发。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.	他认为，俄中两国警察部门合作将提升本国公民到对方国家旅游的安全感。
"The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration." Chen Xiaokun said.	“莫斯科旅游警察的人员招录、警务模式、装备配备，以及与游客的良好互动给我们带来了很多启发，”陈晓昆说。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at least nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.	中新网记者梳理发现，目前至少已有河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等9个省市出台了居住证实施细则。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements: having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.	对于申领居住证的条件，上述地区普遍提出，需居住半年以上，符合有合法稳定就业、合法稳定住所、连续就读条件之一。
Chinanews journalist noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the "gold content" is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.	中新网记者注意到，在居住证提供的待遇方面，各地“含金量”不一，与国家版的规定相比，一些地区提供的公共服务和便利的范围有所扩大。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.	这些地区均增加了子女在满足相关条件下可在当地参加中高考的便利。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.	此外，北京等多地还明确要求，逐步扩大提供公共服务和便利的范围，并定期向社会公布。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years	如，福建提出，至少每3年向社会公布一次居住证持有人享受的公共服务和便利的范围。
"Residence Permit Provisional Regulations" provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.	《居住证暂行条例》规定，对符合居住证办理条件的，公安机关应当自受理之日起15日内制作发放居住证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.	对于发证时限，大部分地区跟国家版的意见一致，即在15日内发放。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.	河北明确，对符合申领条件、材料齐全的，居住地公安派出所应自受理之日起3个工作日内发放居住证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.	江西规定，符合居住证申领条件且证明材料齐全的，公安机关应当自受理之日起5个工作日内制作发放居住证。
In accordance with the "residence permit provisional regulations", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.	按照《居住证暂行条例》规定，上述地区均明确，首次申领居住证，免收证件工本费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.	如，四川要求，各地公安派出所或者受委托的社区服务机构要严格执行核定的收费项目及收费标准，坚决禁止超范围、超标准收费或搭车收费。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room (deputy director-general, one year's probation period).	经查，2016年7月27日，原赣州市定南县委书记陈阳霞到省纪委报到上班，担任党风政风监督室主任（副厅长级，试用期一年）。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Liu.	当晚饮用的红酒由黎友才个人提供，其他费用由刘某某个人承担。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.	江西省纪委通报称，陈阳霞、程子亮等人在私人会所组织和接受吃请，违反了中央八项规定精神，触犯了党的纪律。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.	博格巴上赛季在意大利杯中吃到两张黄牌，根据规则将自动禁赛一场。
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup (FA Cup) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.	虽然他已经转会回到了英超，但是英足总仍然将其累计禁赛顺延至英超赛场。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.	如此一来，在8月14日客场迎战伯恩茅斯的比赛中，博格巴将作壁上观，他重返曼联的首秀将延至20日与南安普顿的主场比赛。
As the No.12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.	作为2014年的首轮12号新秀，萨里奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA，并加盟费城76人队。
As a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.	萨里奇身为一个年轻的欧洲球员，很多球迷对他并不是很了解，但是通过本届奥运会，相信萨里奇的表现给人们留下了很深的印象。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul - Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.	上一场克罗地亚险胜西班牙的比赛，萨里奇在最后时刻成功封盖掉保罗-加索尔试图将比赛拖入加时的篮下进攻。
Recently, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.	近日，76人队主帅布雷特-布朗给予萨里奇很高的评价，这位马刺系主帅认为他在萨里奇看到了年轻时的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 76 people full of expectations.	很显然，萨里奇已经展现出了他的天赋，并且让76人对他充满期待。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.	克罗地亚在本届奥运会上的前两场比赛，萨里奇一共得到24分、17个篮板和12次助攻。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.	上半场，萨里奇展现出了他在场上拉开空间的能力，通过与队友的挡拆之后，他在三分线外能命中投篮。
Although the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.	虽然目前这支76人的内线囤积了不少有天赋的年轻球员，但是他们并不具备萨里奇的外线能力。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.	从盖帽到发动长传快攻并完成助攻，当今NBA赛场上能做到这点的内线球员屈指可数。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.	自从本届奥运会开始以来，萨里奇在3场比赛里场均得到13分、8个篮板和5次助攻，表现堪称全面。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.	自从2014年夏天决定重返骑士队以来，詹姆斯连续签了两份1+1的合同。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.	随着NBA现今这份劳资协议即将进入最后一年，作为NBA球员工会的副主席，詹姆斯将会身处劳资协议谈判的最前线。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.	鉴于联盟收入的大幅提升，这得感谢新的电视转播协议，以及老板和球员之间关于如何处理这笔钱的争斗，外界担心NBA将会在明年夏天陷入停摆。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.	但是对于詹姆斯来说，他在明年夏天不用担心自己会成为自由球员，因为他已经与骑士队续约了一份3年期合同。
No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.	无论2017-18赛季从什么时候正式开始，詹姆斯都是在合同之内的。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.	自iPhoneSE惊艳亮相之后，手机市场也迎来了小屏机的热潮。
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series: nubiaZ11mini.	前不久，努比亚也推出了其Z11系列的首款作品：nubiaZ11mini。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5.0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.	nubiaZ11mini延续了其一贯的卓越拍照基因，并配备了单手更易握持的5.0英寸屏幕、便捷易用的后置指纹识别，成就了其出众的使用体验。
A small screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.	nubia旗下刚刚上市的小屏拍照手机Z11mini降价200元，即从原来的1499元降至1299元。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic "little red circle" design is below on the front side.	在外观方面，nubiaZ11mini采用了一块5英寸的1080P屏幕，正面下方依旧是经典的“小红圈”设计。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.	中框为金属材质，底部采用对称式设计并配置了Type-C数据接口。
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract	波特兰冶炼厂的未来因供电合同的取消而充满不确定性
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.	由于为工厂供电的电力公司透露了一名工厂所有人将终止一份供应合同，从而使所有供应合同失效，位于维多利亚的波特兰铝冶炼厂以及工厂数百名工人目前正面临着不确定的未来。
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.	这一举措发生在维多利亚政府决定不继续发放保证工厂运营的补贴之后。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.	这笔为期20年的固定补贴将在11月终止。
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.	美铝公司波特兰工厂的2000名工人可能面临失业。
As many as 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk with any closure.	一旦工厂关闭，可能有多达2000人直接或间接失业。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.	并且由于该工厂的用电量占到维多利亚全部电力输出的约10%，因此可能还会产生连锁反应。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.	2014年，美铝公司关闭了汉瑞角冶炼厂，这导致了去年安格尔西岛发电厂的关闭。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.	美铝公司波特兰冶炼厂目前正在亏损并且面临关闭风险。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.	此举是在对工厂未来几年作出预测之后作出的，最初的原因是澳元的走强，而最近则是因为工厂产品的价格。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.	AGL通过拉特罗布山谷老埃杨发电厂为这座大型铝冶炼厂提供电能。该公司预测另外三名工厂所有人也将终止其协议。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.	工厂的最大股东是一家美铝公司和氧化铝公司的合资公司，而中国的中信集团和日本的丸红株式会社也持有少量股份。
"AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue," it said.	该合资公司表示：“AGL预计波特兰工厂将继续运营，也就是说这座冶炼厂将继续产生电力需求。”
AGL said the contracts are so-called 'hedging contracts' which were due to take effect from November 2016.	AGL表示这些合同是本来应该自2016年11月起生效的“对冲合同”。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.	合同的终止期为12个月，因此它们将在2017年终止。
"As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17," the power company said.	该电力公司表示：“因此，AGL仍预测这些合同将在2017财年继续产生收入。”
Any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.	自2018财年起对AGL可能产生的任何收入影响目前都受到期货市场对于批发电价的乐观展望。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $187 million in "anticipation of a termination event."	AGL表示，公司已在“终止活动预期”中减记了1.87亿美元的合同价值。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter."	美铝公司表示，决定终止这些合同“不会影响美铝公司经营该冶炼厂或保证该冶炼厂电力供应的能力”。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 , which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.	这家美国公司表示其在2010年与老埃杨签署了一份为期20年的合同，该合同本来将在今年11月生效，但该公司没有解释为何退出该合同。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.	分析家对于位于维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂以及位于纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈工厂是否会因为行业糟糕的经济形势而关闭持谨慎态度。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.	针对分析师在本周早些时候发表的评论，AGL运营主管史蒂芬·米克尔森表示波特兰每年的用电量达到约600兆瓦，托马戈工厂达到约900兆瓦。
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.	如果两家工厂关闭，则电力市场的需求量会大大减少。
And as a generator that wouldn't be good for us," he said.	他表示：“作为一家电力公司，这对于我们来说可不是一个好消息”。
Community legal centres turn away 160,000 people a year	社区法律中心每年将16万人拒之门外
More than 160,000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.	每年有超过16万最弱势的群体被社区法律中心拒之门外。这项服务的资金本已捉襟见肘，而现在又要面对进一步的资金削减。
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like - are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.	在昆士兰，每五个人中有三个人在寻求免费法律咨询和代理服务时被拒，其中大部分是老年人、移民、弱势的工人、暴力事件的受害人以及没有资源对抗不公正驱逐的人等。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.	社区法律服务的资金缺乏早已超过了限值，现在又要面临进一步的资金削减。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.	自明年六月起，联邦政府为这些法律中心提供的资金将再减少30%。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.	昆士兰社区法律中心负责人詹姆斯·法雷尔表示，根据最新的国家社区协会法律中心调查报告，每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.	法雷尔先生表示，如果联邦政府不改变现有的决定，这一情况只会变得更糟。
"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need," he said.	他表示：“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期处于资金不足的状况，这意味着数千人将无法获得所需要的重要服务。”
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked - all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.	需要远离暴力的人、背负无法偿还的巨额债务的人、面临分崩离析的家庭、被压榨的工人，这些人群都面临着法律层面的问题，并且该报告显示他们无法获得所需要的帮助。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.	联邦政府将自2017年6月起再削减30%的资金，这意味着昆士兰数千弱势群体将被迫在没有帮助的情况下面对复杂的法律问题。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.	我们呼吁司法部长兼昆士兰议员乔治·布兰迪斯立刻撤消这些削减资金的决定，让人们可以在面对法律问题时获得所需要的帮助。
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.	去年，州政府承诺将法律援助资金提高到国家平均水平。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.	现在必须关注社区法律中心及其对应社区的需求，白乐琪政府也必须投入到这项重要的工作中。
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun	唐纳德·特朗普竞选团队因工作人员拔枪而被起诉
New York: Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.	纽约：特朗普的竞选团队因其北加利福尼亚洲负责人于2月份驾驶一辆吉普车时拔枪指向一名工作人员后不作为而被起诉。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.	该州竞选团队的前软件培训师文森特·博迪尼于周三在位于夏洛特的州法庭上描述了该事件。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising "this was not going to happen."	博迪尼表示，之前他希望这件事情能够在内部解决，但在等待了数月后他意识到“这不可能发生”。
The director, Earl Phillip, "produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap," Bordini said in the complaint.	根据博迪尼的描述，这位名叫厄尔·菲利普的负责人“拔出了一把手枪，将右手食指放在板机上，并且将枪口对准文森特的膝盖骨。”
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.	在向当地和地区竞选团队领导层投诉后，博迪尼从卷宗中了解到至少还有四个人经历了相同的事情。
"Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage," Bordini said in the complaint.	博迪尼在投诉中表示：“没有开枪不代表不会造成伤害。”
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" -- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts -- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.	就在该案件发生两天前，这位共和党总统候选人在北卡罗来纳州告诉群众，如果他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选并且挑选她所喜爱的法官，那么“支持第二修正案的人”，也就是枪支持有人和枪支爱好者可能会采取行动，这一发言引发了众怒。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.	特朗普的竞选团队表示，媒体对他的话断章取义，他并没有提倡暴力。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.	博迪尼在投诉中要求竞选团队为自己的疏于监督进行赔偿，同时也要求菲利普为自己的袭击、殴打和精神伤害进行赔偿。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.	特朗普发言人霍普·希克斯未立即对这一消息予以回应。
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.	无法联系到菲利普。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.	据夏洛特当地的一家新闻社WCCB报道，菲利普于近期离开了竞选团队。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.	他的咨询公司 Innovative Consulting Services 未对来电立刻进行回复。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.	共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的竞选团队饱受争议。
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).	本案双方为博迪尼与特朗普总统竞选公司，16-CS-14300，梅克伦堡县 （夏洛特）高等法院普通庭。
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow	英国必须传递奥林匹克精神并且对希思罗机场进行扩建
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.	希思罗也将为我们的社区、伦敦以及整个国家带来活力与繁荣。
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.	对于我而言，这是希思罗的魅力所在，正如在2012年伦敦奥运会时，我们竭尽全力保证我们的国家和地区能够从这些赛事中获益。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.	奥运会使斯特拉特福德和东区受益匪浅。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.	并且我们将通过为希思罗附近的当地民众和企业创造机会再次造福这一地区。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.	仅就我们的本地社区而言，我们将创造10,000个新学徒岗位、40,000个新工作岗位并且让机场周围的年轻人摆脱失业困境。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.	正如2012年伦敦奥运会前，有些人认为希思罗的扩建工程过于庞大。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage.	我被告知英国将无法为奥运会做好准备，并且我们将在全世界面前丢脸。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.	质疑者对于2012年奥运会的怀疑是错误的，并且他们对于希思罗项目的怀疑也将被证明是错误的。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.	虽然总是会出现需要克服的障碍，但希思罗正在解决每一个所面临的问题。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.	如同奥运会，希思罗是为大多数人而非少数人所开展的基础设施项目。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.	扩建工程将创造多达18万个新工作岗位、带来2110亿英镑的经济增长，为机场周围和全英国留下一笔技术与就业财富。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5 - voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.	我们有一支出色的希思罗项目团队。该团队已准时并且在预算范围内完成了110亿英镑的基础设施投资项目，包括连续五年当选全球最佳机场航站楼的T5航站楼和位于全球最繁忙的两条跑道之间的T2航站楼。
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.	现在，他们准备以160亿英镑的私人投资建设第三条跑道。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.	英国成功地举办了2012年伦敦奥运会，而我相信希思罗机场扩建项目也将取得巨大的成功。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.	现在正是我们传递奥林匹克精神并扩建希思罗机场的好时机，这样我们就能为我们的未来保驾护航并且创造一笔使全英国感到骄傲的技术与就业财富。
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury	保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗机场董事会主席和前英国财政部商务参赞
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide	一名女性在瑞士高速公路上自杀并被辗身亡
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.	受害者于午夜躺在高速公路上。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.	这名试图自杀的女性于周四清晨在高速公路上被多辆车辗过。目前警方正在寻找目击者。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.	这场事故发生在周四凌晨沃州莫尔日附近的A1高速公路上。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road "in a desperate act" and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.	沃州警方表示，一名女性在深夜“绝望地”躺在公路上并且被多辆车辗过。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.	受害者为一名49岁的瑞士女性，其行为明显带有自杀意图。她被多辆车辗过，其中包括一辆货车。
She died at the scene.	这名女性当场死亡。
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.	警方透露，多名涉事的驾驶员已接受了调查，但部分驾驶员仍未确认。目前警方正在呼吁他们以及事故目击者前来接受调查。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a "logical" step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.	吉勒斯·霍夫施泰特尔律师向《日内瓦论坛报》表示，目前已开始进行刑事调查，这是此类事件的常规流程。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.	但目前尚未知晓是否将有驾驶员面临指控。
Was it possible to avoid impact?	是否有可能避免碰撞？
That's what the prosecutor must determine," said Hofstetter.	霍夫施泰特尔表示：“这将由检察官来确定”。
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.	根据过去五年另两起类似案件的结果，驾驶员将不承担责任。
In each case - both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark - it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.	据该报报道，这两起案件都是因为有人在深夜走上高速公路所引起的。最终的判决是驾驶员不可能预料到在午夜有行人会穿越高速公路。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.	去年，一名警官被指控因疏忽而致人死亡，指控的内容是2014年8月，她在帕耶讷附近的A1高速公路上撞击了一名男子并且致其死亡。
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.	法庭得知，这名22岁的受害者在饮酒后穿过公路。
The court found that the policewoman -- who was responding to an emergency call -- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a "completely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.	法官在调查后表示，这名女警察当时的驾驶行为完全合法，而这名男子出现在公路上“完全是意外且无法预料的情况”，而且这名女警察事后拨打了急救电话。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.	任何可提供有关周四莫尔日附近这起事故的信息的人应拨打021 644 83 46或 021 644 44 44联系警方。
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable	NASA 气候模型：金星上曾适合人类居住
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.	根据 NASA 新气候模型的预测，金星上曾适合人类居住。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus' past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.	NASA 戈达德太空研究所的科学家开发了一个可探索金星过去情况的模型，该模型所使用的工具和算法与气候科学家所使用的十分类似。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.	该模型用于确定表面高温、无水并且大气层充满二氧化碳的金星是否曾经有类似于地球的环境。
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus' slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.	此前，科学家认为金星自转速度较慢是因为其大气层较厚。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.	但最新的模拟表明金星可能曾经有一个较薄、类似于地球的大气层而且当时的自转速度同样较慢。
The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.	该模型还能显示金星早期的地形。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.	金星的干燥地区可能比地球多，但曾经有足够的水和地理变化来孕育生命并且防止快速蒸发。
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.	早期，照射在金星上的阳光亮度比地球暗了30%。
"In the GISS model's simulation, Venus' slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time," GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.	戈达德太空研究所科学家安东尼·德尔·杰尼奥在新闻发布会上解释说：“在戈达德太空研究所的模型模拟中，金星缓慢的自转使其一侧的白天时间长达近两个月。”
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.	这使表面变暖并且产生了能够形成厚云层的雨水，厚云层就像是一把伞一样为地面阻挡了大部分太阳的热量。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.	模拟的结果是金星的平均气候温度实际上比现在的地球还低了几度。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.	该模型所模拟的金星演化与之前行星科学家推测的相近。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was -- over the course of several billion years -- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.	尽管金星上可能曾经存在生命，但在几十亿年的过程中，金星暴露在过高的温度与紫外线下。
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.	星球上的海洋蒸发，水蒸汽也被紫外线烧尽。
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect -- thus, the Venus we know today.	随着氢的逃逸，所留下的只有较厚的二氧化碳大气层和致命的温室气体效应，从而形成了我们今天所知道的金星。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.	研究人员在《地球物理研究通讯》期刊中发表了新的金星气候模型的模拟结果。
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach	帕特里克·罗伊辞去雪崩队主帅一职
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.	帕特里克·罗伊于周四辞去科罗拉多雪崩冰球队主教练兼副总裁一职，他表示自己在球队决策层面没有发言权。
Colorado executive vice president/general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.	科罗拉多执行副总裁总经理乔·萨奇斯确认了这一消息并且表示俱乐部将立刻开始寻找新的主教练。
"For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.	五十岁的罗伊在声明中表示：“在过去三年中，我怀着活力、激情与决心履行科罗拉多雪崩队主教练兼副总裁的职责。”
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.	我在整个夏季认真思考了该如何改进这支球队，使其具备更上一层楼的实力。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.	为此，这位主教练和副总裁的目标必需与俱乐部的目标相一致。
He must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.	他还必需在影响球队表现的决策中拥有发言权。
These conditions are not currently met.	但目前，这些条件还未满足。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.	萨奇斯于2013年5月23日聘请罗伊，他对罗伊为球队做出的贡献表示感谢。
"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.	萨奇斯表示：“帕特里克在今天告诉了我他的决定。”
We appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.	我们对他为俱乐部所作出的贡献表示感谢，并且希望他在未来一帆风顺。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.	罗伊在2013-14年执教雪崩队的首个赛季中被提名为杰克·亚当斯奖联盟最佳教练。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.	他帮助俱乐部获得了112分，位居中部分区第一。但科罗拉多队在季后赛第一轮就被明尼苏达队所淘汰，在最近两年均与季后赛失之交臂。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.	2015-16赛季，雪崩队的成绩为39胜39平4负，最终以5分之差失去了西部大联盟赛区的第二张外卡资格。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.	作为名人堂守门员，罗伊共赢得过四座斯坦利杯，在为蒙特利尔加拿大人队和雪崩队效力时各获得两座。
North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike	北海油田工人停止罢工，继续谈判
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.	首席谈判代表表示，北海油田的工人停止了关于薪酬的罢工，此次纠纷的各方开始了新一轮的谈判。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.	荷兰皇家壳牌经营的北海石油平台上出现了多次针对油田服务公司 Wood Group 的罢工。
"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute," a joint statement read.	根据一份联合声明，“Wood Group 以及 Unite 和 RMT 工会可以确认我们已同意重启当前纠纷的解决进程。”
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.	我们将从下周早些时候开始，在未来几周举行多场全天会议，重新审视这些问题。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.	工会表示其近期采取的行动是为了抗议最高可能达到30%的减薪，而这也是工会25年以来首次采取这一行动。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.	Wood Group 今年因市场压力而将北海承包商的报酬降低了约9%。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.	此次减薪前，该公司在2014年将海上承包商的报酬降低了10%。
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.	公司表示，再次减薪将帮助公司度过市场萧条的难关。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.	壳牌已裁减了数千名员工并且宣布计划关停10个国家的油气设备，这是因为公司在与英国能源公司英国天然气集团合并后需要精简其业务。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.	能源公司正在面临来自原油价格下降以及英国六月脱欧决定的压力。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.	苏格兰议会成员戴夫·安德森在本周早些时候与工会领导人会面，共同探讨北海这一代人最大的劳动纠纷。
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.	他表示，北海对于地区经济而言至关重要。
"In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few," he said in a statement.	戴夫在声明中表示：“在北海和整个国家，我们需要一种服务于多数人而非少数人的经济。”
Less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $7 billion in the past five years.	2016年，北海新项目的支出预计不超过14亿美元，而过去五年的平均项目支出达到约70亿美元。
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster	开普勒测量昂宿星团恒星的自转速度
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.	这项开普勒太空望远镜的最新使命帮助天文学家采集了最完整的昂宿星团恒星自转速度。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.	新数据正在帮助天文学家了解为何该星团的恒星有不同的自转速度以及自转周期与星球组成的关联。
"We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system," Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.	帕萨迪纳加州理工学院红外处理分析中心研究科学家卢萨·雷布尔在新闻发布会上表示：“我们希望通过比较我们的结果与其他星团进一步了解恒星质量、年龄、甚至其太阳系历史之间的关系。”
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-years from Earth.	昂宿星团距离地球445光年。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.	该星团中的许多恒星诞生于约1.25亿年前，目前还刚刚达到成年期。
They're spinning as fast as they ever will.	它们达到了一生中最高的自转速度。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.	在达到最高自转速度时，这些成熟的恒星射出大量恒星风。
As these winds travel across the stars' magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.	当这些恒星风穿过恒星的磁场时，它们会对恒星产生制动作用。
As a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.	随着恒星年龄的增加，其自转速度开始减慢。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots -- like sunspots.	开普勒通过追踪可识别的恒星黑子（如同太阳黑子）出现的时间测量各恒星的自转速度。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.	最新的自转速度数据集表明质量较大的恒星的自转速度慢于质量较小的恒星。
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.	雷布尔将恒星比作舞者，体型较大的舞者旋转时的速度慢于体型较小的舞者。
"In the 'ballet' of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars," said Rebull.	雷布尔表示：“在昂宿星团的‘芭蕾舞表演’中，我们发现自转速度较慢的恒星往往质量较大，而自转速度最快的恒星往往是最轻的恒星。”
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.	由于昂宿星团距离较近，因此可以作为比较恒星质量与自转速度的理想宇宙实验室。
"The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.	雷布尔表示：“昂宿星团为年轻与年迈恒星的双向旋转理论模型奠定了基础。”
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their 'dance shoes,' so to speak.	关于恒星如何、何时以及为何减慢自转速度并且“收起自己的舞鞋”，我们仍有许多需要了解的知识。
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.	雷布尔和她的同事在三篇新论文中详细阐述了他们对昂宿星团自转速度的最新分析。这三篇论文不久将发布在《天文学期刊》上。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.	南湖公园水域管理科科长郑建军介绍，南湖水底最深处超过10米，不了解情况下水者，很可能发生危险。
"Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely" Zheng Jianjun said.	“虽说南湖救援队非常专业，但仍希望广大划船的游客能穿上救生衣，在湖上不要做违规行动，安全游玩。”郑建军说。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.	围头村具有得天独厚的海洋环境，坐拥自然生态和人文生态两大休闲旅游资源。
"However, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "	“但是购买了小区车位的个别业主，怕这样做会影响自己的车位出租价格，也怀疑其他人存有私心，所以一直背后搞破坏，导致车位改造一事被搁置。”
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.	对于番薯在何时由何人引进这一问题，学界的说法仍纷繁不一。
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.	在目前较为主流的观点中，番薯的引进主要有三条线路。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.	番薯引入的三条线路中影响最大、传播最广的，就是陈振龙由菲律宾引入福州。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.	北京市社会团体管理办公室即日起将对社会团体会费统一收据使用情况开展专项检查。
Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-examination and spot inspection.	检查分为单位自查和重点抽查两种。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.	市社团办相关负责人介绍，本次检查范围包括2013至2015年度在市社团办领用社会团体会费统一收据的社会团体。
"The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media," said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.	里约奥组委在２０１２年制定的奥运传播战略中就曾说：“奥运会成功与否是由哪些在社交媒体分享故事的人们定义的。”
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.	而从本届奥运会的报道来看，各媒体在传播方式、产品形态、语言风格、新闻视角等诸多方面都较以往做了很大的改变。
It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.	国际奥委会和世界各国的媒体从业者，看来都已经要迎接这一轮挑战了。
On August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.	8月11日，光大证券H股公开发售进入最后一天。有消息指出，招股前两日市场反应平淡。按照计划，其将于8月18日在港交所挂牌上市。
A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.	国内一家券商分析师表示，东方证券在港基础并不算好，旗下资管业务才是东证所长。相比中银国际、中信证券等银行系券商，显得先天不足。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.	专家指出，今年以来随着证券市场回归平淡，很多券商业绩都出现了下滑，但公司上市之后情况要更多看公司本身业务的发展情况，不能一概而论。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.	此项调控新政出台后，苏州将成为全国第一个重启限购的二线城市。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.	出台或者即将出台楼市调控政策的二线城市不止苏州，还包括合肥、南京等城市。
Prior to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.	此前，合肥已经率先发布限贷政策，对于在合肥名下有两套房且有一套住房贷款未结清的购房者，银行将拒绝提供房贷服务。
Last week, the broadcast of period drama “Beauty Private Kitchen” was temporarily halted, and accidentally triggered heated debate about faked ratings of locally produced dramas.	上周，古装剧《美人私房菜》临时停播，意外引发了关于国产剧收视率造假的热烈讨论。
Civil rights group issues travel warning for Missouri	民权团体针对密苏里州发出旅行警告
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has put out an alert for people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.	由于密苏里州的歧视性政策和种族主义袭击，美国有色人种促进协会 (NAACP) 向准备前往密苏里州出游的有色人群发出旅行警告。
"The NAACP Travel Advisory for the state of Missouri, effective through August 28th, 2017, calls for African American travelers, visitors and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling throughout the state given the series of questionable, race-based incidents occurring statewide recently, and noted therein," the group's statement reads.	“2017 年 8 月 28 日生效的 NAACP 密苏里州旅行咨询中呼吁，因近期密苏里州发生了一系列可疑的种族性事件，所有非裔美籍旅行者、游客以及密苏里州人在密苏里州旅行时应特别注意并采取极其谨慎的态度，特此告知，”该团体的声明宣称。
A recent Missouri law making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the state's law enforcement disproportionately targeting minorities prompted the group to issue the travel alert, the NAACP said.	NAACP 指出，最近通过的一项密苏里州法律使得人们更难赢得歧视诉讼，该州执法也一定程度上针对少数群体，这些现象促使该组织发布了旅行警告。
"You have violations of civil rights that are happening to people.	侵犯公民权利的行为正发生在人们身上。
They're being pulled over because of their skin color, they're being beaten up or killed," the president of the Missouri NAACP, Rod Chapel, told The Kansas City Star.	他们因肤色被停车盘问，被殴打或被杀害，”密苏里州 NAACP 主席罗德·查培尔告诉堪萨斯城星报 (The Kansas City Star)。
"We are hearing complaints at a rate we haven't heard before."	“我们收到了许多投诉，数量前所未有。”
It is the first such warning that the organization has issued for a state in the US.	这是该组织在美国针对某个州发布的第一个此类警告。
The group cited incidents such as racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.	该组织援引了密苏里大学对黑人学生的种族诽谤以及 28 岁田纳西州黑人男性托利·桑德斯的死亡事件。
Sanders died under questionable circumstances earlier this year after he ran out of gas while traveling through the state, and was taken into custody by Missouri police without being accused of a crime.	今年早些时候，桑德斯在可疑情况下死亡。他在密苏里州旅行时燃油耗尽，被密苏里州警方在无指控犯罪的情况下拘留。
The advisory also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showing that black drivers in the state were 75 percent more likely to be pulled over than whites.	咨询中还指出，密苏里州总检察长办公室最近的一份报告显示，“与白人相比，该州的黑人司机被停车盘查的可能性要高出 75%”。
"The advisory is for people to be aware, and warn their families and friends and co-workers of what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.	查培尔说：“该份咨询是为了提高人们的意识，警告他们的家人、朋友和同事在密苏里州可能发生的情况。”
"People need to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money with them, or letting relatives know they are traveling through the state."	“人们需要做好准备，无论是携带保释金前往密苏里州，还是让亲属知道自己在州内旅行”。
Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, ranking the state at 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.	根据联邦调查局仇恨犯罪报告计划的最新数据，密苏里州在 2015 年记录了 100 起仇恨罪行；根据罪行量，该州在全国排名第 16 位。
The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a business for housing or employment discrimination.	旅行警告也是对密苏里州新法律的回应，该法律将使起诉住房或就业歧视企业变得更加困难。
Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain people on immigration violations which the ACLU said would increase racial profiling.	此前，美国各州通过了移民执法法律，要求当地执法部门拘留移民违规人员，美国公民自由联盟 (ACLU) 表示此举会增加种族诉讼数量，并发布了针对德克萨斯州和亚利桑那州的旅行咨询。
Travel warnings are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but lately, advocacy groups have resorted to the measure in response to certain laws and trends inside the US.	旅行警告通常是由美国政府针对其他国家发布的，但最近，咨询团体采取这一方式以应对美国境内的某些法律和趋势。
After experiencing the “golden era” of a soaring box office in 2015, the film market retreated into a cooling-off period in 2016. Whether box office takings could surpass last year’s total of RMB44.069 billion is questionable.	经历2015年票房猛增的“黄金时代”后，2016年整体电影市场进入了冷静期，能否突破去年440.69亿元的总票房成绩都成为一个悬念。
Data from the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that in October, prices of new and second-hand residential properties cooled, up 0.6% and 1.1% month-on-month, respectively.	从国家统计局公布的数据看，10月，北京新房和二手房价格双双降温，环比仅上涨0.6%和1.1%。
Lupekscu, the current Chief Technology Officer of UEFA, made a technical report on the 2016 UEFA Euro and the last season of European Champions League at the meeting.	现任欧足联首席技术官的卢佩斯库在本次大会上做了一份关于2016年欧锦赛以及上赛季欧冠联赛的技术报告。
BBC claims that Beijing has become the most exciting city: making foreigners feel like “living in a new age”	BBC称北京成最激动人心城市：让老外感觉“生活在新时代”
Reference News Network reported on January 18 that the British media organization has noticed that Beijing is rapidly transforming into a glamorous modern city in spite of the fact that it is 3000 years old.	参考消息网1月18日报道英媒称，北京或许有三千年的悠久历史，但它也在迅速变身为今天的现代魅力都市。
The Chinese capital is interconnected by amazingly high-speed Internet and has implemented cutting-edge technologies such as face recognition. It has invested heavily in artificial intelligence and has an unmatched capacity of internationalization. It is one of the most exciting cities for foreigners who are eager to explore the world.	这座中国首都拥有速度高得惊人的互联网，有人脸识别软件等尖端技术，在人工智能方面投入了巨资并且拥有无可匹敌的国际化能量，它对富于探索精神的外国人而言是最激动人心的城市之一。
According to a report on the BBC website on January 16, the German expatriate Clemens Sage said: 'If I can succeed there, I can succeed anywhere.' He quoted a song written by singer Frank Sinatra to praise New York City.	据英国广播公司网站1月16日报道，德国侨民克莱门斯·塞希说：“如果我能在那儿成功，我以后在任何地方都能成功。”他引用的是歌手弗兰克·西纳特拉歌颂纽约市的歌词。
Sage, who served as Creative Director of Traveler Archives, said: "If Sinatra lives today, he is likely to sing a song for Beijing." He said that living in this city will make you feel like “living in a new age”, which means that you can always keep up with the trends.	在《旅行者档案》杂志担任创意总监的塞希说：“如果西纳特拉活到今天，他很可能会歌唱北京这样的城市。”他说，生活在这座城市会让你感觉“生活在新时代”，总是能跟上潮流。
Simon Norton, who originates from England had been living in Beijing in recent years, published an article on personal blog site 4Corners7Seas saying: “People generally have a feeling of being at the center of something grand. Although this feeling is hard to describe clearly, it is the reason why so many foreigners stay there for a long time. They want to see what it will become and hope to witness it. ”	老家位于英格兰、但最近生活在北京的西蒙·诺顿在个人博客网站4Corners7Seas上发表文章说：“人们总体上有一种处于某种宏大事物中心的感觉，这种感觉很难说清楚，但它让许多外国人长久留在那里。他们想看看它会变成什么样，并且希望亲眼见证。”
According to reports, the city's high-quality, high-speed Internet and technology-friendly environment make everyday life easier than ever before.	报道称，这座城市优质高速的互联网和对技术友好的环境使日常生活比以往任何时候都更容易。
Andy Peñafuerte, who originates from Manila and is currently the deputy editor-in-chief of the website Beijing Children, said: "Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cashless society. The Internet integrates the functions of traditional wallets into smart phones, making it easier for everyone to conduct various transactions."	来自马尼拉、目前在“北京儿童”网站担任副总编的安迪·佩尼亚富埃尔特说：“北京正在迅速转变为一个无现金社会，互联网把传统钱包的功能整合到智能手机上，使每个人都能更容易地进行许多交易。”
According to reports, smart phones are just the beginning of Beijing's technical ambitions. Face recognition technology is being widely used across the city. Many mobile phone applications use this technology to facilitate bank transfers and payments, grant people access apartments and offices, and even use it to verify identity of the drivers providing car-hailing service.	报道表示，但智能手机只是北京技术雄心的开始，面部识别软件已经十分普及，许多手机应用都使用这种技术来进行银行转账和支付、让人们进入公寓和办公室，甚至用它来核实网约车司机的身份。
Beijing recently announced plans to invest 13.8 billion yuan in the construction of an artificial intelligence technology park. When it is completed, more than 400 companies will settle there. They will focus on the development of artificial intelligence technologies ranging from biometrics to self-driving cars.	北京最近还宣布计划斥资138亿元人民币修建一个人工智能科技园，建成后将有逾400家企业在那里落户，它们将专注于开发从生物测定到自动驾驶汽车的各种人工智能技术。
Food plays a central role in China’s many major traditional festivals. Foreigners are enthusiastic about these festivals. The Spring Festival is the most important festival in both social and economic sense, and it is also one of the most enjoyable festivals for foreigners.	食品也是中国历年诸多重大节日的核心，参加这些庆祝活动受到外国人的推崇，春节是最重要的社会和经济节日，也是外国人最容易参与的节日之一。
Sage said: “It's a pleasure for me to help Chinese friends prepare for the New Year. It is equally important to clean the apartment and paste the red spring couplets with blessing words on the door. On New Year’s eve, all family members must gather together to have a good meal and stay until midnight, and finally to celebrate the New Year with fireworks. For foreigners, spending the night with friends and their family is indeed an opportunity for blending. ”	塞希说：“我建议帮助中国朋友为过年做准备，打扫公寓和在家门贴上写有新年祝福语的红色春联同等重要，在除夕那一天，所有的家庭成员都要齐集一堂吃一顿丰盛的大餐，然后守岁到午夜，用绚丽响亮的焰火迎接新年。对外国人而言，与朋友和家人共度这个夜晚的确是一个融入的机会。”
According to reports, a large number of foreigners are living in Beijing and the number is growing. However, the language barrier and the convenience of exchanges between the expatriates can easily become excuses for not fully integrating into the local culture.	报道称，北京的外国人数量众多而且在不断增长，但中国的语言障碍以及侨民之间交流的便利很容易成为他们不完全融入当地文化的借口。
Sage said: 'Some foreigners have lived in China for many years, but they have little experience with their host country. If your initial attempt to interact with the Chinese is not successful, then it is easy for you to feel more comfortable with other foreigners.	塞希说：“一些外国人已经在中国生活多年，但对他们的东道国几乎没有什么体验。如果你最初接触中国人的尝试不算成功，那么你很容易有还是与其他外国人相处更容易的感觉。
In these so-called 'foreign bubbles' ('Laowai bubble' refers to circles in which foreigners only mixed in with foreigners, without touching local people and local culture -- translator's note), foreigners mingle with each other in their own communities, eat in Western restaurants, and only make friends with foreigners.	”在这些所谓的“老外泡泡”中（“老外泡泡”是指外国人只在外国人中间混，而不接触当地人和当地文化——译者注），外国人在自己的社区里抱团，在西方餐馆吃饭，并且朋友中只有外国人。
The easiest way to overcome problem is to learn a little bit of Mandarin – something easier than one might think.	克服这一点最简单的办法就是学习一点普通话——这比人们可能想象的要简单。
Sage said: “One or two hours of private lessons in Chinese every week or learning entry-level radio dramas should suit everyone’s busy schedule.”	塞希说：“每周上一两个小时的中文私教课或者学习入门级的广播剧应该会适合每个人的忙碌日程。”
Even learning a few classic phrases will help with shopping, ordering a meal in a restaurant, or chatting on a taxi.	哪怕学几句经典的短句也会对购物、在餐馆订餐或是在出租车上闲聊有帮助。
According to reports, persistent air pollution is also a fact of daily life, but the government has tried to curb pollution in recent years.	报道称，顽固的空气污染也是日常生活中的一个事实，不过近年来的政府努力遏制了一些问题。
Residents emphasize that outdoor activities are very important in warm months when pollution is often light. It is important to consider those blue sky days as opportunities for rambling in ancient encryptors or exploring the popular Ritan Park.	居民们强调，在污染往往较轻的温暖月份里到户外活动很重要，要把那些蓝天日当作在历史悠久的胡同里徜徉或是探索备受欢迎的日坛公园的机会。
Norton said: "Beijing is a Chinese city that one can find most things below the surface. You can find very good arts and music activities, indulgent nightlife, historical wonders, ultra-modern business districts and ancient hutong areas."	诺顿说：“北京是能在表面以下发现最多东西的中国城市，你能发现很不错的艺术和音乐活动、纵情的夜生活、历史奇观、超现代的商业区和古老的胡同区。”
The report believed that the hindrance to growth in human capital as a result of aging has become increasingly apparent. This was particularly the case in the Northeast, where the annual average contribution of aging to human capital growth was -1.28%.	报告认为，老龄化对人力资本增长的阻碍作用日益明显，尤其在东北地区，老龄化对人力资本增长的年均贡献率为-1.28%。
Pan Gongsheng said that the present of risk of cross-border capital flows can be controlled. The fundamental factors underpinning international balance of payments will still exist over the longer term.	潘功胜指出，目前跨境资本流动风险可控，支撑国际收支平衡的根本性因素仍然长期存在。
China News Service Beijing December 17 wire (Reporter: Gao Kai) Heritage makes the world resplendent - The opening ceremony of the 2016 International Summit for the Authentication, Restoration and Protection of Ancient Chinese Calligraphy and Painting was held at Renmin University of China on December 17.	中新网北京12月17日电 (记者 高凯)世界因遗产而璀璨——2016中国古书画鉴定修复与保护国际高峰论坛于12月17日在中国人民大学开幕。
In April this year, the European Commission accused Google of coercing mobile phone manufacturers into installing software such as the Google search engine and Chrome web browser, or they would not be allowed to use other Google applications.	欧盟委员会今年4月指控谷歌强迫手机厂商预装谷歌搜索和Chrome浏览器等软件，否则便不允许其使用其他谷歌应用。
The European Commission believed that this harmed consumer interests and hindered competition.	欧盟委员会认为此举有损消费者的利益，并且阻碍了竞争。
EU regulators initially requested that Google make a response prior to July 27.	欧盟监管者最初要求谷歌在7月27日之前作出回应。
If found guilty of violating antitrust rules, Google could face a maximum fine of 10% of its global turnover, or approximately US$7.4 billion.	倘若反垄断罪名成立，谷歌最高面临其全球营收10%的罚款，约为74亿美元。
Google has not made immediate comment on this.	谷歌尚未立刻对此置评。
Google also faced EU investigations over giving prominent placement to its own shopping services in search results.	谷歌还因为在搜索结果中偏向自家购物服务而面临欧盟的调查。
Zhang Yuning's stay-abroad is a real one. It can be said that his achievement of “jumping level” from the national youth to the national Olympics is by no means accidental, and his leap-forward growth is still surprising.	张玉宁的留洋是实打实的，可以说他实现从国青到国奥的“跳级”并不是偶然的，而他飞跃成长的幅度依然令人惊讶。
Understand through a picture: Bitcoin's legal status around the world	一张图看懂：比特币在世界各地的法律地位
Abstract: A part from the price correction which is natural in speculation, the current round of digital currency tumble has also to do with the 'sworn enemy'—regulation.	摘要：除了投机属性天然引发的价格回调，本轮数字货币惨跌也与“宿敌”——监管风险不无关系。
From the visualized maps, the attitude of the eastern countries towards Bitcoin is more conservative than that of the West. Most countries in the world are still indecisive about the legitimacy of digital currencies, indicating that the “risk of the black swan” is still looming large.	从可视化地图看，东方国家对比特币的态度比西方更为保守，占全球主体的国家仍在观望数字货币合法性，代表“黑天鹅风险”依旧很大。
*This article is taken from Wallstreetcn (WeChat ID: wallstreetcn), editor Wang Mu. For more exciting information, visit wallstreetcn.com or download the Wallstreetcn APP. *	*本文来自华尔街见闻（微信ID：wallstreetcn），编辑王穆。更多精彩资讯请登陆wallstreetcn.com，或下载华尔街见闻APP。*
As the authorities in major markets of Bitcoin -- such as China, South Korea and the European Union -- take decisive regulatory measures, the digital currency market dominated by Bitcoin has experienced major bloodshed this week. The price of Bitcoin has fallen below 10,000 dollar, recording the biggest one-day drop.	随着中国、韩国和欧盟等比特币主要市场的监管风暴迭起，以比特币为首的全球数字货币本周以来惨遭血洗，比特币价格周二起跌破1万美元心理整数位，并创三年以来最大单日跌幅。
A part from the price correction which is natural in speculation, the current round of digital currency tumble has also to do with the 'sworn enemy'—regulation.	除了投机属性天然引发的价格回调，本轮数字货币惨跌也与一直以来的“宿敌”——监管风险不无关系。
At this important juncture, HowMuch.net, a visualization big data website, produced a map showing the legitimacy of Bitcoin and regulation measure in place in countries around the world.	在这个重要的关口，可视化大数据网站HowMuch.net制作了一份图谱，展现比特币在全球各国的合法性地位和受监管程度。
As shown in the figure below, green represents the legal market for Bitcoin, and orange represents the neutral market. Although there is no place where Bitcoin is acknowledged a legal currency, there are no major restrictions on the use it. The pale pink represents the restricted market, i.e. the local government tries to the use of the digital currency pass by drawing a red line or taking regulatory measures. The deep pink represents countries where Bitcoin is declared as illegal. The gray represents countries that have not yet been rated.	如下图所示，绿色代表比特币的合法市场；橘黄色代表中性市场，虽尚未公开合法化比特币地位，但也没有主要的使用限制；淡粉色代表受限制的市场，即当地政府尝试通过红线政策或监管来方法数字货币的使用；深粉色代表比特币被定义为非法的国家；灰色是尚未置评的国家。
(The above figure was drawn by the HowMuch.Net visualization team on January 15th)	（上图来自HowMuch.Net可视化团队在1月15日制图）
The article points out that from the distribution of non-green color patches in the graph, it can be seen that the oriental countries in the traditional sense are more conservative towards Bitcoin than the West.	文章指出，从图中非绿色的色块分布可以看出，传统意义上的东方国家对比特币的态度比西方更为保守。
Russia is currently the largest country that defines Bitcoin as illegal. China is one of the largest restricted markets for Bitcoin. India is one of the largest countries that have not commented on Bitcoin and have not made relevant policies.	俄罗斯是目前定义比特币为非法的最大国家，中国是比特币最大的受限市场之一，印度是对比特币尚不予置评、还没有出台相关政策的最大国家之一。
North America and Western Europe are the regions that have highest level of tolerance to Bitcoin i.e. where green patches are concentrated.	北美和西欧是对比特币接受程度最高的地区，即绿色块的分布更为集中。
The views of the countries in the Middle East and Latin America on Bitcoin are clearly divided, so, the distribution of color patches in these areas is more mixed.	中东和拉丁美洲各国对比特币的看法呈现明显分化，上述地区的色块分布更为混杂。
Among them, Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Brazil are all legitimate Bitcoin markets. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Bolivia have some restrictions on the trading and use of Bitcoin. Most Latin American countries have not made any comments about Bitcoin.	其中伊拉克、伊朗、土耳其、巴西都是合法的比特币市场，阿富汗、巴基斯坦、沙特、埃及、玻利维亚等对其交易和使用有一定程度的限制，更多的拉美国家对比特币还没有发声。
From the above data, it can be seen that of the 246 countries that have been rated, a total of 99 countries (or 40% of the total) haven't imposed any restrictions on the transactions and use of Bitcoin. They are represented by green and orange patches.	综合上述数据可知，在全球受统计的246个国家中，共有99个国家（或占比40%）对比特币的交易和使用不施加限制，即绿色和橘黄色的地区。
Seven countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (pale pink), 10 countries (or 4%) have defined Bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), and 130 countries (or 53) %) haven't given comments on digital currency (grey).	有7个国家（或占比3%）是受限市场（淡粉色），有10个国家（或占比4%）定义比特币为非法（深粉色），有130个国家（或占比53%）还没有更多的对待数字货币信息（灰色）。
This shows that countries that account for the global majority (53%, more than half) are still indecisive about the legitimacy of digital currencies represented by Bitcoin. This means that the “black swan risk” is still very large for Bitcoin, because some of these countries may ultimately make legislation that restrict the use of digital currencies.	这说明，占全球主体（53%，超过半数）的国家仍在观望以比特币为首的数字货币在境内的合法性，也代表了比特币的“黑天鹅风险”依旧很大，因为其中一部分国家最终可能会作出限制数字货币的立法决定。
The article believes that global regulators have not fully understood the digital currency as a new type of currency. This may be the main reason why most countries have not chosen a stance.	文章认为，全球监管机构对数字货币这个新兴类别还没有完全理解，可能是大部分国家还没有作出表态的主要原因。
Although Bitcoin’s popularity has grown exponentially since last year, it does not necessarily mean that all countries are interested in it. It's probably that some countries are concerned that the local currency may be undermined by digital currencies or that digital currencies are used by criminal organizations.	尽管比特币的“人气”自去年以来呈指数级增长，并不代表所有国家都感兴趣，可能有些国家担心当地法币因此受到威胁，或更担心数字货币被犯罪组织利用。
Wallstreetcn has published an article summarizing the news related to regulation measures against Bitcoin across the world since last week, including: China starts to crackdown on online platforms and mobile APPs of over-the-counter exchanges; South Korea is still considering to close the digital currency exchanges; the European Union holds the view that Bitcoin has not yet been widely accepted and warns investors of the risk of “losing everything”.	华尔街见闻曾撰文详细总结了上周以来针对比特币的国际监管新闻，包括中国开始打击场外类交易所的集中服务在线平台和移动App、韩国仍在考虑关闭数字货币交易所、欧盟认为比特币还没有被广泛接受并警告投资者“赔到血本无归”的风险等。
Wallstreetcn Editor's selection: Reading News | 2018: Global Central Banks Are Ushering Digital Currency? One article points out that 2018 is destined to be the first year of digital currency for central banks across the world, viewing from the perspectives of supervision, acceptance/criticism and adoption.	华尔街见闻主编精选《读要闻|2018：全球央妈开启数字货币元年？》曾提到，从监管、接受/批判、采纳的任一角度来看，2018年都将成为全球央行的数字货币元年。
The act of questioning the legal status of Bitcoin by big countries such as Russia is actually meant to make way for the official issuance of digital currencies.	俄罗斯等大国批评比特币合法性地位的做法，其实也是为了给官方发行数字货币让路。
On January 8th, the Barcelona new aid Philippe Coutinho showed up for the first time in Camp Nou with his Barcelona shirt, the Xinhua News Agency reported in Madrid by reporter Xie Yuzhi.	新华社马德里1月8日电（报道员谢宇智）巴塞罗那新援库蒂尼奥8日在诺坎普首次身披巴萨球衣亮相。
Coutinho passed a physical examination of Barcelona early that morning and signed with Barcelona president Bartomeu a contract that will expire in the summer of 2023.	库蒂尼奥当日上午通过了巴萨的体检，并与巴萨主席巴托梅乌在一份将于2023年夏天到期的合同上签了字。
Then he appeared in the face of nearly 7,000 Camp Nou fans as a Barcelona player.	随后他作为巴萨球员，在诺坎普近7000名球迷面前亮相。
According to a Spanish media, Coutinho's transfer fee may amount to 160 million euros (1 euro≈ 1.77 Chinese yuan), being the highest paid player in the history of Barcelona and La Liga.	据西班牙媒体透露，库蒂尼奥的转会费总额或达到1.6亿欧元（1欧元约合7.77元人民币），是巴萨俱乐部及西甲历史第一身价。
As Coutinho is still injured at the moment, he still need recuperate for nearly 20 days before ushering in his debut in the Barcelona shirt.	由于眼下库蒂尼奥仍有伤在身，他还需休整近20日才能迎来自己身披巴萨球衣的处子秀。
Is nothing sacred?	还有什么神圣的东西？
Now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty	现在特朗普的白宫正在瞄准自由女神像
The surest mark of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.	政权更迭最确定的标志是他们开始攻击雕像之时。
Americans appreciate this as well as anyone - hence the carefully stage-manged toppling of Saddam Hussein in Firdos square in Baghdad in 2003.	美国人和任何人一样都赞同这一点。 因此，2003 年巴格达天堂广场的萨达姆?侯赛因被精心策划地推倒了。
Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically limit legal immigration.	斯蒂芬?米勒 (Stephen Miller) 作为特朗普政府的关键智囊之一，在与美国有线电视新闻网 (CNN) 的吉姆?阿科斯塔 (Jim Acosta) 就总统关于严格限制合法移民的提议进行激烈争论时,他肯定知道自己对自由女神像砍出象征性的一斧会发生什么事情。
In fairness, Miller did not attack the statue itself.	公平地说，米勒并没有攻击雕像本身。
A horde of boat-trip owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he did.	如果他这样做了，那么一群游船业主和自由主义的追随者一定会将他生吞活剥。
But he did attack its meaning, and in particular the meaning ascribed to it when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument itself was completed.	但是他确实攻击了塑像的意义，尤其是在 1903 年埃玛?拉撒路的着名诗歌被刻在基座上时（这座纪念碑在此后17年方建成）而具有的意义。
As Miller scolded Acosta: "I don't want to get off into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American liberty lighting the world.	正如米勒斥责阿科斯塔所说：“我不想在这里谈论历史的全部事实，但自由女神像是美国自由照亮世界的象征......。
The poem that you're referring to, that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty."	你所指的那首诗，那是后来又加上去的，不是原始自由女神像的一部分。”
Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, this is not really about history.	事实上，米勒是正确的，但是正如他自己所说的，这不是真正关于历史。
It is about the contemporary resonance of Lazarus's startling words, the only ones in which a state has appeared to invite not just any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."	这涉及到拉撒路惊世之语的现代回音，唯一一个国家似乎不仅邀请任何老移民，而且还邀请穷人中最贫穷的人：“你的疲惫、你的穷困、或者你的挤作一团的民众渴望自由呼吸，/苦难的人拒绝你拥挤的海滩。”
There has never been a time when the "wretched refuse" has been more visible on our screens.	不存在“苦难的人拒绝”在我们的屏幕变得更刺眼的一刻。
Miller was not engaging in literary criticism - he was making it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's USA.	米勒并没有从事过文学评论工作，他清楚地表明，这些人在特朗普时代的美国不会受到欢迎。
This conflict about the meaning of a statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: it is really a conflict about the meaning of America.	这种关于雕像意义的冲突是更广泛的政治和文化战争的一部分：这实际上是与美国精神相冲突。
Lazarus - and her friends who campaigned to place her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were engaging in a highly political act.	拉扎鲁斯 (Lazarus) ，以及她的、在她去世后举行活动将她的诗句铭刻在基座上的朋友们，很清楚他们正在参与的行为具有高度政治性。
The sculpture was intended to mark the connections between French and American republicanism by representing in a well-worn classical trope, the female embodiment of Liberty.	该雕塑的目的是通过作为自由女神的女性化身的、古老的经典比喻来表达法国和美国共和主义之间的联系。
Lazarus changed that meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has a voice.	拉撒路改变了这个意思：在她的诗中，女性形象不再抽象,她要发声。
And she gives herself a very different name: Mother of Exiles.	她给自己起了一个非常不同的名字：流放之母。
The marrying of the poem to the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.	这首诗与这幅画的结合是一场成功的女权主义政变,并且是对美国本土主义的毁灭性打击。
And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, rightwingers have long wanted to change it back.	就像拉撒路改变雕像的意义一样，右翼者一直想要把它改回原意。
The great loudmouth Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that Liberty is not inviting anyone in, but is rather an early neocon, taking the American flame out to the benighted world: "Lady Liberty is stepping forward.	伟大的演讲者拉什?林博 (Rush Limbaugh) ，是特朗普来临时的一位施洗者，他在 2010 年认为，自由主义并不是邀请任何人，而他现在是一名早期的新保守主义者，将美国的智慧火焰带给愚昧的世界：“自由女神是勇往无前的。
She is meant to be carrying the torch of liberty from the United States to the rest of the world.	她本意是将自由的火炬从美国带到世界的其他地方。
The torch is not to light the way to the United States."	火炬不是照亮美国的道路。”
Rather unusually, Limbaugh actually hit on something.	不同寻常的是，林博实际上被一些东西所打动。
The meaning of the statue is entirely a matter of the angle of perception.	雕像的意义完全取决于认知的角度。
Lazarus's great imaginative act was to see it as it would be seen by exhausted, wretched but hopeful people on the decks of ships after long and often dreadful journeys.	拉撒路极富想象力的做法就是能够看到它。当疲惫的，可怜的但充满希望的人会在经过漫长而往往可怕的旅程后，可以在船甲板上看到它。
It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to better their lives.	从表面上看，这涉及到那些寻求庇护、有机会改善生活的人们看待世界的角度问题。
Her statue speaks back to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.	她的雕像向他们传达且需要他们听到的希望和欢迎的本意。
And of course, this is not the perspective Miller and Trump want ever to recognise.	当然，这不是米勒和特朗普曾想要承认的观点。
Their torch is meant not to light the way, but to inflame the hatreds that are their only source of power.	他们火炬不是为了照亮道路，而是为了点燃他们唯一力量来源的仇恨。
In 2006, Sa Dingding, with her unique musical style, joined Universal Music Group, and became the first Chinese national to sign a contract with Universal Music Group’s headquarters in the UK.	2006年，萨顶顶凭借独特的音乐风格加盟环球唱片，成为与环球英国总部签约的第一个中国人。
World Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of Team GB	2017 年世锦赛：尼尔?布莱克 (Neil Black) 高度表扬了英国国家队中的苏格兰队员
Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when only two Scots made the GB team	艾里德?多伊尔 (Eilidh Doyle) 回忆起当时英国国家队只有两名苏格兰人。
UK Athletics' performance director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent in the World Championships squad will make "a massive contribution to the team."	英国田径协会执行主任尼尔?布莱克表示，世锦赛小组中的由 16 名强壮的苏格兰人组成的分队将对“国家队做出巨大贡献”。
A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.	被挑选参加于周五开幕的 2017 年伦敦田径世锦赛的苏格兰田运动员数量创下历史之最。
Black believes "there's something special evolving" in Scotland and UK athletics must learn from that.	布莱克认为，“苏格兰正取得非同寻常的发展”，英国田径运动员必须从中学习。
"We embrace it and we're trying to understand it and we'll push on that until we work it out," Black said.	“我们接受并设法理解这一点，而且我们会坚持下去直到我们取得成功 ”，布莱克说。
"I speak to people in the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it's something to do with what they've done.	“我找苏格兰体育学院的的人员谈话。他们认为这与他们的作为有关。
Scottish Athletics think it's something to do with what they've done.	苏格兰田径运动员认为这与他们的作为有关。
British athletics: it's something to do with what they've done.	英国田径协会认为这与他们的作为有关。
And the guy on the corner street, too.	就连街头人士也这么认为。
Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."	无论情况如何，这都是极其辉煌的。“
Several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will race against Sir Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle was voted by the squad to be team captain.	多位苏格兰田径运动员是奖牌角逐者，包括劳拉?缪尔 (Laura Muir) 和安德鲁?布查特 (Andrew Butchart) ，他们将在 5,000 米与穆?法拉 (Mo Farah) 一比高低，而艾里德?多伊尔 (Eilidh Doyle) 则被小组选为队长。
"Eilidh is slightly modest.	“艾里德有点谦虚。
Her captain's speech was incredible," says Black.	她的队长演讲真是令人难以置信 ”，布莱克说道。
"A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, walked out of that room feeling hugely proud and really motivated.	“许多田径运动员员，无论他们是否为苏格兰人，或不论在何地生活或训练，走出房门都满怀自豪，干劲十足地走出房门。
The passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally put into it were great."	艾里德自然投入的激情和真感情很不错。”
The Commonwealth silver medallist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championships, says it's "incredible" 16 Scots are in the British team.	这名将在其第五次世锦赛中参加 400 米跨栏比赛的英联邦银牌得主表示，英国国家队中有 16 名苏格兰人，这是“令不可思议的”。
Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.	此前，参加世界大赛的苏格兰田径运动员人数最多为7人，也就是 1983 年和2015年取得的参赛人数。
Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.	中跑选手缪尔是领军人物。在过去一年中创她下了五项英国记录和两项欧洲纪录。
She will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m.	她将参加 1500 米和 5000 米项目比赛。
Chris O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.	参加 1500 米项目比赛的克里斯?奥黑尔则是另一位值得关注的苏格兰选手，之前，她在赛季取得了很好的成绩，分别在英国国家对预选赛和奥运周年赛中获胜。
Doyle remembers her first world championships, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee McConnell.	多伊尔回想起她参加第一次世界锦标赛，当时队里唯一的另一名苏格兰人是李?麦康奈尔 (Lee McConnell) 。
The team captain says she's "hugely proud" of the fact so many of her compatriots have not only made the team, but, in some cases, will be challenging for medals and competing to make finals.	队长说，令她深感自豪的是，她的这么多同胞不但加入团队中，而且在一些情况下，还将挑战奖牌，角逐进入决赛。
"The special thing about being team captain is that it was voted for by the other members of the team, so that it was such a huge honour anyway but to know that your teammates have voted for you and chosen you made it extra-special for me," she added.	“成为国家队队长的特别之处在于它是由国家队的其他队员投票选出的。因此，知道你的队友投票选你去争取极为不寻常的成就，无论如何，对我来说，这都是很大的荣幸”，她补充道。
"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots who've made the team.	“当然，我为所有的苏格兰队员感到非常自豪。
It just shows how far we've come.	这只是表明我们走了多远。
And they're here as well-established athletes, athletes that are going to be looking to get on podiums.	而且他们都是这里的老牌田径运动员，即将朝荣登领奖台的目的迈进的田径运动员。
As for my captain's speech?	我的队长致辞如何？
Yeah, I think it went well.	嗯，我认为它非常棒。
I just drew on the fact that we're very lucky in this situation in that we've got a home World Championships.	我刚才参照这一事实，即在这种情况下，我们是非常幸运的，因为我们在主场举行世锦赛。
So it's really just the importance of drawing on that home support and thriving on the fact that we're back at the Olympic Stadium.	因此，我们借助主场支持，以及因回到奥林匹克体育场而得以壮大，这才真正重要。
I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just going to be such an amazing atmosphere out there."	我将获得第二次机会参加比赛，而那里的氛围将妙不可言。”
In 2016, Huawei had total staff strength of 180,000, with wages amounting to RMB121.8 billion, up 21% year-on-year.	2016年华为员工共18万，雇员费用高达1218亿，同比增长了21%。
Blocking critics from Facebook: Don't run for public office, if you can't take heat from voters	在脸书上屏蔽批评者：如果你不能忍受选民的责难，就不要竞选公职
The father of our country knew something about bad press.	我们的国父了解不良媒体的作风。
Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for newspapers to start slamming him on everything from domestic policy to his political principles.	美国人都爱华盛顿，但不久之后，各大报纸就开始猛烈抨击他的一切，从国内政策到政治原则，一个都不放过。
He chafed at the criticism, sure.	他对这些批评很恼火，毫无疑问。
But he did not silence his critics.	但是他并没有把这些批评者噤声。
Because back in 1783, Washington said, "the freedom of Speech may be taken away - and, dumb & silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter."	因为早在 1783 年，华盛顿就说过，“言论自由被剥夺——我们就会像羔羊一样在沉默和愚昧中被宰杀。”
That brings me to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who needs to work on being more like Washington.	这让我想到了马里兰州的州长拉里·霍根，他需要向华盛顿学习。
Hogan's staff has blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who voiced their opinions on his official Facebook page.	霍根的职员屏蔽并删除了至少 450 人的帖子，因为他们在他的脸书官方主页上发表自己的观点。
And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for that earlier this week.	美国公民自由联盟本周早些时候就此对他提起了诉讼。
The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous, and the online commentary was rich with a "who cares?" backlash.	该州长的职员认为此次诉讼十分草率，网上报道充斥着他们的强烈反抗：“谁在乎？”
"It's only Facebook," plenty of folks said.	很多人说“这只是脸书而已。”
But it matters.	但，这很重要。
And it especially matters when it's a guy like Hogan.	这一点尤其重要，因为面对的是霍根这样的人。
This is a Republican governor in an overwhelmingly Democratic state who is astonishingly popular.	这是一位在一个民主占大多数的州担任州长的共和党人，而且他还出奇地受欢迎。
He has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.	在全国 50 位州长中，他得到的好评位列第二。
Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.	霍根并不是一个反动的急躁分子。
He's shown a steady hand in leading his state and a stern adherence to principles.	他平稳掌管马里兰州，严格遵守规则。
He's also been pretty deft at using Facebook as a primary means to connect with his constituents, playfully debuting his hairless head after chemo treatments on his page.	他也非常善于将脸书作为和选民联络感情的主要方式，戏谑地在主页上首次展示他化疗后的秃头。
So blocking people who come to the governor's page - which is a public forum, labeled as official and administered by staff members paid public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.	所以屏蔽来到州长主页评论的人完全没有必要，最终也十分危险。这个主页是一个公共论坛，是由公众纳税供养的职员标榜的官方管理平台。
In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderating them.	在《华盛顿邮报》的一次采访中，霍根的发言人阿米莉亚·沙斯为这位州长的行为辩护说，她认为屏蔽他们的评论不过是想让他们克制一点。
But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful folks lashing out online.	但是他们过分草率地将其描述为席卷网络的洪水猛兽或愤世嫉俗者。
The Post talked to some of the real people blocked by Hogan.	《华盛顿邮报》与被霍根屏蔽的人面对面交谈过。
And they're just that - real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, a business owner and a pastor, not trolls.	他们只不过是普通人在跟自己选出的领导对话：他们的身份是老师、小企业主和牧师，并不是什么洪水猛兽。
They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.	他们纷纷表示自己的评论有深度、有敬意，并不下流。
The pastor quoted the Bible in his post, appealing to Hogan's Catholic faith.	这位牧师在他的帖子中引用了《圣经》的话，呼吁霍根铭记他的天主教信仰。
Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md., wasn't hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.	马里兰州鲍伊的大律师拉克希米·萨尔马·拉马尼并没有愤世嫉俗，但是她询问了关于仇恨犯罪的问题。
"I politely commented that I was disappointed in his lack of response to hate crimes and other recent news items," she wrote in the comment section of The Post's news story.	她在《华盛顿邮报》的新闻故事评论部分中写道，“我很礼貌地评论道，我对他没有回复仇恨犯罪和其他最近的新闻事件表示失望。
"I also do not appreciate that idea that when a number of people comment on the same topic, they are immediately disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort, rather than recognized as a large group of concerned citizens."	我同样也不喜欢一帮人对同一个话题发表评论，因为这些人会直接被某些人忽视，认为他们是所谓的从众心理，而不是把他们当成一群忧国忧民的公民。”
What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would probably call "advocacy."	州长职员所称的“密集垃圾信息轰炸”在其他人看来可能是“坚持主张”。
The Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.	脸书时代让修改一条信息变得轻而易举，只需要屏蔽一个批评者或删除一条负面评论。
It's a lot cleaner than the old days, when doing the same would have required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arresting and silencing protesters.	而且还清除得远比过去干净，在过去那个年代要做到同样的效果需要派遣职员外出搜集并焚毁带批评言论的报纸或者将抗议者逮捕或噤声。
But that's exactly what's happening, only digitally.	但是那确实是现在正在发生的事，不过是在数字层面上。
Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for defanging Facebook and other social media.	霍根不是第一个因在脸书和其他社交媒体上噤声他人而受到指责的公共官员。
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.	特朗普总统就正被推特用户起诉，因为他在推特上屏蔽了他们。
One of the first landmark rulings on this issue came down last week in Virginia.	上周在弗吉尼亚州出现了一个里程碑式的裁决，就是关于此类问题的。
The chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a constituent from her Facebook page.	据美国亚历山大市的地区法官詹姆斯·c·卡察里斯称，劳登县监督委员会主席从她的脸书主页屏蔽选民的行为违反了第一修正案。
And in Kentucky, Gov. Matt Bevin (R) also got a visit from the ACLU over his use of Facebook and Twitter.	肯塔基州州长马特·贝文 (R) 也因其对脸书和推特的使用而受到美国公民自由联盟的光顾。
This shouldn't be so hard.	这不应该这么难。
In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact much like the Internet.	在华盛顿时代，负担得起的邮费和互联网有着相似的影响力。
The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers hammered his leadership.	新闻报纸的数量在 1776 年到 1800 年间翻了四番，还有人写匿名信猛烈批评他的领导。
And even back then, Washington had anonymous trolls.	而且甚至在那个时候，华盛顿也有针对他的匿名洪水猛兽。
People using the pseudonyms "Juricola," "Valerius," "Belisarius," and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers trashing Washington's decisions.	人们使用尤里克拉、瓦列里乌斯、贝利撒留、波久斯等假名写信给报社严厉批评华盛顿的决策。
Petitions criticizing his stand on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online Papers of George Washington Project.	根据乔治·华盛顿报纸网上项目收集的历史文件记载，他的办公室被请愿书淹没了，都在批评他在和英国签订的《英国国王陛下与美利坚合众国友好、通商与航海条约》上的态度。
But he did not silence them.	但是他没有将他们噤声。
Freedom of speech, dissent and discourse lie at the very foundation of our nation.	言论自由、不同政见自由和演讲自由是这个国家的根基。
And true leadership means accepting that.	而真正的领导者需要接受这一点。
Any movement in the property market would have an impact on the sensibilities of the general public.	楼市一丝丝的风吹草动都牵动着人们的敏感神经。
Purchase quota is a fixed threshold many cities would adopt when implementing real estate control measures.	限购是很多城市房地产调控政策的一道硬杠杠。
In May 2017, Jinan issued regulations stating that undergraduates who make social security contributions consecutively for half a year will be entitled to be treated under the same residential property purchase policies as that of local residents with permanent residency.	2017年5月，济南出台规定，本科生连续缴社保半年，可享有本地常住户口居民同等购房政策；
In June, Wuhan issued policies that stipulate that university students may settle in the city within three years of graduation based on their graduation certificate and employment permit.	6月，武汉出台政策，规定大学生毕业3年内凭毕业证和就业证即可落户。
After the policy was enhanced, officials stated that “university students are entitled to purchase residential property at a 20% discount to market price”.	随后政策加码，官方表示，“大学生可以低于市场价20%的价格买房”；
In July, Chengdu issue regulations stating that young talent with overseas university bachelor’s degree or higher academic qualifications may apply to settle in Chengdu based on their graduation certificate.	7月，成都出台规定，外地大学本科及以上学历的青年人才，凭毕业证即可申请落户成都。
In addition, Kunshan, Lingang in Shanghai, as well as other cities or regions also issued relevant “talent introduction” policies, and lowered the threshold for buying residential property and settling locally for talents.	除此之外，还有昆山、上海临港等城市或区域也出台了 “人才引入”相关政策，对人才购房落户降低门槛。
Zhang Hongwei believed that this was, in fact, large cities competing for population, particularly talent. Only by retaining population, particularly talent, can a city be competitive. This then, was the key significance of these real estate policies.	张宏伟认为，这实际上是各大城市对于人口尤其是人才的争夺，留住人口尤其是人才，城市才具有竞争力，这才是这些房地产政策最重要的意义。
Some even believed that this implied that the time has come to abolish residential property “purchase quotas”.	有人甚至认为，这意味着楼市“限购”取消的时机已到。
Director Derek Yee said that day that he had plans to film for a long time. The first time the screenplay was adapted was in 1999. He was even prepared to get Takeshi Kaneshiro to play the role of Yan Shisan.	尔冬升导演当日表示，拍摄计划由来已久，第一次改编剧本是在1999年的时候，甚至还准备找金城武来饰演燕十三。
Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comforts at Renaissance Club	罗南·拉弗蒂期待在文艺复兴俱乐部享受回家的感觉
Former European No 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.	东洛锡安文艺复兴俱乐部举办第 25 届苏格兰常青公开赛，前欧洲冠军罗南·拉弗蒂将在接下来的三天中享受回家的感觉。
The Northern Irishman, who led next door at Archerfield Links heading into the final round last year before losing out to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and is acting as tournament ambassador on behalf of the club's founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.	这位北爱尔兰人去年带领隔壁的阿彻菲尔德·林克斯挺进了决赛，但最终输给了保罗·伊尔斯。他现在为该新会场工作，代表俱乐部创始人兼首席执行官杰瑞·萨尔瓦蒂担任赛事大使。
"I watched Renaissance Club being built, and we're seeing it come to its glory with this event," said Rafferty.	拉弗蒂说：“我目睹了文艺复兴俱乐部成立，我们也会通过这次比赛见证它的荣光。
"The players will see this course at its finest, it is in fabulous condition.	运动员们将会看到这个球场的最佳面貌和最佳状态。
Jerry has done a fabulous job setting this place up.	杰瑞把这个地方创办得无与伦比。
He's a keen advocate of this game and is proud of his achievement here.	他是此次比赛的热衷拥护者，也对在这里取得成就感到十分自豪。
This is a great showcase for this course."	这是展示这个球场的最佳舞台。”
Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time despite winning on both the European Tour and European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.	英格兰人伊尔斯期待第一次卫冕，尽管在 32 年的职业生涯中，他已同时赢得欧洲巡回赛和欧洲挑战巡回赛。
"This does feel really special," said the Southport-based player.	这位绍斯波特的运动员说：“这确实非常特别。
"I didn't get to defend the Extremadura Open because that was taken off the schedule the year after I won it.	我没有卫冕埃斯特雷马杜拉公开赛，因为在我获胜的第二年，这场比赛就取消了。
Coming back to this part of the world is magical.	来到这个地方感觉很神奇，
It's a wonderful place to play golf in.	在这里打高尔夫非常美妙。
The memories from last year are coming back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win last year.	去年的回忆一一浮现，对我和我的妻子莎伦来说，去年的获胜对我们有着特殊的意义。
It was a really special time and one we will always cherish."	那真的是一次特别的回忆，我们会永远铭记。”
Making his return to action on home soil is Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour after turning 50 earlier this year.	回到故土比赛的是盖瑞·奥尔，他今年早些时候刚满 50 岁，然后还参加了欧洲常青巡回赛。
This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.	这次是他自 2013 年苏格兰高尔夫公开赛起第一次参加苏格兰比赛。
"It always means a little bit more when you're playing at home," said Helensburgh man Orr.	海伦斯堡人奥尔表示：“回家乡比赛总会有更多意义，
"You want to do well; but you do feel that extra pressure.	你想要做好；但是又能感觉到那股额外的压力。
I've really enjoyed playing again and I've played some solid golf.	能够再次比赛我真的很享受，我一直在打高尔夫。
I'm happy with how it's going so far."	我很满意目前的状况。”
Joining the trio in the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior major champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.	加入场内三人组的是前大师赛获胜者伊恩·伍斯南和常青大赛冠军保罗·布罗德赫斯特、罗杰·查普曼、马克·詹姆斯和马克?麦纽提。
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among six Scots in the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.	场上共六位苏格兰运动员，奥尔和前莱德杯队长萨姆·托伦斯是其中之二，另外四位为安德鲁·奥德柯恩、斯蒂芬·麦卡利斯特、比尔·郎缪和罗斯·德拉蒙德。
Admission is free of charge, with car parking charged at £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.	入场免费，停车费为载有一位乘客的每辆车收费 5 英镑，载有两位或多位乘客的每辆车收费 10 英镑。
All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.	所收费用均捐献给前列腺癌慈善组织 Prostate Cancer UK。
Zou Shoumin, Director of the Bureau of Environmental Supervision of the Ministry of Environmental Protection, said on the 22nd in Beijing that on a nationwide basis, 57 cases were subject to consecutive daily fines. The newly amended “Environmental Protection Law”, implemented at the beginning of this year, has significantly enhanced environmental law enforcement efforts in China.	中国环境保护部环境监察局局长邹首民22日在北京介绍，8月份，全国范围内实施按日连续处罚案件共57件，今年初实施的新修订《环境保护法》明显加码中国环境执法力度。
Presently, the environmental protection bureaus across China may use various means of punishment to investigate and deal with conduct in violation of environmental regulations such as impose consecutive daily fines, close down operations and/or distrain, limit or suspend production, and persons held under administrative detention. They will also work together with judicial organs to punish environmental crimes.	目前，中国各地环保机关可使用按日连续处罚、查封扣押、限产停产以及移送行政拘留等处罚手段查处环境违法行为，并与司法机关配合惩治环境犯罪。
Zou Shoumin said that in August, a total of 335 cases were concerned with closing close down operations and/or distrain; 177 cases pertained to limiting or suspension of production; 189 cases were concerned with persons held under administrative detention; and 166 cases pertained to persons held under suspicion of environmental pollution crimes.	邹首民介绍，8月份，中国各地共实施查封、扣押案件共335件；实施限产、停产案件共177件；移送行政拘留共189起，移送涉嫌环境污染犯罪案件共166件。
In particular, Henan imposed consecutive daily fines on seven cases. At present, China is moving from control at the end toward being involved throughout the entire process, intensifying efforts to treat environmental pollution on an all-round basis.	其中，河南实施按日连续处罚7件，当前，中国正在从末端管控至全程嵌入，全面加力环境污染治理。
Although pressures from slower economic growth have emerged, China’s Ministry of Environmental Protection had already made its position clear; China should correctly and appropriately position environmental protection in economic growth, and increase “green determination”. The more economic growth decelerates, the more it should hold fast to environmental protection, and ensure that environmental protection plays a positive role in optimizing the economy.	虽然经济下行压力显现，但中国环保部此前已明确表态，中国应正确处理好环境保护在经济发展中的定位，增强“绿色定力”，越是经济增速下行，越不能放松环保，发挥好环境保护对经济的优化作用。
There’s no peak, only higher. The share price of Kweichow Moutai has continued to set new highs unabated.	没有最高，只有更高，贵州茅台股价在创新高的道路上根本停不下来。
On January 9, A-share “champion” Kweichow Moutai set another new record high, closing at RMB782.52 for the day. Total market capitalization amounted to RMB983 billion, just a stone’s throw from the RMB1 trillion market capitalization mark.	1月9日，A股“股王”贵州茅台股价再次创出历史新高，截至收盘收于782.52元，总市值达9830亿元，距离万亿市值仅一步之遥。
The guidance price of RMB1,499 was RMB200 higher than the previous retail price of RMB1,299.	1499元的指导价较此前1299元的零售价上涨了200元。
On December 28, Kweichow Moutai announced that upon study, it has decided to appropriately hike the price of Moutai liquor products in 2018; on average, the magnitude of the hike would be approximately 18%.	2017年12月28日贵州茅台发布公告称经研究决定，自2018年起适当上调茅台酒产品价格，平均上调幅度18%左右。
This price hike caused Kweichow Moutai shares to soar. A Beijing Morning Post reporter calculated and found that Kweichow Moutai’s share price had increased by RMB95, or more than 14%, over the eight trading days since the company announced its price hike.	此次提价举动刺激了贵州茅台股价飙涨，北京晨报记者统计发现，贵州茅台提价消息宣布的8个交易日以来，贵州茅台股价上涨了95元，涨幅超过14%。
Data showed that the aggregate output value of Guizhou Province for the first to the third quarters of 2017 amounted to RMB950 billion. Maotai’s market capitalization far outstripped Guizhou Province’s GDP for the first three quarters.	统计显示，2017年贵州省1-3季度生产总值为9500亿元，茅台市值将贵州省去年前三季度GDP远远甩在身后。
Driven by Moutai, listed baijiu companies began to introduce price hikes and control supply, enjoying the dividend brought about by consumption upgrading.	在茅台的带动下，白酒类上市公司纷纷开启提价控货节奏，坐享消费升级带来的红利。
2017 year-to-date, the share prices of most listed baijiu companies have continued to soar. In particular, the share prices of Swellfun, Wuliangye Yibin, Shanxi Xinghuacun Fen Wine, and Kweichow Maotai have at least doubled	2017年以来，大多数白酒上市公司股价持续大涨，其中水井坊、五粮液、山西汾酒、贵州茅台等股价涨幅超过一倍。
After entering Microsoft’s real-time dialog translation mode, the screen is divided into two parts. The two users in the dialog may each select their own language.	在进入微软的实时对话翻译模式后，屏幕被分为两等份，对话的两位用户可以各自选择自己那一边的语言。
On the morning of December 21, Kvitova’s operation was completed, and all tendons and two nerves of her five fingers were repaired well.	12月21日早上，科维托娃完成手术，医生修复了她5根手指的所有肌腱和2根神经。
High-level foreign talent with Chinese green cards who found technology enterprises may enjoy “citizen treatment”.	持有中国绿卡的外籍高层次人才创办科技型企业，可享受“国民待遇”。
The first of the “20 measures to further open up and actively utilize foreign investment” states that China would “support high-level foreign talent who hold permanent residence permits found technology related enterprises”.	“二十条”措施中，第一条就是“支持持永久居留身份证外籍高层次人才创办科技型企业”。
Figures from the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that China’s GDP grew 6.9% year-on-year for the first three quarters of 2017, 0.2 percentage points higher than the same period last year. In particular, the growth rates for the first, second and third quarters were 6.9%, 6.9% and 6.8%, respectively. For nine consecutive quarters, GDP growth ranged between 6.7% and 6.9%, maintaining a medium to high rate of growth.	国家统计局数据显示，2017年前三季度中国GDP同比增长6.9%，比上年同期加快0.2个百分点。其中一季度、二季度、三季度分别增长6.9%、6.9%、6.8%，连续9个季度运行在6.7-6.9%区间，保持中高速增长。
On December 20th, Beijing time, Azarenka announced through social media that she had given birth to a child and upgraded to be a mother.	北京时间12月20日，阿扎伦卡通过社交媒体宣布顺利产下一子，升级做了母亲。
Russian media claimed Putin has a new locally produced vehicle: 15% cheaper than a Mercedes Benz	俄媒称普京将拥有国产新专车：单价比奔驰便宜15％
Reference News January 18 report Russian media claimed that Russia’s Minister of Trade and Industry, Denis Manturov, said that the unit price of the automobiles in President Putin’s “motorcade” is priced at RUB6-7 million or higher.	参考消息网1月18日报道 俄媒称，俄罗斯工贸部长曼图罗夫表示，总统普京“车队”的汽车单价从600-700万卢布起。
The budget target is to contain the price at 15% lower than a Mercedes-Benz S class.	预算目标是把价格控制在比梅赛德斯-奔驰S级汽车低15%。
Russia Lianta network reported on January 16 that from the end of February to the end of March, the key R&D unit for the President’s automobiles - Central Scientific Research Automobile and Automotive Engines Institute (NAMI) - will deliver 15 automobiles to the Federal Protective Service.	据俄罗斯连塔网1月16日报道，2月底至3月初，总统座驾的主要研发单位——俄罗斯国家汽车工程研究院（NAMI）将向联邦警卫局交付16辆车。
The report states that the “motorcade” project requires manufacturing three types of vehicles - limousine, three-carriage vehicle and a small passenger vehicle - for the nation’s leader using a the same module platform. The budget allocation for this project is RUB12.4 billion.	报道称，“车队”项目要求用统一模块平台为国家头号人物制造3种汽车——加长轿车、三厢车和小型客车。该项目的预算拨款为124亿卢布。
The report claimed that news of manufacturing the first locally produced limousine in Russia for the President emerged some five years ago. According to the plans of the R&D unit, the new automobile will be equipped with a 800hp engine and armor, and will weigh six tonnes.	报道称，为总统制造苏联以来第一辆国产加长轿车的消息出现在大约5年前。根据研发单位的计划，新汽车将安装800马力发动机和装甲，整车重量为6吨。
It is understood that the engineering and technology team of Germany’s BWM is participating in the R&D of the engine unit.	据悉，德国保时捷公司的工程技术团队参与了动力装置研发。
Elsewhere, according to reports by TASS on January 16, Manturov told reporters that the “motorcade” series of automobiles will be sold externally from 2019. All configured models will be available.	另据塔斯社1月16日报道，曼图罗夫告诉记者，“车队”系列汽车将从2019年起对外零售，各种配置的车型都能买到。
This minister said, “From next year onward, all interested parties may place an order. There are no sale restrictions on any model, whether it is the bullet-proof or the luxury model.”	这位部长说：“从明年开始，所有感兴趣的人都能订购，不管是防弹型还是豪华型，没有任何销售限制。”
Russia’s Ministry of Trade and Industry plans to increase the annual production of the “motorcade” series of automobiles to more than 1 million after 2020.	俄罗斯工贸部计划在2020年后把“车队”系列汽车的年产量提高到1000辆以上。
Manturov said, “Manufacturing 18 units puts us at full capacity now. This year’s output is more than 70 units, with 200 units next year, and 300 or even more the year after.”	曼图罗夫说：“我们现在生产18辆就满负荷了，今年的产量是70辆以上，明年达到200辆，后年300辆甚至更多。”
(Editor/He Yingjun)	（编译/贺颖骏）
Good evening, viewers.	各位观众，晚上好
Today is December 1st, Friday, the 14th day of the 10th month of the lunar calendar, welcome to Xin Wen Lian Bo.	今天是十二月一日星期五，农历十月十四，欢迎收看新闻联播节目
In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.	首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。
Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting and delivered a keynote speech. Wang Huning attended the first plenary session of the dialogue.	习近平出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式并发表主旨讲话，王沪宁出席对话会第一次全体会议。
Xi Jinping met respectively	习近平分别会见
with Myanmar's State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi and President of the Cambodian People's Party and Prime Minister of the government Hun Sen, who came to attend the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting.	前来出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的缅甸国务资政昂山素季和柬埔寨人民党主席、政府首相洪森。
Li Keqiang met with Russian President Putin.	李克强会见俄罗斯总统普京。
Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries.	李克强抵达索契出席上海合作组织成员国总理第十六次会议。
The 12th National Congress of the Chinese Association for the Advancement of Democracy opened in Beijing. On behalf of the CPC Central Committee, Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory message.	中国民主促进会第十二次全国代表大会在京开幕，汪洋代表中共中央致贺词。
The leaders of many countries' political parties visited the Forge Ahead Five-Year Major Achievements Exhibition in Beijing, , where they affirmed the tremendous changes that have taken place in China and shared in the experience of China's development.	多国政党领导人在北京参观砥砺奋进的五年大型成就展，肯定中国巨变，分享中国发展经验。
on the Syria Issue, as both parties to the peace talks begin a closely synchronization conference.	艰难推进，和谈双方开启近距离同步会议
Viewers, today's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast will be roughly 35 minutes.	各位观众，今天的新闻联播节目大约需要三十五分钟。
Next, please watch the details.	接下来请您收看详细内容。
On December 1st, General Secretary of CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting at the Great Hall of the People and delivered	中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平十二月一号在人民大会堂出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式，并发表
a keynote speech entitled "Building a Better World Together"	题为《携手建设更加美好的世界》的主旨讲话
Xi Jinping emphasized that political parties should conform to contemporary development trends, grasp the general trend of human progress,	习近平强调政党要顺应时代发展潮流、把握人类进步大势
to work with all parties to promote the construction of a community with a shared future for mankind.	愿同各方推动构建人类命运共同体的真诚愿望
Political parties play an important role in the political life of countries and are also an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization.	政党在国家政治生活中发挥着重要作用，也是推动人类文明进步的重要力量。
At the end of the year, leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from all over the world gathered in Beijing to discuss plans for cooperation,	年终岁末，来自世界各国近三百个政党和政治组织的领导人齐聚北京，共商合作大计。
Xi Jinping pointed out that humankind is more interconnected than at any time in history, and that at the same time, humankind faces unprecedented global problems.	习近平指出，今天人类生活的关联前所未有，同时人类面临的全球性问题也前所未有。
The future and the destinies of the citizens of every country in the world are increasingly linked.	世界各国人民前途命运越来越紧密地联系在一起。
People of all countries in the world should uphold the concept of one world, understand each other, seek common grounds while reserving differences,	世界各国人民应该秉持天下一家理念，彼此理解、求同存异
and work together to make efforts to build a community with a shared future for mankind.	共同为构建人类命运共同体而努力
I propose the Belt and Road Initiative, that is, to practice the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind.	我提出一带一路倡议，就是要践行人类命运共同体理念。
Xi Jinping stressed that we must strive to build a world free from fear, universally safe, and that upholds a common, integrated, cooperative, and sustainable new conception of security,	习近平强调，我们要努力建设一个远离恐惧，普遍安全的世界，坚持共同、综合、合作、可持续的新安全观。
We must strive to build a world far away from self-isolation, open to others, which uphold the principle that the world is rich and colorful and civilizations are diverse,	我们要努力建设一个远离封闭、开放包容的世界，坚持世界是丰富多彩的、文明是多样的理念。
and allow all civilizations to coexist harmoniously.	让各种文明和谐共存。
We must strive to build a clean and beautiful world with green mountains and clear waters, and adhere to the concept of symbiotic coexistence between man and nature, and jointly create a harmonious and livable	我们要努力建设一个山清水秀、清洁美丽的世界，坚持人与自然共生共存的理念，共同营造和谐宜居的
home for humanity	人类家园
that seek common ground while reserving differences, respect one another, and learn from each other's experiences on the basis of a new type of international relations.	建立求同存异、相互尊重、互学互鉴的新型政党关系。
We should build a network of international political parties for exchange and cooperation in various forms and at various levels, and bring together powerful forces to build a community with a shared future for mankind.	搭建多种形式、多种层次的国际政党交流合作网络，汇聚构建人类命运共同体的强大力量。
We need to accomplish our own tasks well, which itself is a contribution to building a community with a shared future for mankind.	我们要把自己的事情做好，这本身就是对构建人类命运共同体的贡献。
We must also create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development.	我们也要通过推动中国发展给世界创造更多机遇。
We do not import foreign models nor export the Chinese model, and we will not ask other countries to copy Chinese practices.	我们不输入外国模式，也不输出中国模式，不会要求别国复制中国的做法。
First,	第一
the Chinese Communist Party will make contributions to the peace and tranquility of the world.	中国共产党将一如既往为世界和平安宁作贡献。
China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation, and mutual benefit. It will unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and actively promote the building of a global partnership,	中国将高举和平、发展、合作、共赢的旗帜，始终不渝走和平发展道路，积极推进全球伙伴关系建设。
and actively participate in the process of political settlement of difficult hot-button international issues.	主动参与国际热点难点问题的政治解决进程。
No matter to what degree China is developed, it will never become a hegemon and or engage in expansionism.	中国无论发展到什么程度，都永远不称霸，永远不搞扩张。
By the middle of this century, China will build a prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious, and beautiful socialist modern power.	到本世纪中叶中国将建成富强民主文明和谐美丽的社会主义现代化强国。
This will benefit the Chinese people, and benefit all the peoples of the world as well.	这将造福中国人民，也将造福世界各国人民。
We call on all political parties in the world to work with us to create more opportunities for cooperation for the world, and strive to promote the common prosperity and development of all countries in the world.	我们倡议世界各国政党同我们一道，为世界创造更多合作机会，努力推动世界各国共同发展繁荣。
The Chinese Communist Party has always stressed the importance of establishing a global perspective, actively learning from the achievements of civilization by the people of all countries in the world, and applying the same in the light of China's actual conditions.	中国共产党历来强调树立世界眼光，积极学习借鉴世界各国人民创造的文明成果，并结合中国实际加以运用。
and support the people of all countries in strengthening humanistic exchanges and people-to-people friendship.	开展对话和交流合作，支持各国人民加强人文往来和民间友好。
to institutionalize the high-level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party and global political parties so that they can become a platform for high-level political dialogue with broad representation	将中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会机制化，使之成为具有广泛代表性和国际影响力的
and international influence.	高端政治对话平台
Confucius, an ancient Chinese thinker,	中国古代思想家孔子
said that	说过
there are three friendships which are advantageous. Friendship with the upright; friendship with the sincere; and friendship with the observant.	益者三友，友直，友谅，友多闻。
The Chinese Communist Party hopes to make friends all over the world.	中国共产党愿广交天下朋友。
For a long time, the CPC has maintained regular contacts with more than 400 political parties and political organizations in more than 160 countries and regions in the world.	长期以来，中国共产党同世界上一百六十多个国家和地区的四百多个政党和政治组织保持着经常性联系。
share experiences in governing the party and state,	分享治党治国经验
and enhance mutual strategic cooperation with other people in the world	增进彼此战略性的
The CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting focuses on the responsibility of building a community of shared future for mankind and jointly building beautiful global political parties. Leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations in over 120 countries, altogether more than 600 Chinese and foreign representatives, attended the meeting.	中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会以构建人类命运共同体、共同建设美好世界政党的责任为主题，来自一百二多个国家的近三百个政党和政治组织的领导人共六百多名中外方代表与会。
State Counselor of Myanmar Aung San Suu Kyi, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Federation's General Committee Reznianek, Treasurer of the U.S. National Republican Committee Anthony Parker,	缅甸国务资政昂山素季，俄罗斯统一俄罗斯党总委员会主席团副书记热列兹尼亚克，美国共和党全国委员会司库安东尼帕克。
and Vice President of Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front and Deputy Prime Minister of the government Demeke respectively addressed the plenary session and spoke highly of Xi Jinping's proposal to build a community with a shared future for mankind	埃塞俄比亚人民革命民主阵线副主席、政府副总理德梅克在全体会议上分别致辞，高度评价习近平关于构建人类命运共同体
that concern both of our core interests and major concerns.	彼此理解、相互支持、协调配合。
The pragmatic cooperation in all fields has made positive progress, and the relations between our two countries have maintained a healthy momentum of sound and steady development.	各领域务实合作取得积极进展，两国关系保持健康稳定发展的良好势头。
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese party and government will, as always, adhere to the principle of friendship with Myanmar and view bilateral relations from	习近平指出，中国党和政府将一如既往地奉行同缅甸友好方针，从战略高度和长远角度
a strategic and long-term perspective.	看待两国关系
We are willing to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction for the development of bilateral relations and implement all consensuses reached by both sides,	我们愿同缅方一道，牢牢把握中缅关系发展正确方向，落实好双方达成的各项共识。
actively explore new points of growth for cooperation in building the economic corridor between China and Myanmar, and promote the sound and rapid development of bilateral relations	积极探讨建设中缅经济走廊等新的合作增长点，推动中缅关系又好又快发展
Xi Jinping said that the 19th National Congress held in October this year is of great strategic significance to China.	习近平表示，今年十月召开的中共十九大对中国具有重大战略意义。
The Congress summed up all the work since the 18th CPC National Congress.	大会总结了中共十八大以来的各项工作。
It also regarded constructing a community with a shared future for mankind as a new direction of China's diplomatic efforts.	并将构建人类命运共同体作为新时代中国外交努力方向。
Myanmar-China relations have a special significance for Myanmar. We have a long history of people-to-people friendship.	缅中关系对缅方而言具有特殊重要意义，我们有历史悠久的民间友好情谊。
There has also been close cooperation in mutual trust and respect for one another in recent years. We thank General Secretary Xi Jinping for attaching such great importance to the relations between the two countries. We fully feel the sincere friendship between the Chinese party and the government.	也有近年来相互信任、彼此尊重的密切合作，感谢习近平总书记对缅中关系的高度重视，我们充分感受到了中国党和政府的真诚友好情谊。
Xi Jinping said Prime Minister Hun Sen is a good friend, old friend, and true friend of the Chinese party and people.	习近平表示，洪森首相是中国党和人民的好朋友、老朋友、真朋友。
At present, relations between China and Cambodia are at their best in history.	当前，中柬关系处于历史最好时期
Mutual political trust between the two countries has been continually enhanced, practical cooperation has continued to expand, and humanistic exchanges have become increasingly closer, which has brought tangible benefits to both peoples.	双方政治互信不断增强，务实合作持续扩大，人文交流日益密切，为两国人民带来了实实在在的利益。
Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia, and we hope both sides will take this opportunity to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries to push forward the in-depth development of bilateral relations and long-term stability.	明年是中柬建交六十周年，希望双方以庆祝两国建交六十周年为契机，推动两国关系深入发展、行稳致远。
Cambodia has always given China strong support.	柬方始终给予中方坚定支持
China has always supported Cambodia in taking a development path that matches its own national conditions and supported the Cambodian government's efforts	中方一贯支持柬埔寨走符合本国国情的发展道路， 支持柬政府
China is ready to work with Cambodia to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and fully utilize the politically leading role of exchange between the two parties in relations between the two countries,	中方愿同柬方一道，积极拓展两国战略合作，发挥两党交往对两国关系的政治引领作用。
expand the depth of pragmatic cooperation, strengthen cooperation in the areas of defense and law enforcement and security, promote humanitistic exchanges, and work closely in cooperation and collaboration in multilateral mechanisms, such as the United Nations, East Asian cooperation, and Lancang-Mekong cooperation	拓展务实合作广度深度，加强防务及执法安全领域合作，促进人文交流，密切双方在联合国
to work together to build an unbreakable community for a shared Sino-Cambodian future.	东亚合作、澜湄合作等多边机制中的协调和配合，携手打造牢不可破的中柬命运共同体。
It made major political judgments on the socialism with Chinese characteristics entering into a new era, pointed out new changes in major social conflicts and defined	作出了中国特色社会主义进入新时代的重大政治判断 ，指出了社会主要矛盾的新变化，明确了
Hun Sen extended warm congratulations to Xi Jinping for winning the support of the entire party and the people throughout the country and for being reelected as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee.	洪森对习近平得到全党全国人民拥护、再次当选中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺。
He spoke highly of China holding this grand meeting of global political parties, a dialogue meeting between the Chinese Communist Party	高度评价中方举办中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会
He said that China is a close partner of Cambodia with a high degree of confidence and full trust. Cambodia is satisfied with the relations between Cambodia and China.	他表示，中方是柬方高度信任和充分信赖的亲密伙伴，柬方对柬中关系感到满意。
and continue to improve our own ability and level of governance	不断提升自身执政能力和水平
Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.	丁薛祥、杨洁篪等参加上述会见。
On the 29th of November local time, Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Kremlin in Moscow.	国务院总理李克强当地时间十一月二十九号 ，在莫斯科克里姆林宫会见俄罗斯总统普京。
Li Keqiang first conveyed President Xi Jinping's sincere greetings and good wishes to President Putin.	李克强首先转达了习近平主席对普京总统的诚挚问候和良好祝愿。
Li Keqiang said that President Xi Jinping met with Putin in a successful meeting in Da Nang, Vietnam, shortly after the closing ceremony of the 19th CCP National Congress.	李克强表示，中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会闭幕后不久，习近平主席同普京总统在越南岘港成功会晤。
Li Keqiang pointed out that at present, the economic cooperation between the two countries is taking solid steps. Cooperation in traditional areas has been continuously pushed forward and cooperation in new areas also made progress.	李克强指出，当前两国经济合作正迈出坚实步伐，传统领域合作持续推进，新领域合作也取得进展。
China hopes to reinforce the connection between the Belt and Road Initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.	中方愿将一带一路倡议同欧亚经济联盟加强对接。
Li Keqiang stressed that China is ready to step up its communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.	李克强强调，中方愿同俄方加强在国际事务中的沟通协调。
We will work closely for cooperation within multilateral frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization to help seeking advancement while stabilizing cooperation in the region	密切在上海合作组织等多边框架内的合作， 共同助力地区合作稳中求进
and work to inject constructive force into the peaceful development of the world.	为世界的和平发展注入建设性力量
Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to Russia to attend the Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries.	普京欢迎李克强来俄出席上海合作组织成员国总理会议。
He expressed that	他表示
at present, the trade between Russia and China has enjoyed good growth momentum and that cooperation in energy, transport infrastructure, agriculture and local areas has been actively promoted.	当前俄中贸易增长势头良好，能源、交通基础设施、农业、地方等领域合作积极推进。
The Eurasian Economic Union and the Belt and Road Initiative are complementary.	欧亚经济联盟和一带一路倡议具有互补性。
We hope that both sides will lead well in development strategy and better realize win-win, mutually beneficial cooperation.	希望双方对接好发展战略，更好实现互利双赢。
Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern.	双方还就共同关心的国际和地区问题交换看法。
Viewers, this is Russia's Sochi International Airport. At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Medvedev, Premier Li Keqiang arrived here on the noon of the 30th, local time,	各位观众这里是俄罗斯索契国际机场， 应俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫邀请当地时间三十号中午国务院总理李克强抵达这里。
to attend the 16th Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries. Senior officials of the Russian government and the Chinese ambassador in Russia, Li Hui, welcomed him at the airport.	出席上海合作组织成员国总理第十六次会议， 俄罗斯政府高级官员和中国驻俄罗斯大使李辉等在机场迎接。
Li Keqiang said that since its establishment 16 years ago, the SCO	李克强表示，上海合作组织成立十六年来
has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity.	已经成为维护地区安全稳定、促进共同发展繁荣的重要平台。
I look forward to meeting with all parties in Sochi, the Pearl of the Black Sea, to sort out the results and tap potential after the first SCO enlargement.	我期待同各方齐聚黑海明珠索契，在上合组织首次扩员后，共同梳理成果，挖掘潜力。
At this new starting point,	在新的起点上
On the afternoon of November 30th local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Tajikistan Prime Minister Rasulzoda, Pakistani Prime Minister Abbasi and Uzbekistan Prime Minister Aripov in their hotel in Sochi.	当地时间十一月三十号下午，国务院总理李克强在索契下榻饭店会见塔吉克斯坦总理拉苏尔佐达，巴基斯坦总理阿巴西，乌兹别克斯坦总理阿里波夫。
Rasulzoda said that China is welcome to continue to participate in power development, natural gas pipelines, transport facilities, and other important projects of Tajikistan.	拉苏尔佐达表示，欢迎中方继续参与塔电力开发、天然气管道、交通设施等重要项目。
Tajikistan hopes to provide preferential policy support for Chinese enterprises.	塔方愿为中国企业提供优惠政策支持。
When meeting with Abbasi, Li Keqiang said that China willl uphold its high level of political sincerity, explore the construction of a free trade area with Pakistan,	在会见阿巴西时李克强表示 ，中方愿秉持高度的政治诚意，同巴方探讨自贸区建设
promote the balanced development of trade between the two countries, and promote cooperation between the two countries.	促进双方贸易平衡发展， 推动两国企业加强合作。
We thank Pakistan for its security guarantee provided to Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan.	感谢巴方对中国在巴企业和公民提供的安全保障
China is ready to continue its cooperation in security and defense with Pakistan and make contributions to regional peace and stability.	中方愿同巴方继续开展安全防务合作， 为地区和平稳定做出贡献。
Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan as an official member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for its first time to attend the prime ministerial meeting and is willing to continue close communication and coordination with Pakistan in the multilateral agencies and regional affairs	李克强指出，中方欢迎巴基斯坦首次作为上海合作组织正式成员参加总理会， 愿继续同巴方密切在上合组织等多边机构
such as the SCO.	和地区事务中的沟通协调
Abbasi said that the at present, the economic corridor construction in Pakistan and China is proceeding smoothly.	阿巴西表示，当前巴中经济走廊建设进展顺利。
Pakistan will continue to make every effort to promote corridor construction	巴方将继续全力推进走廊建设
When meeting with Aripov, Li Keqiang said President Xi Jinping held a meeting with President Mirziyoyev, who has visited China in May of this year.	在会见阿里波夫时李克强表示，习近平主席同今年五月访华的米尔济约耶夫总统举行会晤。
Uzbekistan is ready to make joint efforts with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower, and other fields so as to promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation.	乌方愿同中方共同努力，加强交通设施、水电等领域合作，推动两国关系与合作全面发展。
Uzbekistan hopes to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the SCO framework.	乌方愿加强两国在上合组织框架内合作。
The decisions on the Provisional Regulations will be implemented from the date of its promulgation.	暂行条例的决定， 自公布之日起施行。
In accordance with the plan of the Central Party Committee and the State Council, a pilot project to replace the business tax with a value-added tax was launched in 2012 and was fully launched from May 1, 2016.	按照党中央国务院的部署，二零一二年启动营业税改征增值税试点， 二零一六年五月一号全面推开。
After launching the pilots to replace the business tax with a value-added tax,	全面推开营改增试点后
the service fields previously having a business tax have uniformly levied value-added taxes. The business tax that has been implemented for more than 60 years has been virtually eliminated,	原来施行营业税的服务业领域已统一征收增值税，实质上全面取消了实施六十多年的营业税 。
and delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.	并代表中共中央致贺词
The congratulatory speech pointed out that since the 18th CPC National Congress, the party and the country have made historic achievements, and historic changes have taken place.	贺词指出， 中共十八大以来，党和国家事业取得了历史性成就、 发生了历史性变革。
The united front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.	统一战线和多党合作作出了重要贡献。
Over the past five years, the China Association Promoting Democracy has upheld the principle of providing assistance to the ruling party, fulfilling its duties for the country, and serving the people,	五年来，民进秉持为执政党助力、为国家尽责、为人民服务的使命担当
conduct extensive and in-depth investigations and studies, actively offer suggestions and opinions,	广泛深入调研，积极建言献策
and make new contributions to implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education, the strategy of strengthening the country by employing qualified personnel and the strategy of innovation-driven development,	为实施科教兴国战略、人才强国战略、创新驱动发展战略等作出新贡献。
accurately grasp the requirements of building socialist participating parties with Chinese characteristics, earnestly perform the functions of participating in politics and discussing politics, supervising democratically and participating in the political consultation under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.	准确把握建设中国特色社会主义参政党的要求，切实履行好参政议政、民主监督、参加中国共产党领导的政治协商职能。
and promote a new level of self-building.	推进自身建设迈上新台阶
Zhang Baowen, Vice President of the NPC Standing Committee and President of the NLD, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the Democratic Parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.	全国人大常委会副委员长、民盟中央主席张宝文代表各民主党派中央、全国工商联致贺词。
Yan Junqi, Executive President of the presidium of the General Assembly, delivered a working report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the People's Republic of China.	大会主席团常务主席严隽琪代表民进第十三届中央委员会作工作报告。
Liu Yandong, You Quan, Qiangba Puncog, Zhang Qingli,	刘延东、尤权、向巴平措、张庆黎
and the review has approved the Articles (Amendments) of the China Association Promoting Democracy, and will select the 14th Central Committee of the China Association Promoting Democracy.	审议通过《中国民主促进会章程（修正案）》， 选举中国民主促进会第十四届中央委员会。
In news delivered to this station, in tomorrow People's Daily, the article "Making Unremitting Efforts Towards the Goal of Building a Cyberpower, the Strategic Review On General Secretary Xi Jinping's Leadership on Promoting a Cyberpower" will be published.	本台消息明天出版的人民日报将发表《朝着建设网络强国目标不懈努力，习近平总书记引领推动网络强国战略综述》。
and the Forge Ahead Five-Year Major Achievements Exhibition.	和砥砺奋进的五年大型成就展
We regard China as the world's future development direction. In particular, Marxism-Leninism is not a dogma. It is a philosophy, and must be adapted to the development of the country itself.	我们将中国视为世界未来的发展方向，特别是马克思列宁主义并不是一种教条它是一种哲学，必须适应国家本身的发展。
This is what the Chinese Communist Party is doing.	这就是中国共产党正在做的
The 16th National Congress of Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party was closed in Beijing on December 1. The conference successfully completed its entire agenda, and voted upon and approved	中国农工民主党第十六次全国代表大会十二月一号在京闭幕，大会圆满完成各项议程，表决通过了
the Resolution of the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, Resolution on the Report of the 15th Central Committee.	中国民工民主党第十六次全国代表大会决议， 中国民工民主党第十六次全国代表大会， 关于第十五届中央委员会报告的决议。
comprehensively strengthen self-construction, and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, and	全面加强自身建设， 坚决贯彻落实农工党十六大各项工作部署。
with a new spirit and high-spirited attitude	以崭新的精神面貌和昂扬的奋斗姿态
write a brilliant chapter worthy of a new era.	谱写无愧于新时代的灿烂篇章
The review has approved the amendment to the constitution of the Jiu San Society and decided to submit it to the 11th National Congress of Jiu San Society for review.	审议通过九三学社章程修正案并决定提交九三学社第十一次全国代表大会审议。
to help more than 10,000 tourists return home safely.	已经协助一万多名游客安全回国
At present, the airport in Bali is still temporarily open.	截至目前，巴厘岛机场仍处于临时开放状态。
Thanks to changing wind direction, volcanic ash from the Agung volcano began to spread southward,	由于风向改变，阿贡火山喷出的火山灰 开始向南扩散
affecting the airport in Bali and air routes.	影响到巴厘岛机场及航路
To ensure safety, airline flight crews assisting stranded tourists to return home have made plans for the impact of	为了保障安全，前往协助滞留游客回国的各航空公司机组对火山灰影响
As the Agung volcano is still erupting, the local airport may also be closed at any time, and the airline reminds passengers to return as soon as possible.	由于阿贡火山还在持续喷发，当地机场还可能随时关闭， 航空公司提醒旅客尽快回国。
The volcano erupted violently in 1963,	这座火山一九六三年剧烈喷发
killing more than a thousand people.	曾造成一千多人死亡
We cannot predict whether this eruption will be larger than the 1963 eruption.	我们无法预测此次喷发是否会比一九六三年的那次规模更大。
However, according to our assessment, there is still a high possibility of a massive eruption.	但根据我们的评估，出现大规模喷发的可能性依然很高。
Since the evening of the 29th, there have been 57 flights of Chinese and foreign airlines to help Chinese tourists in Bali to return home.	从二十九号晚上开始，已经有五十七架中外航空公司班机，协助巴厘岛中国游客回国。
Finally, we came back and got off the plane. Our mood is better when returning to our own country.	终于回来，下了飞机，到了自己的国家的心情也好
It is said that among all foreign tourists stranded in Bali, China has the largest number, accounting for about a quarter.	据了解滞留巴厘岛的外国游客中，中国游客最多，约占四分之一。
At present, most Chinese tourists have already returned to China.	目前大部分中国游客都已经回国。
Tonight, there will be 10 flights to help stranded tourists returning home.	今晚，还将有十架飞机陆续前往协助滞留游客回国。
Xinwen Lianbo news bulletins are next.	下面请看联播快讯。
Today, the Xinjiang Oilfield Company of the China National Petroleum Corporation officially announced that they have discovered the world's largest reserves of conglomerated oil fields in the center of the Mahu Area in the Junggar Basin. The tertiary petroleum reserves discovered exceed 1.2 billion tons.	今天，中石油新疆油田公司正式发布， 在准噶尔盆地玛湖凹陷中心区发现世界储量最大的砾岩油田，已发现的三级石油地质储量超过十二亿吨 。
Among which, 520 million tons of reserves are proved to be crude oil.	其中探明五点二亿吨原油储量
in parallel sessions.	分别同步与叙政府和反对派代表团进行了会谈
The end date of this peace talks will be postponed to December 15.	而本轮和谈的结束日期将推迟至十二月十五号。
This round of peace talk is held under new conditions, given that extremist groups have been annihilated from their main forces in Syria.	本轮和谈是极端组织在叙利亚境内主要力量被歼灭的新形势下召开的。
Today, an agricultural training institute in Peshawar, a city in northwestern Pakistan, was attacked. Several attackers camouflaged themselves and entered the institute and exchanged fire with Pakistani security personnel when they arrived.	巴基斯坦西北部城市白沙瓦的农业培训学院今天遭袭，多名袭击者伪装后潜入学院，并与赶到的巴基斯坦安全人员发生交火。
Four attackers were killed. The attack resulted in the death of nine students and the wounding of dozens of others. The injured were sent to a nearby hospital for treatment.	四名袭击者被击毙。袭击事件导致九名学生身亡，数十人受伤，伤者已被送往附近医院治疗。
The Taliban in Pakistan has claimed the responsibility for the attack.	巴基斯坦塔利班已经宣称对袭击负责。
An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale hit southeast Iran today, injuring more than 30 people.	伊朗东南部地区今天发生里氏六点一级地震，已造成三十多人受伤。
The epicenter of the earthquake was in the province of Coleman, with a focal depth of about 10 kilometers. The earthquake also damaged more than 30 houses.	地震震中位于科尔曼省境内，震源深度在十公里左右，地震还造成三十多间房屋受损。
He hopes to substantially increase the share of non-energy income in the Russian economy to reduce the impact of fluctuations in the oil market on the economy of Russia.	他希望大幅提高非能源领域收入在俄经济中的比重，以减小石油市场波动对俄经济的影响。
Since 2014, due to the sanctions imposed by the West on Russia and drastic fluctuations in the international oil price, the Russian economy has been under great downward pressure.	二零一四年以来，受西方对俄制裁和国际油价大幅波动影响，俄经济面临较大下行压力。
In both 2015 and 2016,	二零一五年和二零一六年
The rescue timetable has been extended more than twice to locate survivors.	为了找到生还艇员，救援时间已经延长了两倍多。
Some experts pointed out that because the time has exceeded the theoretical reserves of oxygen in the submarine,	有专家指出 由于失联时间已经超过了潜艇氧气理论储备时间
and unexplained explosions have been detected in the vicinity of the watershed, these crew members are very unlikely to have survived.	加上失联附近海域被检测到有不明原因的爆炸发生，这些艇员幸存的可能性非常低。
Today, an explosion in a chemical plant occurred in Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan,	日本静冈县富士市一个化工厂今天发生爆炸事件
killed one person and injured 11, of which three were seriously injured.	已导致一人死亡，十一人受伤，其中三人伤势严重。
Due to possible harmful substances in the black smoke caused by the explosion and subsequent fires, the local government has issued evacuation instructions to surrounding residents.	由于爆炸以及之后的火情引发的黑烟中可能含有有害物质，当地政府已向周边居民下达避难指示。
Good evening, viewers.	各位观众晚上好。
Good evening.	晚上好。
Today is Saturday, December 2, also is October 15 of the lunar calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.	今天是十二月二号星期六农历十月十五，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
In tonight's program, we cover	今天节目的主要内容有。
General Secretary Xi Jinping’s opening speech which commenced a high-level dialog between the CPC and other world political parties.	习近平总书记在中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式上的主旨讲话赢得热烈反响。
Li Keqiang attended the 16th session of the Meeting of Prime Ministers and Heads of Government for Member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.	李克强出席上海合作组织成员国政府首脑总理理事会第十六次会议
Li Keqiang respectively met with the Russian Prime Minister, Kyrgyzstan Prime Minister,	李克强分别会见俄罗斯总理、吉尔吉斯斯坦总理
Belarusian Prime Minister, Prime Minister of Kazakhstan and Chief Executive Officer of Afghanistan,	白俄罗斯总理、哈萨克斯坦总理和阿富汗首席执行官
Zhang Dejiang met collectively with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties	张德江集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的部分
and met with guests from Japan and the United States respectively.	外方代表汪洋分别会见日本和美国客人。
The 15th National Congress of the China Party for Public Interest was opened. Wang Huning, on behalf of the CPC Central Committee, delivered a congratulatory message.	中国致公党第十五次全国代表大会开幕，王沪宁代表中共中央致贺词。
Wang Huning met collectively with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party	王沪宁集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的
Flynn, Assistant to the former President for National Security Affairs, admitted that he gave a false testimony to the FBI.	前总统国家安全事务助理弗林承认曾经向联邦调查局作伪证。
Detailed reports are next.	接下来请看详细报道。
On December 1, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and President Xi Jinping made a keynote speech at the opening ceremony fior the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties and he pointed out that	十二月一号，中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平在中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式上发表主旨讲话指出
The future and the destinies of the citizens of every country in the world are increasingly linked.	世界各国人民前途命运越来越紧密地联系在一起。
There should be a unified idea throughout the globe where all people of the world can can understand each other.	世界各国人民应该秉持天下一家理念，彼此理解。
Attending representatives of foreign parties agreed with Xi Jinping’s proposal to promote building a community who believe in a shared future for mankind who can build a better world together.	出席对话会的外国政党代表高度认同习近平关于推动构建人类命运共同体，携手建设美好世界的主张。
They believe that	认为
this shows the determination and responsibility of the Chinese Communist Party in building a better world.	这展现出中国共产党建设美好世界的决心与担当。
We should strive to build this planet where we were born and grow into a harmonious family where our shared yearning for a good life for all the people of the world can be turned into a reality.	努力把我们生于斯、长于斯的这个星球建成一个和睦的大家庭，把世界各国人民对美好生活的向往变成现实。
Facing nearly 300 leaders from political parties and political organizations, Xi Jinping comprehensively and systematically expounded the profound idea of a community that shares a positive future for mankind.	面向世界近三百个政党和政治组织领导人，习近平全面系统阐述人类命运共同体的深刻内涵。
Xi Jinping pointed out that the world is changing and the pattern of development is changing.	习近平指出，世界格局在变，发展格局在变。
All political parties must conform to the trend of the times and closely integrate their own development with the development of the country, the nation	各个政党都要顺应时代发展潮流，把自身发展同国家、民族、人类的发展
There is also the shared aim in making a contribution toward the common development of the world and the exchange and mutual recognition of world civilizations.	一如既往为世界共同发展作贡献，一如既往为世界文明交流互鉴作贡献。
Xi Jinping’s speech clearly proclaimed China’s commitment to building a community of a shared future for mankind and, as the largest political party in the world, demonstrated the world’s unified feelings and responsibilities.	习近平的讲话明确宣示了构建人类命运共同体的中国承诺，彰显了中国共产党作为世界上最大政党的天下情怀与担当。
In his speech, Li Keqiang said that at the Astana Summit in June this year, President Xi Jinping reached an important consensus with all parties on consolidating mutual trust, strengthening cooperation for security, connecting development strategies and deepening exchanges for the betterment of humanity.	李克强在讲话时表示，今年六月阿斯塔纳峰会上，习近平主席同各方就巩固团结互信、加强安全合作、对接发展战略、深化人文交流等达成重要共识。
After the summit, China took over the rotating presidency.	峰会后，中方接任轮值主席国。
With active support from all parties, it is necessary to promote the steady development of cooperation in various fields.	在各方积极支持下，推动各领域合作稳步发展。
Li Keqiang put forward the following suggestions on how to create a regional and national community of a shared future for mankind.	李克强就打造地区国家命运共同体提出以下建议。
First, a safe and stable regional environment must be created.	第一，塑造安全稳定的地区环境。
Second, the development for strategic docking and cooperation must be accelerated.	第二，加快发展战略对接合作。
Development is an effective way to deal with the factors of regional conflicts and geopolitical instability.	发展是应对地区冲突和地缘政治不稳定因素的有效途径。
Third, the level of trade liberalization and facilitation is to be enhanced.	第三，提升贸易自由化便利化水平
We must steadily promote trade liberalization and facilitation and accelerate the signing of the SCO Agreement on Trade Facilitation.	稳步推进贸易自由化便利化，加快商签《上合组织贸易便利化协定》。
Fourth, a fast and convenient connected pattern must be built.	第四，构建快捷便利的联通格局。
Fifth, the in-depth development on capacity and innovation cooperation is to be promoted.	第五，推进产能与创新合作深入发展。
Sixth, ties of cultural exchanges and cooperation are to be tightened.	第六，系牢人文交流合作纽带。
Li Keqiang stressed that since the beginning of this year, China’s economy has shifted to a phase of high-quality development, which will bring new opportunities for the cooperation between China and the SCO countries.	李克强强调，今年以来，中国经济已转向高质量发展阶段，将为中国与上合组织国家的合作带来新机遇。
China will put its own development in connection with the development of the countries in the region and integrate its own security with the security of the countries in the region.	中国将把自身发展同地区国家发展对接起来，把自身安全同地区国家安全融合起来。
On December 1 local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian Prime Minister Medvedev, Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Isakov,	当地时间十二月一号，国务院总理李克强在索契分别会见俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫、吉尔吉斯斯坦总理伊萨科夫。
continue to show their roles for the SCO, contribute to provide wisdom and strength for building a community of a shared future for mankind in the region and promote an open and inclusive development for lasting peace throughout the world.	继续发挥上合组织的平台作用，为共同构建地区命运共同体、促进世界的开放包容发展与持久和平贡献智慧和力量。
When meeting with Isakov, Li Keqiang said he hopes both sides will continue to follow the principle of the market and speed up cooperation on cross-border transport infrastructure and construction,	在会见伊萨科夫时，李克强表示，希望双方继续遵循市场化原则，加快推进有关跨境交通基础设施建设合作。
During his meeting with Kobyakov, Li Keqiang said he hopes both China and Belarus will further strengthen the docking of development strategies, give full play to their complementary advantages and tap the potential for economic, trade and investment cooperation.	在会见科比亚科夫时，李克强表示，希望中白双方进一步加强发展战略对接，发挥互补优势、挖掘经贸、投资合作潜力。
Kobyakov said that Belarus will participate in the International Import Expo which will be held in China next year, and hopes to set 2018 as the year of a rise in tourism between China and Belarus and to expand tourism cooperation and the exchange of tourism in young people.	科比亚科夫表示，白方将参与明年在华举办的国际进口博览会，希望将二零一八年确定为白中旅游年，扩大旅游合作和青少年交流。
During his meeting with Sagintayev, Li Keqiang said he hopes both China and Kazakhstan will continue to work together	在会见萨金塔耶夫时，李克强表示，希望中哈双方继续共同努力。
to implement the various consensuses they had reached	落实业已达成的各项共识
and strengthen its discussion of relevant achievements and experiences, push forward pragmatic cooperation between both sides, especially the cooperation in capacity-building to make greater strides forward.	并加强对有关成果和经验的梳理，推动双方务实合作，特别是产能合作以更大步伐向前迈进。
Sagintayev said Kazakhstan is willing to actively implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries and create favorable conditions for further promoting cooperation in maintaining capacity.	萨金塔耶夫表示，哈方愿积极落实好两国领导人达成的重要共识，为进一步推进产能合作创造良好条件。
During his meeting with Abdullah, Li Keqiang said China supports Afghanistan in its governmental efforts to safeguard national security and stability.	在会见阿卜杜拉时，李克强表示，中方支持阿民族团结政府维护国家安全稳定的努力。
to work hard together to establish a stable and safe regional environment and promote long-term peace and stability in the region at an early date.	共同努力致力于稳定安全的地区环境建设，早日推动实现区域长治久安
Abdullah said that	阿卜杜拉表示
On the afternoon of the same day, Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly visited the Winter Olympic Games venue in the Olympic Park in Sochi.	李克强当天下午同梅德韦杰夫共同参观了索契奥利匹克公园的冬奥会场馆。
Li Keqiang said that China is now fully preparing for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games.	李克强表示，现在中国正在全力筹办二零二二年北京冬奥会。
Premier Li Keqiang left Sochi and senior officials from the Russian government went to the airport to say their farewells.	李克强总理离开索契回国，俄罗斯政府高级官员到机场送行。
On the morning of December 2, the Premier of the State Council Li Keqiang successfully attended the Sixth Summit of Heads of Government from China and Central and Eastern European Countries held in Budapest, Hungary,	十二月二号上午，国务院总理李克强在成功出席于匈牙利布达佩斯举行的第六次中国中东欧国家领导人会晤
He took the special plane back to Beijing.	第十六次会议后，乘专机回到北京。
between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties in the Great Hall of the People.	部分兼任议会领导职务的外国政党领导人
Zhang Dejiang said that at the meeting where the high-level dialog was held, General Secretary Xi Jinping fully elaborated the concept and proposition of the Chinese Communist Party	张德江说，习近平总书记在高层对话会上全面阐述了中国共产党
to promote the construction of a community of a shared vision for mankind and indicated that the Chinese Communist Party has made it its mission to make new and greater contributions to mankind.	推动构建人类命运共同体的理念和主张，表明了中国共产党把为人类作出新的更大贡献作为自己的使命。
On the afternoon of the 1st, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, met respectively with the delegation of Japan's Komeito Party leader	中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋一号下午在中南海紫光阁分别会见了日本公明党党首
When President Xi Jinping met with Prime Minister Abe a short while before, he pointed out that the key to improving Sino-Japanese relations lies in mutual trust.	习近平主席前不久会见安倍首相时指出，改善中日关系关键在于互信。
Both sides should implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries	双方要落实好两国领导人的重要共识
and constantly increase the positive interaction and create an environment of pragmatic cooperation.	不断增加正向互动，创造务实合作的环境
The Chinese Communist Party is ready to work with all major Japanese political parties, including the Komeito Party	中国共产党愿同包括公明党在内的日本各主要政党一道
to enhance mutual understanding and trust and actively make efforts on improving the development of Sino-Japanese relations for the benefit of the people of both countries.	增进相互理解和信任，为改善发展中日关系、造福两国人民积极努力。
When meeting with the delegation of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations, Wang Yang said that during President Trump's visit to China, the heads of state of the two countries reached a series of important consensuses,	会见美中关系全国委员会代表团时，汪洋表示，特朗普总统访华期间，两国元首达成一系列重要共识
The 15th National Congress of the China Party for Public Interest was opened in Beijing on the 2nd.	中国致公党第十五次全国代表大会二号在北京开幕。
Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with all the participants	中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁会见全体与会代表。
that promoted the four comprehensive strategic layouts, and carried out in-depth investigations and studies on the construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, the promotion of innovation of science and technology, the assistance of winning the fight on poverty alleviation,	协调推进四个全面战略布局，在服务一带一路建设、推动科技创新驱动、助力打赢脱贫攻坚战
to safeguard their rights and interests and make greater efforts to promote the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics in a new era to realize the reunification of the motherland.	维护侨海权益，为推进新时代中国特色社会主义事业、实现祖国统一作出更大贡献
The CPC Central Committee believes that	中共中央相信
the new central leadership of the China Party for Public Interest will certainly be able to hold high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and unite closely around the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.	致公党新一届中央领导机构一定能够高举中国特色社会主义伟大旗帜，紧密团结在以习近平同志为核心的中共中央周围
comprehensively strengthen the construction of a socialist political party with Chinese characteristics and unite and lead the vast numbers of members in making a new contribution to building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and launch a new journey in building an	全面加强中国特色社会主义参政党建设，团结带领广大成员在决胜全面建成小康社会、开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程中
all-round modern socialist nation.	作出新贡献
Lin Wenyi, Vice President of the CPPCC National Committee and President of the Central Committee of the Taiwan Democratic Self-Government League, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of all democratic parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.	全国政协副主席、台盟中央主席林文漪代表各民主党派中央和全国工商联致贺词。
Yang Yanyin, Director of the Subcommittee of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Compatriots and overseas Chinese individuals, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Chinese units affiliated to the Central Government.	全国政协港澳台侨委员会主任杨衍银代表中央涉侨单位致贺词。
Wan Gang, Executive President of the Presidium of the General Assembly,	大会主席团常务主席万钢
made a working report on behalf of the 14th Central Committee of the China Party for Public Interests.	代表中国致公党第十四届中央委员会作工作报告
The review committee has approved the Amendment to the Constitution of the China Party for Public Interest and elected the 15th Central Committee of the Party.	审议通过《中国致公党章程修正案》，选举致公党第十五届中央委员会。
On the 2nd, Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties in Beijing.	中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁二号在北京集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的部分外国政党领导人。
Wang Huning said that General Secretary Xi Jinping made a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the high-level dialog meeting and called on all political parties in the world to jointly play a leading role in building a community of a shared future for mankind	王沪宁表示，习近平总书记在高层对话会开幕式上发表主旨讲话，呼吁世界各国政党共同为构建人类命运共同体
and better world.	和建设美好世界发挥引领作用
To take up this mission, it is crucial for political parties to strengthen their own foundation and construction.	政党要承担起这一使命，关键要加强自身建设
Since the 18th CPC National Congress,	中共十八大以来
to comprehensively enhance its governing capabilities and achieved remarkable results.	全面增强执政本领，取得显著成效
It was stated that they are willing to exchange experiences with other political parties in this regard.	我们愿与各国政党就此加强经验交流互鉴。
Foreign parties spoke highly of General Secretary Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the dialog meeting.	外方高度评价习近平总书记在对话会上的主旨讲话。
They highly agree with the great initiative that world political parties should jointly promote the construction of a community of a shared future for mankind and a better world which was proposed by General Secretary Xi Jinping.	高度认同习近平总书记提出的世界政党携手推动构建人类命运共同体、建设美好世界的伟大倡议。
In other news, today, the People’s Daily published a op-ed with the topic of Jointly Creating a Brighter Future for Mankind	本台消息，今天出版的人民日报发表评论员文章，题目是共同开创人类更加光明的未来。
Deepening the reform of the state oversight system is a major political structural reform related to the overall situation.	深化国家监察体制改革是事关全局的重大政治体制改革。
The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party has made a new major deployment which was launched across the country and	党的十九大报告作出新的重大部署
From the 19th National People’s Congress to the completion of the establishment of the county and city commission, whether Dandong can take a positive first step in the reform of the national supervision system will be seen.	从十九大作出部署到县市区监察委员会组建完成，丹东能否把全国监察体制改革中的第一步迈好。
The time of such urgent work and the high standards of such work call for more than just sitting in and commanding from an office.	这种紧迫的工作的时间和这种工作的高标准高要求，不能再坐到办公室来指挥啦。
They need to go to the front line to guide the scene first-hand and solve the problem.	都必须到一线去现场指导，现场解决问题
With the implementation plan template and flow chart for the county level reform pilot	带着县一级改革试点实施方案模板和流程图
The work report of the 19th CPC National Congress made clear arrangements for the reform of the state supervisory system and preparations for the construction of the supervisory commission of various localities are also being conducted in full swing.	工作不断党的十九大报告对国家监察体制改革做出了明确部署，各地监察委筹建工作也都在紧锣密鼓地进行当中。
Up to now, the commissions in Qingshan District of Baotou City of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Kangping County, Shenbei New District and Liaozhong District of Shenyang City of Liaoning Province have also been set up.	截至目前，内蒙古自治区包头市青山区、辽宁省沈阳市康平县、沈北新区、辽中区等地监察委员会也已经挂牌成立。
In Waipokeng village of Shaoxing, Zhejiang, presenters were sitting on the bench and talking with villagers about the strategy on how to achieve rural revitalization.	在浙江绍兴外婆坑村，宣讲人坐在小板凳上和村民聊如何实现乡村振兴战略。
What is the relationship between this report and our village and our family?	这个报告内容到我们村到我们家有什么关系
I think that there is a major relationship. First, in your home, you must use it to create a high quality lifestyle.	我觉得关系大了，第一个你们家里首先要素质高。
Right? And the income should be higher and higher.	对不对，收入高还要步步高。
As soon as the strategy for rejuvenating the country is implemented, there will be more and more new approaches to new industries and these new industries will reach the villages.	我告诉大家，这个只要乡村振兴战略一实施，村庄里的新产业新业态新门路会越来越多。
The presenter made it clear that cultivation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress was carried out in ordinary people.	宣讲员把十九大精神讲得明白，老百姓的收获实在。
That is to say, we have transformed the spirit of the 19th National Congress	也就是我们把十九大的一个精神有
In recent years, with the rapid development and gradual popularization of the Internet and its related technologies, the vitality and potential of Internet technology innovation in our country	近年来，随着互联网及其相关技术的迅猛发展和逐步普及，我国互联网技术创新活力和应用潜力
are constantly increasing. The innovation and practice of social governance continues to be promoted. The role of Internet-based innovation in social development	正在不断地释放，社会治理创新实践持续推进，基于互联网的创新在社会发展当中的作用
is increasingly prominent.	日益凸显
In a Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Longgang District, Shenzhen City, in the early morning, there were dozens of pregnant women who have been pregnant for about twelve weeks waiting for an important test.	在深圳市龙岗区妇幼保健院，一大早就有数十位怀孕十二周左右的准妈妈在等待接受一项重要的检查。
Up to now, this test has been provided to over 2.4 million people, of which more than 17,000 were positive samples.	截至目前，该项检测服务已突破二百四十万例，其中检测出阳性样本量达到一点七万多例。
This means that big data is the foundation and source of our innovation. In the future, we hope to effectively promote this integration of smart, personal life data and the information industry.	说明大数据是我们创新的基础和源泉，那么将来的话我们是希望能够有效推动像这个人功智能生命数据信息产业的一个整合。
This will enable new technologies that can benefit mankind and achieve more benefits for people’s livelihood.	能够让新科技造福人类实现更多的民生普惠。
The country's first Internet court was listed in Hangzhou in August this year.	全国首家互联网法院今年八月在杭州挂牌。
The original writer of the TV series Empresses in the Palace sued NetEase cloud reading platform which makes it the first case of its kind.	电视剧《甄嬛传》原著作者状告网易云阅读平台，成为其开庭审理第一案。
In the court, the plaintiff’s seat, the dock and the clerk’s seat had disappeared, they were replaced by a screen that filled the entire wall.	庭审现场，原告席、被告席和书记员席都消失了，取而代之的是一块占满整面墙的屏幕。
By clicking the mouse, the Judge can view the relevant evidence at any time, greatly improving the efficiency of the trial.	审判员点击鼠标，就可以随时查看相关证据，大大提高了审判效率。
The establishment of the Hangzhou Internet Court is a major institutional innovation in the judicial work that proactively adapts to the trend of Internet development.	杭州互联网法院的设立，是司法工作主动适用互联网发展趋势的
It is a strong impetus for innovation in building a powerful network.	重大制度创新建设网络强国需要创新的强力驱动。
Now, people are familiar with the innovative products for service, such as shared cycling, e-commerce and smart tourism	现在人们耳熟能详的共享单车、电子商务、智慧旅游等服务创新的产物
and they are constantly enriching people's desire and demand for a better life.	正不断丰富人民对美好生活的向往和需求
A series of leading technological innovations, such as cloud computing, big data, high-end chips and quantum communications,	云计算、大数据、高端芯片、量子通信等一系列领先技术创新
of innovation on the Internet means that we should deepen our cooperation in all fields of our economy and in all fields of society, and promote such innovation in a wider range.	互联网创新里面很大程度上是说和我们经济各个领域、社会各个领域更深度得去结合，促进了更大范围的这种这种创新。
Yesterday, the amended norms of cash loans were released, with prominent issues from cash loan such as over loans, repeated credit, improper collection,	昨天，现金贷规范整顿方案发布，将对现金贷存在过度借贷、重复授信、不当催收
abnormally high interest rates and violations of personal privacy will be vigorously rectified.	畸高利率、侵犯个人隐私等突出问题大力整顿。
New regulations stated that no organization or individual may operate loaning businesses without obtaining the qualification for engaging in loaning business in accordance with the law.	新规明确，未依法取得经营放贷业务资质，任何组织和个人不得经营放贷业务。
on the interest rates on private loans.	关于民间借贷利率的规定。
Neither agencies nor entrusted third-party agencies may collect loans through violence, intimidation, humiliation,	各类机构或委托第三方机构均不得通过暴力、恐吓、侮辱、诽谤、骚扰等方式
New petty loan companies will be suspended from carrying out small loan businesses across the province, district and city.	暂停新增批小额贷款公司跨省、区、市开展小额贷款业务
Approval of opening on these establishments will be suspended	已经批准筹建的，暂停批准开业
for those approved institutions that do not meet the relevant provisions.	对于不符合相关规定的已批设机构
The plan also regulated the off-balance-sheet financing of small loan companies, the participation of licensed financial institutions in cash loans, and so on.	方案还对小贷公司表外融资、持牌金融机构参与现金贷行为等进行了规范。
Recently, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced that it has stepped up its supervision on the use of high-yields and transfer of large-capped shares, the lifting of restricted shares and the long-term absence of cash dividends by some listed companies.	证监会日前发布，对一些上市公司利用高送转配合大股东减持、限售股解禁，以及长期没有现金分红的铁公鸡等行为
Once any illegal activities are found, they shall be severely dealt with according to law without any leniency.	加大监管力度，一旦发现违法违规行为，依法严肃处理，绝不姑息。
The Zhengzhou to Fuyang high-speed railway engineering control and the continuous beam of the Zhou Huai Bridge across the New Canal were closed today. They use segmented prefabricated plastic assembly technology	郑州至阜阳高速铁路控制性工程，周淮特大桥跨新运河连续梁今天合龙，它采用节段预制胶接拼装技术
to divide the 412.5 meters long, 12.9 meters wide, with a total weight of 15,000 tons of continuous beams into 96 sections.	将长四百一十二点五米、宽十二点九米，总重量一万五千吨的连续梁分成九十六个节段
and make all trips safe and civilized.	安全文明出行。
Jiangsu, Yunnan, Hubei, Shanghai and other places have conducted activities, such as creating real simulations of civilized transportation and sending small yellow cabs to schools, to promote traffic safety	江苏、云南、湖北、上海等地举行了送文明交通实景体验、小黄帽到学校等主题活动，宣传交通安全
and war-wounded treatment and achieved a comprehensive shift from medicine in the field to full-factorization.	战伤救治等科目进行训练，实现了野战医疗向全要素的综合转变
This year, the Ministry of Agriculture conducted a nationwide search for the most beautiful agricultural technological workers.	今年，农业部在全国范围内开展了寻找最美农技员活动。
will focus on the upstream and downstream industry chains of the animation industry in three days and promote the combination of cultural creativity and the market.	对动漫产业的上中下游产业链进行集中展示，并促进文化创意和市场的结合。
Next up, a look at international news.	接下来关注国际方面的消息
The assistant to the former President for National Security Affairs Flynn admitted that he had given a false testimony before the FBI on personal contacts with Russia.	美国前总统国家安全事务助理弗林一号承认，就个人与俄罗斯方面的接触向联邦调查局作伪证。
And he said that he would cooperate with the investigation of Robert Mueller, the special prosecutor of the Ministry of Justice who is responsible for the investigation of the incident on Russia.	并表示将配合负责通俄门事件调查的司法部特别检察官罗伯特米勒的调查。
The prosecution document said Flynn had lied on two calls when testifying before the FBI. He said he did not ask	起诉文件说，弗林在向联邦调查局作证时就两次通话说谎，他称自己在去年十二月二十二号的电话中
the Russian side to postpone the Security Council-related vote through Kislyak on the phone on December 22nd last year. During the phone call on the 29th of the same month,	没有通过基斯利亚克要求俄方推迟安理会相关投票，在同月二十九号的电话中
he did not ask Russia to avoid aggravating tensions between the United States and Russia through Kislyak, either.	也没有通过基斯利亚克要求俄方避免加剧美俄关系紧张
Flynn pleaded guilty when he was in court that day, and expressed his willingness to cooperate with the investigation.	弗林当天在法院出庭时认罪，并表示愿意配合调查
It is reported that his verdict will be announced in February next year.	据悉，对他的判决将于明年二月宣布。
that Flynn’s plea and his allegations do not involve anyone other than himself.	弗林的认罪和有关他的指控除了他个人以外不涉及任何其他人。
On December 1, Turkey ordered the arrest of Graham Fuller, a former CIA official, on the pretext of involvement in the attempted military coup in Turkey last year.	十二月一号，土耳其以涉嫌参与去年土耳其发生的未遂军事政变为由，下令逮捕美国中央情报局前官员格雷厄姆富勒。
The arrest warrant says Fuller was in Turkey when the attempted coup occurred in July last year	逮捕令说，去年七月土耳其发生未遂政变时，富勒就在土耳其
After the failure of the attempted coup,	富勒在政变图谋失败后
Fuller left Turkey.	离开土耳其。
Participants in the attempted coup killed nearly 250 people.	此次未遂政变造成近二百五十人丧生。
The Turkish government accused the coup dominator as a Turkish religious person, Gulen, who lives in the United States now	土耳其政府指责政变主谋是现居美国的土耳其宗教人士居伦
On the 1st, Al-Jaafari, head of the Syrian government delegation who is participating in the peace talk on the Syrian issue in Geneva, said that the government delegation would be back home on the 2nd.	一号，正在日内瓦参加叙利亚问题和谈的叙政府代表团团长贾法里表示，政府代表团二号启程回国。
remains the problem of the state of Syrian President Bashar.	仍然是叙利亚总统巴沙尔的去留问题。
Before this round of peace talks, in a statement issued in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, the Syrian opposition forces	本轮和谈开始前，叙利亚反对派在沙特利雅得发表的声明中
insisted that the political transition should start with the fall of Bashar.	坚持要求政治过渡要以巴沙尔下台为开端。
to make this competition a grand festival in international sports and will not be affected by any international situations.	将这次比赛办成国际体育界的盛大节日，不受任何国际形势影响
The World Cup will be held in eleven cities such as Moscow and Sochi	世界杯比赛将于二零一八年六月十四号至七月十五号
from June 14 to July 15, 2018.	在莫斯科、索契等十一个城市举行。
This concludes tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast. Thank you for watching.	今天的新闻联播节目播送完了，感谢您收看
For more news, visit the CCTV news website. For the download address, search “CCTV News +”. Goodbye.	更多的新闻资讯你还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可以搜索央视新闻加，再见。
the Beijing Initiative.	北京倡议
Zhejiang has both inherited and promoted the spirit of the Red Ship and encouraged agents and the people to forge ahead in their work at the forefront.	浙江传承弘扬红船精神，激励干部群众奋发进取干在实处走在前列。
After various stages with different results, over 1.1. Billion mu of contracted land has been provided for contracted management in rural China.	我国农村承包地确权取得了阶段性成果，已经有超过十一亿亩承包地完成确权。
Detailed reports are next.	接下来请看详细报道。
In Chinese news, the Fourth World Internet Conference was opened on the morning of the 3rd in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province.	本台消息，第四届世界互联网大会三号上午在浙江省乌镇开幕。
And sincerely welcome all the delegates, heads of international organizations and experts, scholars and entrepreneurs who attended the conference.	向出席会议的各国代表、国际机构负责人和专家学者、企业家等各界人士表示诚挚的欢迎。
We hope that everyone can pool their wisdom, enhance a meaningful consensus, deepen the exchange and cooperation between the Internet and the digital economy, and make the development of the Internet a better place for the benefit of	希望大家集思广益、增进共识，深化互联网和数字经济交流合作，让互联网发展成果更好造福世界。
of all people throughout the world.	各国人民
Xi Jinping pointed out in his congratulatory message that at present, a new technological and industrial revolution represented by information technology is in its infancy, with a strong momentum into economic and social development.	习近平在贺信中指出，当前，以信息技术为代表的新一轮科技和产业革命正在萌发，为经济社会发展注入了强劲动力。
At the same time, the development of the Internet has also brought many new challenges to the power, security and development interests of all countries in the world.	同时，互联网发展也给世界各国主权、安全、发展利益带来许多新的挑战。
The global Internet governance system reform has entered a crucial period.	全球互联网治理体系变革进入关键时期。
The international community is reaching a broad consensus for building a common cyberspace for the entire world.	构建网络空间命运共同体日益成为国际社会的广泛共识。
China advocates five principles and four proposals in the hope of working with the international community to respect network power and promote partnerships.	我们倡导四项原则五点主张，就是希望同国际社会一道，尊重网络主权，发扬伙伴精神。
Xi Jinping emphasized the program of action and a blueprint for socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era that was discussed previously at the 19th National People’s Congress of the CPC. It proposed building	习近平强调，中共十九大制定了新时代中国特色社会主义的行动纲领和发展蓝图，提出要建设
and promoted the in-depth integration of the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy. It also spoke of developing the digital economy and shared economy and cultivating new growth points and forming a new momentum.	推动互联网、大数据、人工智能和实体经济深度融合，发展数字经济、共享经济，培育新增长点、形成新动能。
China’s door will only open wider and wider.	中国对外开放的大门不会关闭，只会越开越大。
Wang Huning attended the opening ceremony and delivered a keynote speech.	王沪宁出席开幕式并发表主旨演讲。
He said that President Xi’s letter of congratulations fully embodies the profound insight into the global Internet development trend,	他表示，习近平主席的贺信，充分体现了对全球互联网发展趋势的深刻洞察。
as well as an accurate grasp of the laws governing the development of cyberspace, and the sincere desire for China to join hands with the rest of the world in developing the Internet and the digital economy.	对网络空间发展治理规律的准确把握，对中国同世界各国携手发展互联网和数字经济的真诚愿望。
It not only poses new requirements for the development of China’s Internet but also provides new opportunities for China to carry out network cooperation with other countries throughout the world.	不仅对中国互联网发展提出了新的要求，也为中国同世界各国开展网络合作提供了新的机遇。
to promote openness, cooperation, exchange of ideas and sharing of cyberspace and to jointly establish a cyberspace community with a shared future.	推动网络空间开放、合作、交流、共享，携手共建网络空间命运共同体
We should encourage innovation and creation, enhance the vitality of development, promote open cooperation,	要鼓励创新创造、增强发展活力，促进开放合作
build a good order and establish a safe, stable and prosperous cyberspace.	构建良好秩序，建设安全稳定繁荣的网络空间。
Huang Kunming read Xi Jinping's congratulatory letter at the opening ceremony.	黄坤明在开幕式上宣读了习近平的贺信
Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand Prajin Juntong, Deputy Prime Minister of Mongolia Enkhtuvshin,	泰国副总理巴金詹东、蒙古国副总理恩赫图布辛
UN Deputy Secretary-General Liu Zhenmin, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, Father of the Internet Robert Kahn,	联合国副秘书长刘振民、苹果首席执行官蒂姆库克、思科首席执行官罗卓克、互联网之父罗伯特卡恩
The 4th World Internet Conference was held from December 3 to December 5 with the theme of Developing a Digital Economy, Promoting Openness and Sharing, and Working Together to Build a Cyberspace for a Shared Future.	第四届世界互联网大会十二月三日至五日举行，主题为发展数字经济促进开放共享，携手共建网络空间命运共同体。
More than 1,500 delegates from over 80 countries and regions, including government representatives, heads of international organizations, leaders of Internet companies, celebrities from the Internet, experts and scholars,	来自五大洲八十多个国家和地区的政府代表、国际组织负责人、互联网企业领军人物、互联网名人、专家学者等
attended the meeting.	共一千五百多名嘉宾参加大会。
Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand Prajin, Deputy Prime Minister of Mongolia Enkhtuvshin, former French Prime Minister De Villepin, Apple CEO Cook, and Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins respectively	中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁三号在浙江乌镇分别会见泰国副总理巴金、蒙古国副总理恩赫图布辛、法国前总理德维尔潘。
in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province on the 3rd.	苹果公司首席执行官库克、思科公司首席执行官罗卓克。
China is willing to strengthen their exchange of experiences of Internet governance with Thailand.	中方愿同泰方加强互联网治理经验交流。
Prajin said that Thailand cherishes the friendship between Thailand and China and is ready to make a joint development strategy with China.	巴金表示，泰方珍视泰中友好，愿同中方对接发展战略。
They will promote the formation of an open, fair and secure cyberspace.	推动形成开放、公正、安全的网络空间。
When meeting with Enkhtuvshin, Wang Huning said that China is willing to work with Mongolia to deepen mutual political trust	在会见恩赫图布辛时，王沪宁表示，中方愿同蒙方深化政治互信
and take care of each other's core interests and major concerns and implement the important consensus reached by leaders of the two countries.	照顾彼此核心利益和重大关切，落实好两国领导人重要共识。
Enkhtuvshin said that the development of relations with China is a priority for Mongolia's diplomacy. Mongolia upholds the one-China policy	恩赫图布辛表示，发展对华关系是蒙古国外交优先方向，蒙方坚持一个中国政策
When meeting with De Villepin, Wang Huning said that China always attaches great importance to developing Sino-French relations and China-EU relations from a strategic perspective.	在会见德维尔潘时，王沪宁表示，中方始终从战略高度重视发展中法和中欧关系。
Both parties should make joint efforts to promote the development of global Internet governance in a more just and reasonable direction.	双方应该共同努力促进全球互联网治理向更加公正合理方向发展。
De Villepin said that while congratulating China on entering a new era, he will continue to devote himself to developing cooperation between France and China and Europe and promote cooperative fields, such as bilateral cyberspace governance.	德维尔潘表示，祝贺中国进入新时代，他将继续致力于发展法中和欧中关系，促进双方网络空间治理等领域合作。
When meeting with Cook, Wang Huning expressed his affirmation of the role played by Apple in the development and cooperation of the digital economy between China and the United States.	在会见库克时，王沪宁对苹果公司为中美数字经济发展和合作发挥的作用表示肯定。
He said that China and the United States share broad common interests in the network area and both parties should work together to build a community of a shared future in cyberspace.	他说，中美在网络领域拥有广泛共同利益，双方应共同构建网络空间命运共同体
Cook said Internet security management is important, and Apple appreciates that China has opened up their policy.	库克表示，互联网安全管理很重要，苹果公司赞赏中国的开放政策。
He is willing to promote cooperation between Internet companies in both countries.	愿促进两国互联网企业合作
When meeting with Chuck Robbins, Wang Huning said that technology is the guarantee of cyberspace governance.	在会见罗卓克时，王沪宁表示，技术是网络空间治理的保障。
The 11th National Congress of the Jiu San Society opened on December 3rd in Beijing	九三学社第十一次全国代表大会十二月三号在北京开幕
Zhao Leji, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, met with the participants and delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.	中共中央政治局常委赵乐际会见与会代表，并代表中共中央致贺词。
They gave full play to the intellectual superiority of sectors and talents, conducted in-depth investigations and studies, put forward many important opinions and suggestions, and provided an important reference for the scientific decision-making of the party and the government.	充分发挥界别和人才智力优势，深入调查研究，提出许多重要意见和建议，为党和政府科学决策提供了重要参考。
The congratulatory message said that	贺词说
in accordance with the spirit of the 19th NPC, the Chinese Communist Party will constantly adhere to and improve the system of multi-party cooperation and political consultation led by the Chinese Communist Party.	中国共产党将按照中共十九大精神，坚定不移坚持和完善中国共产党领导的多党合作和政治协商制度。
They will consistently implement the principle of long-term coexistence, mutual supervision and treatment of each other with the same interests, honor, and continuously support the democratic parties to better fulfill their functions in accordance with the requirements of the participating parties for socialism with Chinese characteristics.	坚定不移贯彻长期共存、互相监督、肝胆相照、荣辱与共的方针，坚定不移支持民主党派按照中国特色社会主义参政党要求更好履行职能。
It is hoped that the Jiu San Society will deepen their study, promotion and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the CPC, enhance the 4 awarenesses, strengthen the 4 self-confidences, and give full play to the characteristics and advantages of the intensive intellectual and talent pool of science and technology.	希望九三学社深入学习宣传贯彻中共十九大精神，增强四个意识，坚定四个自信，发挥科技界智力密集、人才荟萃的特点和优势
The CPC Central Committee believes that the new leadership at the Jiu San Society will definitely be able to shoulder the heavy responsibility that history has entrusted onto them and the vast majority of its members.	中共中央相信，九三学社新一届中央领导机构一定能够肩负起历史赋予的使命和广大成员的重托。
They will constantly create new situations for the Jiu San Society.	不断开创九三学社工作新局面
Vice President of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, President of the Presidium of the 12th National Congress of the China Association for Promoting Democracy Yan Junqi	全国人大常委会副委员长、民进第十二次全国代表大会主席团常务主席严隽琪
delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committees for All Parties in the Democratic Party and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.	代表各民主党派中央和全国工商联致贺词
Han Qide, Executive President of the Presidium of the conference, delivered a report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society.	大会主席团常务主席韩启德代表九三学社第十三届中央委员会作工作报告。
Guo Shengkun, You Quan, Arken Imirbaki, Wang Zhengwei and Wang Zhizhen attended the opening ceremony.	郭声琨、尤权、艾利更依明巴海、王正伟以及王志珍出席开幕会
The conference members will listen to and consider the working report of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society.	本次大会将听取和审议九三学社第十三届中央委员会工作报告。
The Amendment of the Jiu San Society was approved in the review, and the 14th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society was selected.	审议通过《九三学社章程修正案》，选举九三学社第十四届中央委员会。
Today, the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties was closed in Beijing and passed the Beijing Initiative.	中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会今天在北京闭幕，通过《北京倡议》。
The dialog attracted nearly 300 leaders of political parties and political organizations from over 120 countries, covering different political systems, different cultural backgrounds and different ideologies.	此次对话会吸引了一百二十多个国家的近三百个政党和政治组织领导人与会，涵盖不同政治制度、不同文化背景和不同意识形态。
During the dialog, the General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech, where he comprehensively expounded the Chinese proposal of building a community of a shared future for mankind and building a better world.	对话会期间，中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平发表主旨讲话，全面阐述构建人类命运共同体，建设美好世界的中国主张。
The participating parties, both from developed and developing countries, think this is crucial.	与会的政党不论是发达还是发展中国家都认为这点至关重要。
The meeting adopted the Beijing Initiative and emphasized that mutual trust should be enhanced among political parties, there should be strengthened communication and	会议通过北京倡议强调政党间应增进互信加强沟通
As the largest political party in the world, the Chinese Communist Party has continuously kept up with the pace of progress and led China to gain world-class development achievements.	中国共产党作为世界上最大的政党，不断隔间与进步，带领中国取得世界瞩目的发展成就。
They provide public goods, for example. Today, China is stronger and more confident than ever before. China is committed to solving the common problems confronting the international community.	提供公共产品。今天的中国比以往更加强大更加自信，中国致力于解决国际社会面临的共同问题。
And is working hard to promote a consensus among all countries of the world on a common goal.	并努力促进世界各国在共同目标上达成共识
I think China will play a role of mediator in the world structure and China is becoming a global leader.	我认为中国将在世界格局中扮演调和者的角色，中国正在成为一个全球的领导者。
Keynote address at the Communist Party of China in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting	中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会主旨讲话
Zhejiang Province vigorously promoted the spirit of the Red Ship, with a firm move to work at the forefront of the times.	浙江省大力弘扬红船精神，以坚定的行动，让工作走在时代前列。
A new batch of water samples were just finished being collected, Liu Rui and his colleagues were immediately busy.	新的一批水样刚刚采集完，刘锐和同事们就马上忙碌了起来。
At the same time as the daily monitoring,	在日常监测的同时
they are trying to tackle the smart management of rural sewage this year.	今年他们正努力攻克农村污水的智慧化管理课题
How to manage it well, in fact, it is a very serious challenge.	怎么样能够把它治理好，那么实际上是一个非常严峻的挑战。
The Institute of Ecology and the Environment, Tsinghua Yangtze River Delta Research Institute in Zhejiang Province is located in Jiaxing, the birthplace of the Red Boat spirit.	浙江清华长三角研究院生态环境研究所就设在红船精神的发源地嘉兴。
From nothing more than a dozen years ago to the present,	从十几年前的一无所有，到如今
the Research Institute of the Yangtze River Delta of Tsinghua in Zhejiang Province has developed into a platform with three key national level innovations. Nearly 400 overseas students have settled in this region to gather power for innovation in Zhejiang Province.	浙江清华长三角研究院已经发展成了有三个国家级的重点创新平台、近四百名海外学子落户浙江的区域创新集聚力量。
The spirit of the Red Boat is a force that we must follow and understand. Innovation is actually very difficult.	红船精神是我们必须遵循和理解的一股力量，创新其实是很艰难的
There is a lot of frustration behind all innovations in this area,	这里面每一个创新
none of them can be solved. At this stage, you have to stick to it and keep going.	都觉得无法解决的程度，那这个阶段你要坚持住，就你在不断地走不断地走。
Previously, ordinary people asked for help, but now, officials have come to help. That is	原来是老百姓上门去的，现在是上上到下面来，那么就是说
to do real things for the people.	为老百姓办实事
Up to now, in this way, Xiaoshan District collected a total of 5,985 issues, of which 3,868 were solved and 1,496 were in the process of being handled.	截至目前，通过这种方式，萧山区共收集问题五千九百八十五个，其中解决问题三千八百六十八个，正在办理的问题有一千四百九十六个。
Our agents in Zhejiang Province have a saying that goes	我们浙江的干部有一个话就是
that geographical advantages are inferior to those of the agents, policy concessions are not as good as service ones. The motivation of the Red Boat spirit dedication enables us to make progress and achieve this goal.	地域优势不如干部优势，政策优惠不如服务优质，红船精神的奉献精神这个激励能够让我们奋发进取，更加得这个干在实处走在前列。
They are brave to work.	勇于奋斗
Recently, the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles organized part of the representatives of the 19th NPC from the literary and art circle and well-known artists to form a promotional group and went to Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Gansu, Shanghai, Guangdong and Guizhou to tour and spread the word of the grand spirit of the 19th NPC.	近日，中国文联组织部分文艺界十九大代表和知名艺术家组成宣讲团，分赴内蒙古、黑龙江、甘肃、上海、广东、贵州等地巡回宣讲十九大精神。
They went deeply into the grassroots mass art museums, local academies and some colleges and universities in Inner Mongolia, as well as Heilongjiang and Gansu provinces to conduct a profound interpretation of the new cultural mission	他们深入到内蒙古、黑龙江、甘肃等地的基层群众艺术馆、地方院团和部分高校，对十九大精神中文艺工作者担负的新的文化使命
I am deeply proud and happy, and I am willing to go down and write more about the fate of the normal people in the major times.	我深深感到骄傲和幸福，我愿意沉下去再沉下去，多写下大时代小人物的命运
on the development of grassroots literature and art.	对这个基层文艺发展这方面，能够有一些什么好的建议想法
Nowadays mass literature and art are very popular, there is a little popularity,	现在群众文艺搞得很热闹，普及方面是有一点
and continue to launch quality works worthy of the times.	不断推出无愧于时代的精品力作。
It should be rooted at grassroots and in-depth lives, with a certain substance of culture that is positive, with long-lasting artistic works that hold charm.	应该是扎根与基层，深入生活，然后作出有一定文化厚度的，积极向上的，同时有恒久的艺术魅力的作品。
The actual contracted area has reached 1.52 billion mu, of which 1.11 billion mu has been completed.	已达二十八个，实测承包地面积十五点二亿亩，其中完成确权的有十一点一亿亩。
This accounted for 82 percent of the farmland contracted by second-tier families. 7 provinces and autonomous regions including Sichuan have completed the report to the Party Central Committee and State Council at a basic level.	占二轮家庭承包耕地面积的百分之八十二，四川等七省区已向党中央国务院报告基本完成。
It is estimated that by the end of 2018, the confirmation of the country’s contracted land will be completed at a basic level.	预计二零一八年年底前，全国承包地确权将基本完成
In the future, the Ministry of Agriculture will explore the transformation and application of the results of the confirmation of rights	今后，农业部将探索确权成果
The first satellite in China's space science satellite series and the world's first dark matter particle detection satellite, Wukong,	我国空间科学卫星系列的首发星，同时也是世界上首颗暗物质粒子探测卫星悟空
conducted four scans of an area all-day in the past two years during orbit and detected more than 3.5 billion high-energy particles. It obtained the most accurate	在轨运行近两年来，对全天区进行了四次扫描，探测到超过三十五亿高能粒子，获得了世界上最精确的
This achievement has recently been published in Nature, an international academic journal.	这一成果日前在国际学术期刊《自然》发表
In space, we observe that such a new observation that has not been observed before, which cannot be explained or illustrated by existing theories,	在太空当中，我们观测到以前没有观察到观察到的这样一个新的，这个用这个用已有的理论不能进行解释和说明的
The significance of this result is diverse. Above all, it shows the ability of Chinese scientists to use the most cutting-edge technologies	这项研究成果的意义是多重的，最重要的是它展现了中国科学家使用最前沿的技术
to make scientific instruments to probe a very difficult scientific issue.	制造科研仪器来探测一个非常艰深的科学问题的能力。
Find the toilet by the nose, in the last century, this is memory that many Chinese are fond of.	靠鼻子找厕所，这是上个世纪，不少人关于中国厕所的记忆。
but also incorporates more humanized designs.	还融入了越来越多的人性化设计
impressed so many tourists. The toilet has ventilation all year around without a peculiar smell.	让不少游客感到印象深刻，厕所里常年通风、没有异味
We no longer need to rely on the nose to find the toilet.	现在不用再靠鼻子找厕所
We should not only change the hardware, but the software must also keep up.	不光改变硬件，软件也要跟上
The tourism department requires that toilets at famous sites should be equipped with toilet paper and hand sanitizer.	旅游部门要求，景区厕所应配备厕纸、洗手液
But in some areas,	但在有些地区
Whether to stop this convenient service or not due to the uncivilized behavior of individuals	是否因为个别人的不文明行为就停止这项便民服务
Was decided by managers from all areas who have made their choice.	各地的管理者做出了选择
On the one hand, through civilized prompts to promote conservation, on the other hand, they also carry out technological innovation.	一方面通过文明提示倡导节约，另一方面也在进行技术创新。
In public toilets in places like Nanjing and Sucheng in Jiangsu Province,	在江苏南京、宿城等地的公共厕所
by scanning your face for three seconds, you can get a free copy of the toilet paper, but if you want to get double copies, you need to wait ten minutes.	刷脸三秒，即可免费获得一份厕纸，但想获得双份，需要再多等十分钟
This avoids the abuse of public resources.	避免公用资源的滥用
habits. Some tourists may indeed think of taking the paper back, but on the other hand, we must reflect on this situation.	习惯，可能有些游客确实是想着把纸要揣回去，但是另一方面我们也要反思
Is there paper in the next toilet for tourists to use? This is what we highlighted in the new three-year plan.	是不是我们游客要进入的下一个厕所就没有纸了，所以这也是我们在新三年计划中特别强调的
To solve this problem of inadequacy and imbalance	要把这个不平衡不充分这块解决好
and to push the revolution in toilets further, we should think more of what the masses think.	将厕所革命推向深入，就是要更多地想群众之所想。
to have a third toilet to facilitate family members to accompany the elderly and children to the restroom.	必须具备第三卫生间，方便家人陪同老人、小孩上厕所。
We take our baby to the men’s room and we are embarrassed,	我们带宝宝的，男厕所我们又不好意思陪进去
but when w go to the ladies’ room, babies are so small that we also feel a bit embarrassed. That board is particularly comfortable, it is convenient for those who have children.	女厕所小孩子这么小就好像懂得一点尴尬一样，那个板子特别舒服，很方便我们带小孩的。
people feel more civilized and have become civilized builders. In the villages, villagers in Hechi, Guangxi, are creating flushing toilets in their homes,	人们感受文明的同时，也成为文明的建设者。在乡村，广西河池的村民正在家中新建冲水厕所
Great achievements have been made and the active promotion of the toilet revolution does not only help people stay away from disease, but also promotes economic development to narrow the regional development gap.	已经有了很大成效，积极推动厕所革命不仅能帮助人民远离疾病，还能带动经济发展缩小地区发展差距。
This toilet problem is an issue of expository themes, it is a node of the social development.	这个厕所问题它是一个纲举目张问题，是一个社会问题发展的节点。
It is a national civilized project that leads from the national point of view to the layout, and then takes part in all aspects to solve the small social problems with varying degrees of participation.	它是一个国家文明工程，从国家的角度去引导去布局，然后方方面面从不同程度的参与来解决细小的社会问题。
In this way, we can make up for all shortcomings.	这样就把我们的所有的短补齐。
With the recent commencement of construction of Jinxi Irrigation District in Heilongjiang Province, this year began with a major water conservancy project across the country and has reached 14 items.	随着黑龙江锦西灌区工程近日开工建设，今年全国新开工重大水利工程已达十四项。
The investment scale reached 900 billion yuan.	投资规模达九千亿元。
At present, the enrollment rate of compulsory education for juvenile children in three categories of children with vision, hearing and intelligence disabilities in our country has reached over 90%.	目前，我国视力、听力和智力三类残疾儿童、少年义务教育入学率达到百分之九十以上。
Xicheng High Speed Rail that Links the High Speed Rail between Xi’an and Chengdu was launched on December 6, with tickets for the first train being sold and then scheduled the train after the diagram adjustment at the end of the year that is available today.	连接西安和成都的高速铁路西成高铁将于十二月六日开通运营，首发列车及年底调图前列车车票今天开始发售。
At noon today, China successfully sent the No.1 land survey satellite into scheduled orbit using the Long March II Ding carrier rocket at Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center.	今天中午，我国在酒泉卫星发射中心用长征二号丁运载火箭，成功将陆地勘查卫星一号送入预定轨道。
Yellow River’s first public railway tunnel construction started a few days ago.	黄河首条公铁合用隧道日前开工建设。
The tunnel is 3.7 kilometers in length and will be under direct access to the Yellow River to establish a direct link to the main urban areas of Jinan city	隧道全长三点七公里，建成后将下穿黄河直接联通济南主城区
of the spirit of Chinese culture.	精神内涵
Next up, a look at international news.	接下来关注国际方面的消息。
On the 2nd, after voting, the US Senate has passed a massive tax cut bill.	美国国会参议院二号投票通过大规模减税法案。
Analysts say it marks the Trump administration and Republican congressional parliament a step closer to completing the nation's largest tax relief program in three decades.	分析称这标志着特朗普政府和国会共和党，距离完成美国三十年来最大规模的减税计划更近了一步。
The Republican-majority Senate ultimately passed the tax cut as a result of 51 votes in favor and 49 against it.	共和党占多数的参议院最终以五十一票赞成、四十九票反对的结果通过了这份减税法案。
and for the middle class.	和为中产阶级减负提供了机遇
Democrats, on the other hand, have criticized the bill as benefiting large corporations and the rich in the United States.	但民主党方面则批评说，这份法案主要让美国大企业和富人受益
On the 2nd, U.S. President Trump welcomed the Senate voting to pass the tax cut bill	美国总统特朗普二号对参院投票通过减税法案
and stressed that all economic measures by the government are boosting the U.S. economy.	表示欢迎，他强调政府的各项经济措施正在提振美国经济
At the same time, Trump also criticized that it is a mistake for Democratic members of the Senate	特朗普同时批评说，参院民主党议员
to vote against the bill.	对法案全部投反对票是错误行为
According to the U.S. legislative process, the two chambers will still reach a final unified version of the tax reduction bill in the coming weeks.	按照美国立法流程，未来几周参众两院仍将就减税法案继续协商达成最终统一版本
And then voted separately before	再分别投票通过后
According to a spokesman for the Yemeni Houthis armed forces and former President Saleh, the fighting between the two sides on the 2nd in the capital, Sana, has become more severe. Now, it has resulted in the death of 80 people.	据也门胡塞武装和前总统萨利赫方面的发言人消息，双方军队二号在首都萨那的交火升级，目前已导致八十人死亡。
Over 100 people were wounded. According to witnesses, both parties in the conflict dispatched heavy weapons such as tanks and started fighting on the streets of Sana, leaving thousands of people, including children, trapped in the central part of Sana.	一百多人受伤 据目击者说，冲突双方出动了坦克等重型武器，在萨那街头展开战斗，数以千计的民众和儿童被困萨那中部
Currently, the Republican Guard supporting Saleh is also occupying the airport.	目前，支持萨利赫的共和国卫队也占领机场
The presidential palace and some important government agencies announced the imposition of a curfew in the occupied territories.	总统府和部分重要政府机构，并宣布将在占领区施行宵禁
The Houthis armed forces claimed to have taken control of today's television station, which belonged to Saleh.	胡塞武装则声称已经控制了原属于萨利赫的今日电视台。
Houthis armed forces and Saleh formed an alliance in late 2014 to fight the legitimate government led by Yemeni President Hady.	胡塞武装和萨利赫于二零一四年底组成同盟，对抗也门总统哈迪领导的合法政府。
In September this year, the Houthis Armed Forces announced the appointment of military commanders and other senior positions.	今年九月，胡塞武装宣布任命军队指挥官等要职。
Saleh refused to recognize the appointment.	萨利赫拒绝承认这一任命。
In late November, sporadic fighting started between Saleh supporters and the Houthis Armed Forces.	十一月底，萨利赫支持者与胡塞武装之间开始有零星交火。
At the same time, former Yemeni President Saleh said that	与此同时，也门前总统萨利赫表示
he was ready to open a new chapter of relations with the multinational coalition led by Saudi Arabia and begin to work with the coalition forces in a positive way	他已经准备好与沙特为首的多国联军开启新的关系篇章，开始以积极的方式与联军相处
However, the premise is that the multinational coalition should stop the attack on Yemen first.	不过前提是多国联军先停止对也门的袭击。
In response, the multinational coalition headed by Saudi Arabia issued a statement that	对此，以沙特为首的多国联军发表声明
On the 2nd, U.S. President Trump said his campaign team has absolutely no collusion with Russia.	美国总统特朗普二号说，他的竞选团队和俄罗斯方面绝对没有勾结
This is Trump’s first response to the Russian investigation after Flynn, the former	这是特朗普在前总统国家安全事务助理弗林
Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, admitted perjury.	承认作伪证后首次就通俄门调查作出反应
Trump also said he is not worried about what Flynn will say to investigators.	特朗普还表示，他并不担心弗林会对调查人员说什么。
On the 1st, Flynn admitted to the judge that he had committed perjury with the FBI on personal contact with Russia and	一号，弗林向法官承认，他曾就个人与俄罗斯方面的接触问题向联邦调查局作伪证
He has repeatedly expressed his opposition to the German government’s acceptance of immigrants and even stated through right-wing rhetoric that Germany should be proud of veterans in World War II.	他曾多次发表反对德国政府接收外来移民的看法，甚至有过德国应为二战老兵骄傲的右倾言论。
A large number of local people gathered outside the venue of the conference to protest. They strongly opposed the far-right populism advocated by the party.	此次大会的会场外聚集了大批当地民众前来抗议，他们强烈反对选择党的极右民粹主义主张。
In September this year, during the German federal election, the Select Party was elected to become the third largest party in the House.	在今年九月的德国联邦议院选举中，选择党获选成为议院第三大党。
This is the first time that Germany had a far-right political party entering the federation after World War II.	这是德国二战后首次有极右翼政党进入联邦议院。
This concludes tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast. Thank you for watching.	今天的新闻联播节目播送完了，感谢您收看
For more news, visit the CCTV news website. For the download address, search CCTV News +.	更多的新闻资讯你还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可以搜索央视新闻加。
Goodbye.	再见。
Good evening, viewers.	各位观众晚上好。
Today is Monday, December 4, October 17 in the lunar calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.	今天是十二月四号星期一农历十月十七，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.	首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。
At the invitation of Xi Jinping, the President of the Maldives will visit China.	应习近平邀请马尔代夫总统将访华。
Starting today, Xinwen Lianbo will launch a series of reports on the new era, new atmosphere, and new act. There will be in-depth coverage of various departments in various regions that are armed with the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress	新闻联播从今天起推出系列报道，新时代新气象新作为，深入报道各地区各部门用党的十九大精神
and their policies.	武装头脑，指导实践。
To promote new ideas, new actions, and new effects of the work.	推动工作的新思路新举措新成效。
Today, innovation-driven development has become an important engine for Shanghai’s development.	今天来看，创新驱动成为上海发展重要引擎
Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome the Canadian Prime Minister to China and held the Second Annual Dialog between China and Canada with the Prime Minister.	李克强举行仪式欢迎加拿大总理访华，并与加拿大总理举行第二次中加总理年度对话。
Zhang Dejiang attended the fourth National Constitution Day symposium and delivered a speech.	张德江出席第四个国家宪法日座谈会并讲话
Wang Yang will attend the 2017 Fortune Global Forum in Guangzhou	汪洋将出席二零一七年广州《财富》全球论坛
Wang Huning attended the forum on promoting the spirit of Red Ship and delivered a speech.	王沪宁出席弘扬红船精神座谈会并讲话。
The General Office of the Central Military Commission issued a notice requiring the entire military and the armed police force to conscientiously organize the study of the second volume of Xi Jinping Talks about State Governance.	中央军委办公厅印发《通知》要求全军和武警部队认真组织学习《习近平谈治国理政》第二卷。
The Central Office of the State Council issued the Guiding Opinions on Establishing and Perfecting the Village Affairs Oversight Committee.	中办国办印发《关于建立健全村务监督委员会的指导意见》。
Since the implementation of the eight provisions of the Central Government in the past five years, we have been rectifying the trend of four styles.	中央八项规定实施五年来，驰而不息纠正四风。
so that the party style, political style, and the social style can conduct major changes.	使党风、政风、社会风气发生重大变化
The Houthis Armed Forces of Yemen continues crossfires with supporters of Saleh, and the Saudi Arabia-led multinational coalition continued air strikes	也门胡塞武装与萨利赫派别交火持续，沙特领导多国联军空袭
In support of Saleh’s armed forces.	支援萨利赫武装
Next, please watch the details.	接下来请您收看详细内容。
Our news. At the invitation of President Xi Jinping, the President of the Republic of Maldives Abdulla Yameen Abdul Gayoom will have a state visit to China	本台消息，应国家主席习近平邀请，马尔代夫共和国总统阿卜杜拉亚明阿卜杜尔加尧姆将于十二月六号到九号
from December 6 to September 9.	对我国进行国事访问
This important exposition has given us loud trumpets to fulfill the new mission and proceed on a new journey.	这一重要论述，为我们吹响了履行新使命、进军新征程的响亮号角。
Starting from today, Xinwen Lianbo will launch a series of reports entitled New Era, New Atmosphere, and New Act.	从今天开始，《新闻联播》推出系列报道《新时代新气象新作为》。
This is the first company in the world to develop and manufacture educational robots. After graduating from university, 23-year-old Xiao Xu	这里是全球第一家研发制造教育机器人的企业，二十三岁的小徐大学毕业后
chose to come to Shanghai and he built his own team within half a year.	选择来到上海，半年时间里他就已经有了自己的团队。
My dream is to make a robot that belongs to myself and helps others.	我的梦想是制作一个属于自己的机器人，还能帮助其他人。
The robot needs some motors, steering gears, and controllers, all of which can now be developed ourselves.	机器人的话它需要一些电机、 舵机然后还有控制器，现在这些都都可以自己研发。
Shanghai introduced preferential policies	上海出台优惠政策
It also led a group of innovative talents to stay in the country and stay in Shanghai.	也带动了一批创新型的人才，留在国内，留在上海。
The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China first proposed the construction of a modern economic system and demanded that	十九大报告首次提出建设现代化经济体系，并要求
are being transformed from traditional manufacturing industries.	智能制造企业正在从传统制造产业中转型
In the first three quarters of this year, the value of smart manufacturing reached nearly 16 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 40% over the same period last year. Our original business was	今年前三季度，智能制造产值接近一百六十亿元，同比增长近四成。我们原来的企业是
producing the elevator control system. In the past few years, we clearly felt that the new kinetic energy of the whole new industry was not enough. Therefore, we	做那个电梯的控制系统，从前几年我们明显的就感到整个一个产业它新的动能就不足，所以我们
stepped up the transformation and development of this enterprise.	加大了这个企业转型发展的力度
In accordance with General Secretary Xi Jinping’s request, Shanghai is speeding up its march toward becoming a science and technology innovation center with global influence.	上海正按照习近平总书记的要求，加快向具有全球影响力的科技创新中心进军。
In order to speed up the process of transforming of scientific research from paper to money, Shanghai promulgated local regulations this year to promote the transformation and service of scientific and technological achievements.	为了让科研成果加快从纸变成钱，今年上海出台地方条例，推动科技成果的转化和服务。
Ten days after the closing ceremony of the 19th NPC, Shanghai released to the public the implementation opinions on further promoting the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence.	十九大闭幕十天后，上海又发布了进一步推动新一代人工智能发展的实施意见。
In the process of innovation, there are many unsuitable conditions.	在创新过程中，有很多不适应。
can thrive with vitality.	迸发出它们的活力
Enter a new era, science and technology innovation are promising.	进入新时代，科技创新大有可为
Located in Shanghai, the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation is the vanguard of China's satellite technology innovation research.	位于上海的中科院微小卫星创新研究院是我国卫星技术创新研究的先锋队。
to make a certain thing. In itself, the target choice for this task is new.	做一件新奇的事，本身来讲这个任务的目标选择就是新的。
With the average age of researchers being only 31 years old, the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation	科研人员平均年龄只有三十一岁的中科院微小卫星创新研究院
will also launch five satellites in the near future.	近期还将有五颗卫星升空
From materials and devices to components of all-round innovation, it promotes the upgrade and transformation of China's manufacturing industry chain.	从材料、器件到部件的全方位创新，推动了我国制造产业链条升级转化。
In the report of the 19th NPC, it is clearly stated that China has entered into a new era. Personally, the standard of a powerful nation is to take the lead.	十九大报告中明确提出了中国已经进入新时代，强国的标准我个人的认为就是要领跑
So far, all satellites launched by our Little Satellite Institute have been groundbreaking, and we will not follow others or chase after others.	你到目前为止，我们小卫星研究院发射的所有的卫星全部都是开创性的，我们不会走别人走过的路，也不会去追赶别人
which comprehensively enhance Shanghai's original innovation capability and out-pace the strategic competence of the world in science and technology innovation and development.	形成了一批跨学科、多领域、综合性的大科学产业，全面提升了上海原始创新能力和抢占世界科技创新发展先机的战略能力。
Entering into a new era, the strong driving force brought by innovation-driven development to Shanghai is emerging.	进入新时代，创新驱动发展给上海带来的强劲动力正在显现。
Braving to try, daring to make breakthrough, self-determination and the enterprising spirit also originate from the fact that Shanghai has always taken institutional reform as the key to developing this great article.	大胆试、大胆闯、自主改的进取精神，也源于上海始终把体制机制改革作为做好发展这篇大文章的关键。
The report of the 19th National Congress of the CPC pointed out that to deepen the reform of the science and technology system and establish an innovation system that takes the enterprise as the main body, the market as the orientation and the industry-university-research institute must have deep integration,	党的十九大报告中指出，深化科技体制改革，建立以企业为主体、市场为导向、产学研深度融合的技术创新体系
which is precisely for the reform mechanism to promote innovation and create a better atmosphere for the innovation subject.	也正是要通过改革机制促进创新，为创新主体营造更好的氛围。
After the welcoming ceremony, Li Keqiang held the second annual dialog between China and Canada with Trudeau.	欢迎仪式后，李克强同特鲁多举行第二次中加总理年度对话。
Li Keqiang made positive comments on the development of Sino-Canadian relations over the past year	李克强积极评价中加关系一年来的发展
Li Keqiang said that at present, economic globalization continues to advance. A new round of scientific and technological industrial revolution has swept the globe.	李克强表示，当前经济全球化持续推进，新一轮科技和产业革命席卷全球
To maintain the sound and stable development of Sino-Canadian relations, we must comply with the trend of the times,	中加关系要持续健康稳定发展，必须顺应时代潮流
uphold mutual respect, treat each other equally, seek mutual benefits and win-win cooperation, and constantly expand common interests.	坚持相互尊重、平等相待、互利共赢，不断拓展共同利益。
Li Keqiang pointed out that Sino-Canadian pragmatic cooperation has strong complementarity and it is expected to expand bilateral trade and investment, encourage the enterprises of the two countries to invest and start business in each other's countries,	李克强指出，中加务实合作互补强，应扩大双向贸易投资，鼓励两国企业赴对方国家投资兴业
Li Keqiang stressed that both China and Canada are important countries in the Asia-Pacific region and significant trade nations in the world, and the positive signals sent by both countries on promoting the liberalization of trade and investment is in the common interests of both sides.	李克强强调，中加同为亚太地区重要国家和世界贸易大国，在推进贸易投资自由化便利化问题上发出积极信号符合双方共同利益。
The door to China's opening up to the outside world will become larger and larger and the business environment will become better and better. China will continue to be a hot spot for international investment.	中国对外开放的大门会越开越大，营商环境会越来越好，将继续是国际投资的热土。
in the spirit of mutual benefit and reciprocity.	延续两国友谊
Canada supports free trade and is ready to work with China to promote globalization and free trade and make its contribution to the sustainable development of the world.	加方支持自由贸易，愿同中方共同推动全球化和自由贸易，为全球可持续发展作出贡献。
Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common interest.	双方还就共同关心的国际和地区问题交换意见。
After the talks, China's premier and the prime minister of Canada witnessed the signing of bilateral cooperation documents in the fields of education, food safety, and energy.	会谈后，两国总理共同见证了教育、食品安全、能源等领域双边合作文件的签署。
On the afternoon of the 4th, Li Keqiang and Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau jointly met with reporters.	四号下午，李克强与加拿大总理特鲁多共同会见记者。
Li Keqiang introduced the outcome of the second annual ministerial-level dialog between China and Canada.	李克强介绍了第二次中加总理年度对话成果。
He said both China and Canada unanimously agree to promote the process of globalization and safeguard the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment,and both are ready to work together to explore the feasibility of the FTA.	他表示，中加双方一致同意要推动全球化进程，维护贸易投资自由化、便利化，愿共同努力探讨中加自贸协定可行性。
China is open to the process and the content of the negotiation.	中方对谈判进程和内容持开放态度。
Both sides agree to step up cooperation in tourism and aviation and to closely promote humanities exchanges between the two countries.	双方同意加强旅游、航空合作，密切两国人文交流。
We share opportunities and welcome challenges together to push forward the Sino-Canadian relations in this golden stage.	共享机遇，共迎挑战，推动中加关系在黄金阶段不断闪出耀眼光芒。
deepen cooperation in various fields, commit to common development and prosperity, and build a stable and active relationship with China in the medium to long term.	深化各领域合作，致力于共同发展繁荣，打造加中长期稳定活跃的关系。
Zhang Dejiang, president of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, attended the 4th National Constitution Day Symposium and delivered a speech on the 4th.	全国人大常委会委员长张德江四号出席第四个国家宪法日座谈会并讲话
He emphasized that we need to regard the study and implementation of the socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in a new era of Xi Jinping	他强调，要把深入学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想
as the most important task in studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress. It is important to comprehensively implement the major decision making and deployment on strengthening the implementation and supervision of the constitution under the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core.	作为学习贯彻党的十九大精神的重中之重，全面贯彻落实以习近平同志为核心的党中央关于加强宪法实施和监督的重大决策部署
We must unswervingly adhere to the principles of the Constitution, carry forward the spirit of the Constitution, fulfill the mission of the Constitution, and give full play to the important role of the Constitution in successfully building a well-off society in an all-around way	更加坚定自觉地恪守宪法原则、弘扬宪法精神、履行宪法使命，更好发挥宪法在决胜全面建成小康社会
and build an all-around modernized socialist nation.	全面建设社会主义现代化国家中的重要作用。
Zhang Dejiang pointed out that the Constitution is the fundamental law of the country and is the general charter for administering state affairs well and ensuring national security.	张德江指出，宪法是国家的根本法，是治国安邦的总章程。
It is the concentrated expression of the will of the party and the people. To vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Constitution and fully implement the Constitution, we must unswervingly adhere to the leadership of the CPC,	是党和人民意志的集中体现。大力弘扬宪法精神、全面贯彻实施宪法，要坚定不移坚持中国共产党的领导
firmly maintain the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, firmly safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize and unify the leadership, unswervingly uphold socialism with Chinese characteristics,	坚定维护习近平总书记的核心地位，坚定维护党中央权威和集中统一领导，坚定不移坚持中国特色社会主义
and equality before the law.	转化为全体人民的自觉行动
Zhang Dejiang emphasized that conducting in-depth publicity and education on the Constitution is important fundamental work for comprehensively promoting the administration of the country according to the law and is also a long-term task that needs constant effort.	张德江强调，深入开展宪法宣传教育，是全面推进依法治国的重要基础性工作，也是一项久久为功的长期任务。
We should continue to play the important role of performing the activities on National Constitution Day and pledge allegiance to the Constitution, carry out publicity and education on the Constitution by using the methods loved by the masses,	要继续发挥好国家宪法日活动、宪法宣誓等重要抓手的作用，更多采用人民群众喜闻乐见的方式
strive to improve law attainment by the entire nation, and lay a solid ideological foundation and create a good social environment for pushing forward the implementation of Constitutional law.	开展宪法宣传教育，努力提高全民族法治素养，为推动宪法法律贯彻实施筑牢坚实思想基础、营造良好社会环境。
to establish constitutional awareness and enhance their confidence in the Constitution. They will become firm believers, preachers, practitioners, and defenders of the Constitution.	树立宪法意识，增强宪法自信，成为宪法的坚定信仰者、宣讲者、实践者、维护者。
Li Jianguo attended the symposium.	李建国出席座谈会。
Wang Chen presided over the symposium.	王晨主持座谈会。
Vice Premier Wang Yang of the State Council will attend the opening ceremony of the 2017 Fortune Global Forum held in Guangzhou from December 6 to December 8	本台消息，二零一七年《财富》全球论坛将于十二月六日至八日在广州举行，国务院副总理汪洋将出席论坛开幕式。
and deliver a keynote speech.	并发表主旨演讲。
Meanwhile, Vice Premier Wang Yang will meet with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea O'Neill who will attend the forum.	其间，汪洋副总理将会见出席论坛的加拿大总理特鲁多、巴布亚新几内亚总理奥尼尔。
The symposium on carrying forward the Red Ship Spirit was held on December 4 in Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province. Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the meeting and made a speech.	弘扬红船精神座谈会十二月四号在浙江嘉兴召开，中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁出席会议并讲话。
We will promote the further study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party and Xi Jinping's thoughts on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, inspire and encourage all cadres and masses	推动把学习贯彻党的十九大精神和习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想引向深入，激励和鼓舞广大干部群众用伟大精神
to promote great practice with great spirit, never forget their initial mission, keep their mission firmly in mind, and make unremitting efforts to achieve the tasks put forward by the 19th National Congress.	推动伟大实践，不忘初心、牢记使命、永远奋斗，为实现党的十九大提出的任务不懈努力。
Wang Huning said that the spirit of the Red Ship is the source of the Chinese revolutionary spirit, and it shows the initial intention of the Chinese Communists.	王沪宁表示，红船精神是中国革命精神之源，昭示着中国共产党人的初心
The pioneering spirit	它所承载的首创精神
and the spirit of struggle and dedication it carries are the spiritual impetus to our party's tenacious struggle and continuous development and growth. It is also a valuable spiritual asset for our party to establish and govern and rejuvenate the country.	奋斗精神、奉献精神，是激励我们党顽强奋斗、不断发展壮大的精神动力，是我们党立党兴党、执政兴国的宝贵精神财富
It is also a strong spiritual support to uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.	也是新时代坚持和发展中国特色社会主义的坚强精神支撑
We must integrate the idea of carrying forward the spirit of the Red Ship and deepening the study and publicity of the 19th National Congress and firmly grasp the main idea of Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.	要把弘扬红船精神同深化党的十九大精神学习宣传贯彻结合起来，牢牢把握习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想这个主线。
Make great efforts on learning and mastering.	在学懂弄通做实上下功夫
We should deepen the study and publicity of the revolutionary spirit, such as the spirit of the Red Ship, and carry out various forms of educational practice to guide people in actively participating in the great practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.	要深化对红船精神等革命精神的学习宣传，开展形式多样的教育实践，引导人们积极投身新时代中国特色社会主义伟大实践。
Before the forum, the participants jointly paid tribute to the Red Ship in South Lake.	座谈会前，与会人员共同瞻仰了南湖红船。
And they visited the South Lake Revolutionary Memorial Hall.	参观了南湖革命纪念馆
The General Office of the Central Military Commission recently printed and issued the Notice on Carefully Organizing and Learning Xi Jinping's Speech on the Governance of China, Volume II.	本台消息，中央军委办公厅日前印发《关于认真组织学习习近平谈治国理政第二卷的通知》。
It demands that the PLA and the Armed Police Force thoroughly study and understand Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and raise the spirit of learning, propaganda, and implementation of the 19th National Congress.	要求全军和武警部队深入学习领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，兴起学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神热潮。
The Notice points out that studying and implementing Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era is a major political task of the entire party and army for the present and future.	《通知》指出，学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，是当前和今后一个时期全党全军的重大政治任务
At all levels, we should have the highest political consciousness and the highest standards and take on the first	各级要以高度政治自觉和走在前列标准，把《习近平谈治国理政》第二卷和先期出版的
and second volume of Xi Jinping: The Governance of China, published previously as the authoritative books in the profound study and understanding of Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and the spirit of the 19th National Congress,	《习近平谈治国理政》第一卷，作为深入学习领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的十九大精神的
and unify it to the major decisions and deployments set by the 19th National Congress of the party.	统一到党的十九大确定的重大决策部署上来
Poverty and Death in Indonesia's Land of Gold	印尼金洲的贫穷与死亡
When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.	巴德汀娜·戴杰做饭的时候不用炉子。
She rarely even uses a pot.	她甚至很少用锅。
In her wooden home in Enarotali, the capital of Paniai regency in the restive Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually just places a sweet potato - known locally as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.	她的木屋位于印度尼西亚巴布亚省帕尼艾县首府埃纳罗塔利,这位家庭主妇通常只是把一个红薯——当地人称其为“nota”——直接放进火里。
After half-an-hour, the charred tuber is retrieved and devoured with eager, unwashed hands.	半个小时后，这烧焦的红薯就被一双没有洗过的手迫不及待地拿了出来，狼吞虎咽地吃掉。
Degei sits on the mud floor - she has no furniture - which is where she also performs her daily chores, such as washing clothes with murky water from the nearby swamp.	戴杰坐在泥地上——她没有家具，这里也是她做日常家庭杂务的地方，比如洗衣服，洗衣服的水十分浑浊，都是从附近的沼泽地里弄来的。
A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.	一个没有屋顶的房间里放着一个水桶，这就是户外厕所。
As the youngest of her husband's four wives, she has been assigned no fields to tend.	她是丈夫四个妻子中最年轻的那个，所以她没有被分到田地来照料。
Polygamy is common here.	一夫多妻现象在这里很常见。
Of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed and many drink heavily, plus there are the soldiers.	当然工作到很晚会很危险：村里大部分男人都没有工作，而且很多都烂醉如泥，加上这里有很多士兵。
"No one dares to walk around the village after 5 p.m.," she says.	她说：“没人敢在下午 5 点以后在村里走动。”
It's a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was absorbed into Indonesia in 1969 following a controversial referendum, when just 1,026 elders were forced to vote through a public show of hands before occupying troops.	这是巴布亚高地日常生活的罕见一瞥，这里曾经是荷兰的殖民地，1969 年全民公投后并入印度尼西亚，但那次公投也备受争议，当时只有 1026 名长辈被强迫在占领此地的军队面前通过举手表决投票。
An existing movement agitating for independence against Dutch rule swiftly turned its ire against the Jakarta government, which maintains tight control over the region, barring foreign journalists or rights monitors.	目前强烈要求独立、反对荷兰统治的运动很快又将矛头指向雅加达政府，因为该政府对该地区实行高压统治，隔绝外国记者和维权人士。
In 2003, the province was officially split into Papua and West Papua, with independent Papua New Guinea occupying the eastern part of the island.	2003 年，该省正式分裂为巴布亚省和西巴布亚省，而巴布亚新几内亚独立控制该岛东部。
Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate; the journey here involves a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire, and then a stomach-churning five-hour drive by hire car.	埃纳罗塔利位置偏远，荒无人烟；要到这里来需要从省会查亚普拉坐 90 分钟飞机到那比雷，然后租车行驶 5 个小时，一路胃里翻江倒海。
There is no public transport.	这里没有公共交通。
The town of some 19,000 people consists of wooden houses ringed by bamboo fencing, corrugated iron roofs transformed by rust into varying tawny shades.	在这个大约有 19,000 人的城镇里，木屋外环绕着竹栅栏，褶皱的铁皮屋顶是各类由铁锈制成的黄褐色的遮盖物。
Very few Indonesians have made the journey here, let alone journalists, and practically no foreigners.	很少有印尼人来到里，更别说新闻记者，也几乎没有外国人。
Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a God named Uga Tamee.	在基督教传道士到来之前，Mee Pago 巴布亚人信奉一个叫 Uga Tamee 的神。
There were other changes, too.	这里也还有其他的改变。
"We were not used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vividly colored, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and a bright skirt.	戴杰说“我们穿不惯这些衣服。”她指的是她那颜色亮丽的手织头巾、深色衬衫和鲜艳的半裙。
"Before, we only wore leaves on our bodies."	“我们以前只用树叶盖住身体。”
Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of people live below the poverty line and with some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.	巴布亚是印度尼西亚最贫穷的省份，这里 28% 的人生活在贫困线以下，也是亚洲婴儿死亡率最高而识字率最低的地区。
But it is also Indonesia's land of gold.	但是这里也是印尼的金洲。
The world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, lies just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province around the size of New Jersey and home to 153,000 people.	帕尼艾县地处高地，面积大约与新泽西州相同，拥有 153,000 人。世界上最大、最有利可图的金矿格拉斯伯格距离这里只有 60 英里，该金矿由总部位于凤凰城的费利浦·麦克莫兰铜金公司所有。
In 2015 alone, Freeport mined some $3.1 billion worth of gold and copper here.	仅在 2015 年，费利浦就在这里开采了大约价值 31 亿美元的金矿和铜矿。
In addition, Papua boasts timber resources worth an estimated $78 billion.	此外，巴布亚的木材资源十分丰富，估计价值为 780 亿美元。
These riches are, however, a source of misery for Papuans, ensuring Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.	然而这些丰富的资源也是巴布亚人悲剧的来源，印尼强大的军事力量是因此才得以一直压制着他们。
A 2005 investigation in The New York Times reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.	《纽约时报》一份 2005 年的调查报道显示，费利浦在 1998 年至 2004 年间向当地军事人员和部队支付近 2 千万美元，单单一位官员就高达 150,000 美元。
Papuan calls for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose, and are dealt with mercilessly.	巴布亚人对独立自主的诉求越来越强烈，这威胁到了这位金主，他们因而遭受了残忍的待遇。
According to rights activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.	据维权人士称，1969 年以来，有超过 50 万巴布亚人被杀害，数千人被印尼军队强奸、折磨和关押。
Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands during the 1970s amounted to genocide, according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.	据亚洲人权委员会称，1970 年代在巴布亚部落高地的大规模屠杀已升级为种族灭绝。
Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the region last year alone.	单单去年印尼警方就逮捕了 3,900 多名和平抗议者。
We Will Lose Everything, a 2016 report by the Archdiocese of Brisbane, contains testimony of atrocities committed the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture - rape and electrocution are especially popular, according to another report - and the brutal crushing of peaceful demonstrations.	天主教布里斯班总教区 2016 年的一份报告《我们将会失去一切》囊括了对前一年昭昭恶行的证明，比如法外处决、折磨——另一份报告称强奸和电邢尤其普遍——以及对和平游行示威的残酷镇压。
"It's difficult to count the number of victims as incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.	人权观察组织印尼研究员安德里亚斯·哈尔索诺称，“暴力事件每天都在发生，因此很难计算受害者的人数。”
The screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.	巴布亚的资源招来印尼以外的大批移民，压迫便开始了。
The province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but the demographic is changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.	该省 350 万人口中有 83% 是基督徒，但是穆斯林经济移民从人口稠密的爪哇岛、加里曼丹岛、苏门答腊岛、苏拉威西岛来到这里以后，其人口结构就发生了变化。
Javanese warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado mixed-vegetables served with peanut sauce.	爪哇人的小吃摊出售炸鸡和蔬菜混合的加多加多，配以花生酱。
Local people struggle to compete.	当地人努力抗争。
"The migrants started to sell chicken and vegetables in the traditional market cheaper than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura for work.	24 岁的帕尼艾当地人阿波斯·尤搬到了省会查亚普拉去找工作，他解释道“那些移民开始在传统市场以比当地巴布亚人更低的价格出售鸡肉和蔬菜。
"It made the native Papuans - the mama-mama [the women] of Papua - lose their market."	这让当地巴布亚人——巴布亚女人 ( mama-mama)——失去了她们的市场。”
Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, vowed to address the inequalities and rights abuses in Papua during his election campaign in 2014.	印尼总统佐科·维多多（人们常称其为佐科维）在他 2014 年的竞选活动上发誓要解决巴布亚的不平等问题和滥用职权问题。
The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's total 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.	这位曾经的木匠通往雅加达总统府的道路受到了全部 29 个地区中 27 个地区的支持——包括帕尼艾。
But precious little has changed in Papua, and today local people feel betrayed.	但是巴布亚什么也没有改变，今天，当地人感觉遭到了背叛。
"Our hearts have been broken because in 2014 we voted for Jokowi, with the expectation that he would fulfill our hopes for justice to be restored," You says.	尤说“我们已经心碎了，2014 年我们给佐科维投了票，希望他能实现我们的愿望，重新恢复公平。”
In fact, Paniai suffered a nadir just two months after Jokowi's October inauguration.	事实上，在佐科维 10 月份就任仅仅两个月后，帕尼艾就遭遇了最可怕的噩梦。
On Dec. 7, 2014 a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a bonfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorbike broke through the gloom.	2014 年 12 月 7 日，埃纳罗塔利 11 名儿童在外面的篝火前唱着圣诞颂歌，两名印尼士兵突然骑着摩托车冲了过来。
The startled children told them that they should turn on their headlights.	受惊的孩子们告诉他们应该打开车头灯。
One of the soldiers took umbrage at their tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to local Pastor Yavedt Tebai.	据当地牧师亚伟特·特拜称，其中一名士兵对他们的语气不满，随后带着四名士兵回来了。
The soldiers, who had been drinking, chased and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.	受害者和目击者称这些喝醉的士兵用他们的枪把追着这群孩子打。
Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.	然后其中一名士兵对着这群孩子开了枪。
One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly he fell into a coma.	16 岁的尤利安努斯·叶墨因被打得严重而昏迷。
A couple of hours later, the nearby government Election Commission building was set ablaze, and things escalated the following day.	几个小时后，附近政府机构选举委员会大楼燃起熊熊大火，第二天事件升级。
About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.	大约 1,000 名年轻巴布亚男子、女人和儿童聚集在当地警察局和军事指挥中心前的一个足球场要求伸张正义。
They carried ceremonial hunting bows and performed the waita dance - running in circles and simulating birdsong - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.	他们带着仪式用的猎弓，跳着巴布亚 Mee Pago 部落的 waita 舞——绕圈奔跑，并模仿鸟鸣。
Some protesters started hurling stones at police and military posts.	部分抗议者开始往军事经常岗哨扔石头。
As tempers grew more heated, an order was sent to the soldiers through internal radio: "If the masses offer resistance more than three times, shoot them dead," it said, according to an official document seen by TIME that has not been released to the local media.	根据《时代》杂志看到的一份官方文件记录，当情绪持续激化，士兵们通过内部无线电收到命令：“如果人群抵抗超过三次，立即枪决。”但这份文件并没有向当地媒体发布。
Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego Koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and appealed for calm, imploring the crowd to go back home.	56 岁的耶雷米亚斯·卡亚木是埃纳罗塔利 Kego Koto 街区的首领，他感觉到了即将有危险发生，于是呼吁人群冷静，并恳求他们回家。
Nobody was in the mood to listen.	但没人有心情听他说。
"When I turned around I suddenly got shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.	他站在他那栋颜色鲜艳的木屋的门廊上告诉《时代》杂志“当我回过头来的时候，我的左腕突然中枪。”
Kayame still doesn't know who fired but says the bullet came from the ranks of amassed soldiers.	卡亚木现在仍然不知道是谁开的枪，但他说子弹来自聚集的士兵之中。
"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.	他又说“当时很挤，他们开了很多枪。”
Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin who witnessed the shootings.	据当地人奥尔夫尤斯·尤尔的堂兄弟称，他目睹了枪击，看到奥尔夫尤斯·尤尔身中三枪。
"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only goes by one name, told TIME somberly.	尤哈内斯悲伤地告诉《时代》杂志，“我跑过去检查他的身体看是不是他，
"I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."	我发现他已经死了……我亲吻了他。”
The Papua Police Chief Inspector General Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.	巴布亚警方总督察尤杰·门德告诉记者，他的下属只是在“保护”警察局，因为警察局受到了袭击。
"We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," Papua Police spokesperson, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo said in 2015.	2015 年巴布亚警方发言人、警察局长普吉奥·苏利斯提奥称“有人威胁要杀我们的时候，我们必须自卫。
"It's a matter of life and death."	这是关乎生死的问题。”
According to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many more injured.	据人权观察组织称，五名年轻抗议者被杀，还有更多人受伤。
News of the killings only filtered through to Jakarta the following day.	第二天关于此次杀戮的消息只在雅加达慢慢传开。
Three weeks later, Jokowi gave an impassioned speech in Jayapura, where he expressed sympathies with the victims' families and vowed to address the historic abuses in Papua.	三个星期后，佐科维在查亚普拉作了一次声情并茂的演讲，对受害者家人表示深切同情，并发誓要解决巴布亚历史遗留的滥用职权问题。
"I want this case to be solved immediately so it won't ever happen again in the future," he said.	他说“我希望此案能尽快解决，这样未来就不会再发生这样的事。”
Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up a non-judicial mechanism to settle historic human-rights violations.	2016 年 10 月安全部长维兰多称他要设立一个非司法机制来解决侵犯人权这一历史遗留问题。
But the excuses started almost immediately.	但是推脱的借口也几乎立马响起。
"Most of the violations occurred a long time ago.	他说，“大部分的侵犯发生在很久以前。
Some were in the '90s and in early 2000s.	有些是在 90 年代和 2000 年代初。
The point is we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes to go through," he said.	重点是我们已致力于解决这些侵犯，但是这还需要一个过程。”
Then Wiranto backtracked when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he has no plans to establish a grievance mechanism in Papua.	然后 6 月 5 日在雅加达，维兰多在与《时代》杂志对话时出尔反尔，他说他没有在巴布亚建立申诉机制的计划。
Instead, "All will be settled by law," he said.	相反，他说“一切会依法解决。”
Wiranto, who the U.N. has indicted for "crimes against humanity" relating to more than 1,000 deaths during East Timor's bloody 1999 independence vote, said that 11 cases of human-rights violations in Papua have already been settled, including the Paniai incident.	联合国已经就 1999 年东帝汶血腥的独立投票中 1000 多人死亡事件以“反人权罪”对维兰多提起控诉，但他说巴布亚地区 11 宗人权侵犯案已经得到解决，包括帕尼艾事件。
Families of the Paniai victims greeted such claims with grim incredulity.	帕尼艾事件受害者家属对这些说辞嗤之以鼻。
"I've been interviewed four times for the past three years, but there has been no progress at all," Yohanes says.	尤哈内斯说“在过去的三年中，我已经接受了四次采访，但是事情完全没有进展。”
"I'm tired."	多年后他说“我累了。”
He says that years later, he still lives in fear.	他现在仍然生活在恐惧之中。
"I'm afraid," he says.	他说“我很害怕。
"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid to be shot."	我害怕被军队逮捕，害怕被枪杀。”
His brother Yacobus echoed the view that people in Paniai are fearful of discussing the incident.	他的兄弟尤卡布斯也认为帕尼艾的人民很害怕谈论那次事件。
He says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.	他说他在帮助埋葬四名受害者之后被军方打了。
"After burying the bodies, the military came looking for me," he says.	他说“埋了尸体之后，军方来找我。”
The shootings haven't stopped.	枪击并未停止。
On Tuesday, Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's neighboring Deiyai regency.	星期二，印尼警方在帕尼艾邻县德亚伊县枪击村民。
One person died and 17 others were wounded, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to help transport an unconscious man to hospital.	一名建筑公司经理拒绝帮助运送一名昏迷男子去医院，双方发生冲突，一人死亡，另 17 人受伤，其中还有儿童。
The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw who drowned while he was fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.	24 岁的男子拉维亚努斯·多伍在附近河边钓鱼时溺水，在去医院的路上死亡。
Incensed villagers protested in front of the company's site office.	愤怒的村民在该公司的现场办公室前抗议。
Police said the villagers threw rocks at officers, who responded by firing warning shots.	警方称村民向警察扔石头，所以警察开枪警告。
But locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) began shooting at the crowd, killing one.	但是防暴机动部队（印尼准军事警察）开始向人群开枪，一人被杀。
"We were so panicked, we are afraid there will be revenge," 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being hurried in, tells TIME.	29 岁的多明谷·巴迪告诉《时代》杂志称，“我们当时都慌了，现在很害怕他们会报复。”他住在医院附近，当时目睹了伤员被急忙送进医院。
"I have been hiding in my house for two days."	“我在家躲了两天。”
The Deiyai parliament has called for the officers involved to be held to account and the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.	德亚伊议会已经呼吁将涉事警察绳之以法，并将防暴机动部队撤离该地区。
Paniai has always been a troublespot for the Indonesian government.	帕尼艾对印尼政府来说一直是一个是非之地。
The lack of meaningful development feeds the discontent of the tribal Mee, Moni, Dani, and Damal peoples, who live sprawled across Papua's verdant central highlands.	有效发展的缺失滋长了 Mee、Moni、Dani 和 Damal 部落人民的不满，这些部落分散在帕尼艾葱郁的中央高地。
Many joined the Free Papua Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend the rights of the Papuans by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping raids on Indonesian soldiers.	很多人加入了自由巴布亚运动 (OPM)，该组织是一支反叛军队，声称要通过分散袭击和突袭绑架印尼士兵来保护巴布亚人的权利。
Some of the top OPM leaders hail from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.	部分自由巴布亚运动高层领导出生于帕尼艾，包括塔迪尤斯·尤吉和丹尼尔·尤达斯·柯高亚。
In response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained by the military in recent years, under the guise of "safeguarding national sovereignty."	因此，近几年数千帕尼艾人被军方打着“维护国家主权”的幌子逮捕，并故意拘留。
Some never reappear.	有些人再未出现过。
Among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place."	在巴布亚人眼里，帕尼艾就是一个“被遗忘的悲剧之地”。
Poverty feeds the discontent.	贫穷滋长了不满。
The little rice on sale in Enarotali is too expensive for locals to buy.	埃纳罗塔利在售的大米少得可怜，当地人根本买不起。
Bread is just as out of reach.	面包根本就遥不可及。
People here grow everything they eat: mainly nota plus some fruit and leafy vegetables.	这里的人种植他们能吃的一切：主要是红薯和一些水果和叶子蔬菜。
Farming is the job of the women, who each can maintain four or five fields of the sweet potato.	耕种是女人的工作，每一位女性都能照料四块或五块红薯地。
They usually keep most of the harvest for the family, with the rest sold in the local market.	他们通常将大部分收成留作家用，剩余的放到当地市场上卖。
Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupiah (75 cents).	十块红薯只值 1 万印尼卢比（75 美分）。
Over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of a new air routes to Nabire Airport.	随着时间的推移，经济不平等已经在当地巴布亚人和新移民中拉开，自从往那比雷机场的新路线开放以来这些移民的人数就大大增加了。
What few jobs exist typically go to the better-educated and wealthier migrants.	现有的少量工作通常都落到了受过更好教育且更富有的移民手里。
Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.	巴布亚人很少有资金或必需的技能经营有竞争性的公司。
"The young people are not interested to stay in the village ... because there's no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council of Paniai.	帕尼艾部落理事会主席约翰·戈拜称“年轻人并不想留在这个村庄......因为这里没有工作也没有钱。”
Isolation keeps the world's eyes off Papua.	巴布亚与世隔绝。
In addition, reporting restrictions for international media remain tight.	此外国际媒体报道的限制依然很紧。
Earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for a "lack of coordination with related institutions" despite having been granted rare permission to film.	今年早些时候，法国记者弗兰克·埃斯库迪和巴塞尔·隆尚被驱逐出巴布亚，因为他们“不与相关机构配合”，即使他们已经罕见地拿到了拍摄授权。
According to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, Jokowi's election campaign pledges to lift reporting restrictions to boost transparency and development have not been realized.	据人权观察组织亚洲副局长费利姆·凯恩称，佐科维撤销报道限制以促进透明化和发展的选举誓言并没有实现。
"There are new hazards for foreign journalists attempting to report from Indonesia's restive easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.	他在一次声明中称“如果外国记者试图报道印尼最东部的不满省份巴布亚和西巴布亚，他们是有新风险的：拒绝签证和拉入黑名单。”
The lack of press scrutiny means international pressure on the Indonesian government has been largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.	没有媒体监督意味着国际上对印尼政府的压力基本上只局限于巴布亚的邻国。
In March, six Pacific nations - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and the Solomon Islands - urged the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.	3 月份，6 个太平洋国家——汤加、瑙鲁、帕劳、图瓦卢、马绍尔群岛、所罗门群岛——要求联合国人权理事会调查巴布亚“各类普遍的人权侵犯事件”，包括帕尼艾枪击案。
These same countries have historically backed the OPM.	这几个国家也曾支持自由巴布亚运动 。
Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir shrugged off the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta, "In Indonesia, a democratic system still applies and there's free media so it's hard for the evidence of human rights cases to be covered up."	印尼外交部发言人阿尔曼纳塔·纳西尔对该群体的指控满不在乎，他告诉雅加达的记者说，“印尼仍在实行民主体制，而且媒体自由，因此人权侵犯案的证据是很难被掩盖的。”
Local people want more foreign governments to take note.	当地人希望更多外国政府重视。
When an official delegation from the Netherlands, headed by the nation's human rights ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4, local people broke their silence, beseeching, "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting but who asked to stay anonymous.	据一位知情人士透露，5 月 4 日，荷兰人权大使凯斯·万·巴尔带领官员代表团访问查亚普拉时，当地人民打破了沉默，哀求道“我们想要自由。”他也参加了那次会议，但要求匿名。
Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but Papuans say they are unlikely to vote again for Jokowi.	印尼将在 2019 年举行下一届总统选举，但是巴布亚人称他们不太可能再投佐科维。
"Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people who are involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the tribal council chairman.	部落理事会主席戈拜称“佐科维的意图是好的，但是他周围都是参与了帕尼艾枪击案的人。”
He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, aside from living under the looming threat of a rapacious military, wallow in destitution, with paltry education and health services.	他想让佐科维知道帕尼艾人民不仅生活在贪婪的军队的威胁之下，而且一无所有，这个地区教育寥寥，公共医疗保健服务匮乏。
Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, consider their vote to Jokowi as a "debt" he must repay.	戈拜说帕尼艾人民像其他巴布亚人一样认为他们投给佐科维的选票是他必须偿还的债务。
"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.	他说“他们不需要钱，他们需要正义。”
Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai shooting victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: burying one victim's body on land just opposite the police and military station.	即使在威胁与恐吓之下，帕尼艾枪击案受害者的家属依然作出了他们最后一次象征性的反抗：将一具受害者尸体埋在那个军事警察岗哨的对面。
Knowing that justice may never be served, at least they won't let those responsible forget their crimes.	他们知道正义也许永远不会到来，但至少他们不会让那些罪魁祸首忘记他们的罪行。
"A member of our family has been killed," says Yacobus, head bowed.	尤卡布斯低着头说“我的家人被杀了，
"What else could we do?"	我们还能做什么？”
Brands such as Suofeiya, Holike and Topstrong have leveraged the strength of capital to actively grow their business in the customized home furnishing industry. On February 10, 2017, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) approved the IPO application of Guangzhou Shangpin Home Collection Co., Ltd., and issued a listing permit on the Small and Medium Enterprise Board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange. More than 20 days ago, Oppein Home Group received approval for its IPO.	索菲亚、好莱客、顶固等品牌借助资本力量正在定制家居行业大施拳脚，2017年2月10日，中国证监会核准广东尚品宅配家居股份有限公司的首发申请，下发深交所中小板上市通行证，此前20多天欧派家居刚刚IPO首发通过。
Industry insiders believed that with the listings of Shangpin Home Collection and Oppein Home Group, the customized home furnishing sector, which was already soaring, will turn from production competition to competing for capital.	业内人士认为，随着尚品宅配、欧派家居的接踵上市，原本就处在风口上的定制家居领域将由产品竞争转向资本角逐。
At the beginning of the new year, when Shangpin Home Collection’s IPO was first approved, news of the listing of this classic brand, which represented the customized home furnishing sector, attracted the attention of the entire home furnishing industry.	尚品宅配首发获批新年伊始，定制家居领域一个典型的代表品牌尚品宅配即将上市的消息，吸引着整个家居行业的关注。
On the 9th (Beijing time), Reuters reported that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd launched its first set of components for autonomous driving and infotainment solutions it jointly developed with Harman International on Tuesday. This was a major move by the company to expand into the automotive electronics market.	北京时间9日路透社称，三星电子公司周二发布了与哈曼国际（Harman International）共同开发的首套自动驾驶车用的组件，以及信息娱乐解决方案，这是该公司进军车用电子市场的重要举措。
Samsung Electronics acquired Harman International about a year ago.	三星电子在大约一年前收购了哈曼国际。
At the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) held in Las Vegas this week, Samsung unveiled its automotive camera equipped with collision warning, lane-departure warning, and adaptive cruise control, which was also developed jointly with Harman.	在本周于拉斯维加斯举办的消费电子产品展（CES）上，三星发布了具有碰撞警示、车道偏移警示、巡航控制功能的车用摄影机，这些产品是与哈曼合作开发的。
Samsung plans to begin shipping this camera system, which is built on automatic machine learning and augmented reality technology this year.	三星计划今年开始出货这套摄影机系统，这套系统是建构在机器自动学习及扩增实境等技术上。
Samsung also exhibited a “digital cockpit”, which allows a car to adapt to the personalized characteristics of the driver even if he or she is not the car owner by accessing the user’s information from mobile devices and cloud.	三星同时也展示了“数字驾驶舱”，就算驾驶人不是车主，也可以让车辆更具个人化特色，因这套系统可以让用户从移动设备及云端下载驾驶人的资料。
The 20th round of CBA regular season will begin tonight, which also means the start of the second half of CBA league in 2016~2017 season.	今晚，CBA第20轮常规赛的比赛即将开始，这也意味着2016~2017赛季的CBA联赛下半程开始。
Fire engulfs Dubai's 'Torch' skyscraper for second time	大火再次吞没迪拜“火炬”摩天塔
A fire ripped through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of occupants to flee the 337 metre-tall, 79-storey structure.	周五，迪拜一座世界最高的住宅大楼发生火灾，迫使数百名居民逃离这座高 337 米，79 层的超高层建筑。
It's the second blaze to sweep through the high-rise - which happens to be called the Torch tower - in just two years.	这是短短两年内第二场横扫高层建筑的大火，而恰巧发生在是被称为“火炬”的摩天塔。
The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and there was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze.	该大楼已经进行了疏散，没有人员受伤的报道，目前还未发现导致大火的原因。
"We were sleeping and we woke up to the fire alarm and people screaming.	“我们正在睡觉，然后我们被火警吵醒，人们就开始尖叫了。
We ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to reach from the 50th floor," a resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.	我们跑下楼梯，从 50 层跑下来大约需要 10 分钟，“一位叫乔治的居民告诉路透社。
Dubai's civil defence authorities said firefighting squads put out the blaze at around 4.00 am local time (0000 GMT) and were cooling the building.	迪拜的民防当局称，消防队在当地时间 (格林威治标准时间 0000) 4 点左右扑灭了大火，并正在为该大楼进行降温处理。
The government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.	政府表示正在努力为受到影响的人员提供避难场所。
The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used on the exteriors of tall buildings across the world.	这起事故可能会再次引发世界各地对高层建筑使用外墙材料安全问题的关注。
An investigation by the management of the Torch after its 2015 fire found that most of the damage was to the cladding, exterior panelling used for decoration or insulation.	“火炬”摩天大厦管理层在其 2015 年发生的火灾后进行的一项调查发现，被损坏的大部分物体的是装饰和绝缘用的覆层外墙板。
In the UK, police have said they believe the system of insulation and cladding panels on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire there in June in which some 80 people died.	英国警方已经表示，他们认为伦敦格伦费尔大楼的隔热和覆面板系统的问题可能是导致 6 月份火迅速蔓延的原因，这场大火造成约 80 人死亡大。
The Williams team also suggested that Massa might return, even though he had already announced his retirement.	威廉姆斯车队还暗示马萨有可能会重返，尽管他已经宣布了退役。
January 9 is just a month away from the PyeongChang Winter Olympics. As the Olympic torch relay moves north, warm-ups and intense preparations for the Games were carried out. South Korea was warming up for the Winter Olympics.	1月9日距离韩国平昌冬奥会开幕仅剩一个月，随着奥运圣火从南向北的传递预热和各项筹备工作紧锣密鼓地进行，韩国国内的冬奥气氛日益浓厚。
Public opinion in South Korea hope that this long-waited North-South Dialog would lead to an “Easter egg” (nice surprise) for the countdown to the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games.	韩国舆论期待这一久违的朝韩会谈，能为平昌冬奥会倒计时一个月带来一颗“彩蛋”。
The Winter Olympic torch arrived in South Korea on November 1 last year.	去年11月1日，平昌冬奥会圣火抵达韩国。
The fervor stirred up by the Olympic torch is directly reflected on the sale of admission tickets for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.	圣火掀起的热潮直接反映在了平昌冬奥会的门票销售上。
A little over two months ago, the proportion of tickets sold lingered at 32% for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, and a mere 4.3% for the Winter Paralympics. The sluggish ticket sales caused concern among the outside world about the popularity of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics at one point.	就在两个多月前，平昌冬奥会门票销售率还只徘徊在３２％，冬残奥会门票销售率更是只有４.３％，低迷的门票销售率一度令外界对平昌冬奥会的人气倍感担忧。
However, just as the Chairman of the PyeongChang Organizing Committee for the 2018 Olympic & Paralympic Winter Games, Lee Hee-Beom predicted, “As the Winter Olympic torch is carried and passed on across South Korea, interest in the Winter Olympics will rise. I believe that ticket sales will turn around very quickly”.	但正如平昌冬奥会组委会主席李熙范不久前对记者预测的那样，“随着冬奥会圣火在韩国各地传递，冬奥会的热度日益高涨，相信门票销售状况很快就会好转”。
South Korean media reported that as of January 3, the proportion of tickets sold for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics has reached 64%, and that for the Paralympics has also exceeded 50%.	据韩国媒体报道，截至1月3日，平昌冬奥会门票销售已达到64%，冬残奥会门票销售率也突破了50%。
To encourage foreigners to come to watch the Games, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice has also announced on the 8th that foreigners who visit the country for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics may extend their stay for up to 120 days.	为鼓励外国人赴韩观赛，韩国法务部8日还宣布，将为访韩观看平昌冬奥会的外国人延长在韩停留时间，最长可停留120天。
More than 1 in 5 US travellers carry prohibited items onto aircraft, survey finds	调查发现，超过五分之一的美国旅行者携带违禁物品登机
A survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 per cent had knowingly or unknowingly smuggled prohibited items past the US Transportation Security Administration checkpoints onto the aircraft, including at least 6 per cent who boarded the plane while unintentionally carrying prohibited knives or other bladed objects.	一项针对飞机乘客的调查发现，超过 20% 的乘客曾故意或非故意夹带非法物品通过美国运输安全管理局检查站登机，其中至少有 6% 的乘客非故意携带违禁刀具或其他带刃物登机。
Less than 1 per cent claimed that they discovered belatedly that they had mistakenly travelled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.	不足 1% 的乘客宣称他们事后才发现误带枪支、弹药或爆炸物旅行。
The survey of more than 1000 people - which was conducted by a jet-chartering service Stratos Jet Charters Inc. - also found that younger travellers were more likely to flout the rules.	这项针对超过 1000 人的调查由包机服务公司 Stratos Jet Charters Inc. 进行，调查还发现，年轻旅行者更可能公然无视规定。
Of the respondents who admitted knowingly trying to fly with something banned by the TSA, 19.7 per cent were millennials, compared with less than 15 per cent who were members of Generation X.	承认曾试图故意携带 TSA 违禁物品登机的回答者中，有 19.7% 为千禧世代，相比之下 X 世代人群不足 15%。
The most common items whisked past TSA agents on purpose were food and liquids.	最常见的故意溜过 TSA 安检人员的物品是食品和饮料。
More than 3 per cent admitted knowingly carrying bladed items past security, while 2.2 per cent of female respondents and 3.7 per cent of male respondents also acknowledged intentionally carrying prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.	超过 3% 的人承认曾故意携带带刃物过安检，而 2.2% 的女性回答者和 3.7% 的男性回答者也表示曾故意携带违禁药物登机。
The company said it surveyed travellers around the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so on purpose.	该公司称此次调查全国旅行者是为了了解意外携带和故意携带禁运品过飞机安检登机的人数。
It's no surprise that the people most likely to haul contraband past security - knowingly or unknowingly - were those who fly the most.	并不意外的是最可能携带禁运品过安检的人——故意或非故意——是那些飞得最频繁的人。
As the company points out, however, the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.	然而，该公司指出 TSA 指南有点复杂难懂。
People are often uncertain of what liquids they can carry or how much of them.	人们通常不确定可以携带何种以及多少液体。
So it's no surprise that the largest amount of stuff seized by the TSA happens to be forbidden liquids.	因此 TSA 缴获最多的正好是违禁液体也就不奇怪了。
For a time, people thought the TSA might be treating books as contraband.	人们曾一度认为 TSA 可能将书本也当成了禁运品。
Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international ones.	国内航班允许携带液体，但国际航班则不允许携带。
EPA Chief Pruitt Backtracks on Delaying Obama-Era Rules to Reduce Emissions	美国环保局局长普鲁特对奥巴马时代的减排条例改变主意
One day after getting sued by 15 states, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt reversed his earlier decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules reducing emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.	在被 15 个州起诉一天后，环境保护局局长斯科特·普鲁特改变了他早先推迟实施奥巴马时代减少烟雾空气污染物排放规定的决定。
Pruitt presented the change as his agency being more responsive than past administrations to the needs of state environmental regulators.	普鲁特提出作出这个改变，因为相比以前的政府，环境保护局能够针对环境监管州立机构的需求作出更快速的反应。
He made no mention of the legal challenge filed against his prior position in a federal appeals court.	他没有提及联邦上诉法院针对他的前任职位提起的法律挑战。
At issue is an Oct. 1 deadline for states to begin meeting 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.	争议的焦点是设置 10 月 1 日为各州开始实现 2015 年地面臭氧标准的最后期限。
Pruitt announced in June he would delay compliance by one year to give his agency more time to study the plan and avoid "interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth."	6 月份，普鲁特宣布他将延迟履约一年，以便让环境保护局有更多时间研究该计划，避免“干扰当地决策或阻碍经济增长”。
Pruitt, who was Oklahoma's state attorney general prior to his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long served as a reliable opponent of stricter environmental regulations.	在被唐纳德·特朗普总统任命之前，普鲁特是俄克拉何马州总检察长，长期以来反对环境法规的严格化。
Since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly moved to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil-fuel industries.	自从抵达华盛顿以来，普鲁特一再转而阻止或推迟化学和化石燃料行业反对的法规。
Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.	周三的突然反转是普鲁特监管转返议程上一项最新的法律障碍。
Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled the EPA administrator overstepped his authority in trying to delay implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.	上月，华盛顿联邦上诉法院裁定环境保护局局长越权，试图推迟执行奥巴马政府要求石油和天然气公司监控和减少甲烷泄漏的规定。
In a statement issued Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested his about-face on ozone standards simply reinforced the EPA's commitment to working with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.	在周三晚上发布的一份声明中，普鲁特提出他对于臭氧标准的态度大转弯，表示要加强环境保护局的承诺，与各州展开合作，采取复杂的程序达成新标准。
"Under previous administrations, EPA would often fail to meet designation deadlines, and then wait to be sued by activist groups and others, agreeing in a settlement to set schedules for designation," said Pruitt, who sued EPA more than a dozen times in his prior job.	普鲁特表示，“在以前的政府管理下，环保局通常达不到指定的期限，然后等激进团体和其他人士起诉，再同意通过协议确定指定时间表。”他在以前的工作中对环境保护局发起十几次起诉。
"We do not believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.	“我们不相信通过诉讼进行的监管，我们认真对待最后期限。
We also take the statute and the authority it gives us seriously."	我们也认真对待法规和当局。”
Still, the EPA's statement said Pruitt may at some point once again use his "delay authority and all other authority legally available" to ensure regulations "are founded on sound policy and the best available information."	尽管如此，环保局的声明表示，普鲁特可能再次使用他的“延期授权和所有其他合法可用的授权”来确保各项规定符合“良好的政策和可用的最佳信息”。
Republicans in Congress are pushing for a broader rewrite of the ozone rules.	国会中的共和党人正在推动大范围改写臭氧层条例。
A House bill approved last month seeks to delay implementation of the 2015 rules at least eight years.	上月批准的众议院法案旨在使 2015 年规则推迟至少八年实施。
The measure has not yet been brought to a vote in the Senate.	这项措施尚未在参议院投票。
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up the legal pressure.	纽约州检察长埃里克·施耐德曼领导各州联盟本周起诉美国环保局，称其打算维持法律压力。
"The EPA's reversal - following our lawsuits - is an important win for the health and safety of those 6.7 million New Yorkers, and the over 115 million Americans directly impacted by smog pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.	施耐德曼说：“美国环保局的反转 – 在我们提起诉讼之后 - 对于 670 万纽约人的健康和安全来说是具有重要意义的胜利，有超过 1.15 亿美国人的社区直接受到烟雾排放的影响。”
New York was joined in the case by California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington, and the District of Columbia.	加利福尼亚州、康涅狄格州、特拉华州、伊利诺伊州、爱荷华州、缅因州、马萨诸塞州、明尼苏达州、新墨西哥州、俄勒冈州、宾夕法尼亚州、罗德岛州、佛蒙特州和华盛顿州以及哥伦比亚特区都加入纽约州的行列，参与到这个案件当中。
Ground-level ozone is created when common pollutants emitted by cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources react in the atmosphere to sunlight.	地面臭氧是汽车、发电厂、炼油厂、化工厂和其他来源排放的常见污染物在大气中阳光照射下产生反应而形成的。
The resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems among sensitive groups of people, contributing to thousands of premature deaths each year.	由此产生的烟雾会给敏感人群造成严重的呼吸问题，每年造成数千人过早死亡。
Public health advocates and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.	当然，公共健康倡导者和环保人士为普鲁特令人惊讶的转变感到欢呼。
"It's disturbing how much pressure it took to get this commonsense step from the guy in charge of protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.	生物多样性中心的洛里·安·伯德表示：“令人感到不安的是，这个常识性措施遭到来自保护我们呼吸所需空气的部门负责人的巨大压力。”
"We've got to keep fighting the Trump administration's ideological crusade to pander to polluters and special interests."	“我们必须与特朗普政府为迎合污染者和特殊利益群体的思想运动斗争到底。”
In addition to the external factor of rebounding steel prices, enterprises are also forging arduously ahead on the path of lowering costs.	除了钢价回暖的外部因素，企业也在降低成本的路上艰难行进。
As enterprises resume production on a large scale, steel prices have begun to fall.	伴随着企业大面积复产，钢价开始趋于回落。
At present, both China Iron and Steel Association and the National Bureau of Statistics have yet to release June’s earnings figures for the steel industry.	目前中钢协和国家统计局均未发布6月钢铁行业盈利数据。
Beijing Railway Administration revealed that railway transportation for the 2017 Spring Festival will begin on January 13 and end on February 21, a total of 40 days.	从北京铁路局获悉，2017年铁路春运自1月13日起至2月21日止，共计40天。
My goal was to learn about the state of artificial intelligence -- where we're further along than people realize and where we're still a long ways off.	我的目标是了解人工智能的现状——我们目前的进步远超人们的预期，但仍有很长的路要走。
Yesterday, two land parcels at Fangshan and Daxing, offered for tender on-site, were transacted for a total of RMB1,845.2 million.	昨日，位于房山、大兴的两宗土地迎来现场竞拍，两宗地块总计以18.452亿元成交。
Recently, Japanese anime film “Your Name” was a massive hit in Asia. In Japan, this film became the first film after “Spirited Away”, directed by Hayao Miyazaki, to exceed JPY20 billion in 15 years, taking second place in box office rankings.	近期，日本动画《你的名字》风靡亚洲，在日本，该片成为宫崎骏导演的《千与千寻》之后，15年来首次破200亿日元的影片，跃居票房排行榜第二位。
Since the second half of 2009, sales (volume) of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs have remained relatively buoyant. This Spring in particular, sales of Xiaoshan’s seedlings recorded a historic high. Sales volume grew significantly and prices jumped. Statistics revealed that for the first six months of the year, the sales revenue of seedlings in the Xiaoshan District increased by 48% year-on-year, and the magnitude of the growth rate was the biggest in nearly 20 years.	自2009年下半年以来，萧山花木销售量（额）一直保持较高态势，特别是今春，萧山苗木销售再创历史新高，销量大增、价格大涨，据统计，今年1至6月萧山区实现苗木销售收入比去年同期增长48%，增长幅度之大为近20年之最。
Shi Haiyong, Deputy Director of the Xiaoshan Forestry Bureau, said that the production of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs also grown rapidly along with the positive sales trend.	萧山区林业局副局长施海勇表示，伴随良好的销售形势，萧山花木生产也取得了较快的发展。
In the last two years, the planting acreage of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs have expanded by 30,000 mu, with total area at 180,000 mu. At the same time, expansion is being actively carried out outside the region. Xiaoshan’s farmers have been setting up flowering tree and shrub bases totaling 80,000 mu across the country, an increase of 30,000 mu from that in 2008.	近两年萧山花木种植面积扩大了3万亩，总面积达到了18万亩；同时积极向区外发展，萧山苗农在全国各地建立花木基地达到8万亩，比2008年增加了3万亩。
While expanding planting acreage, the quality of the seedlings have also continued to improve; the existing value of the nurseries has been rising. More large specimen and high quality seedlings have been preserved, and sellers have been reluctant to sell some seedlings.	在种植面积扩大的同时，苗木质量也不断提高，苗圃圃存价值不断提升，大规格、高品质的苗木留存较多，部分苗木出现惜售现象。
Shi Haiyong also said that confronted with the current buoyant peak production and sales period, producers should calmly face and objectively analyze the situation, and take into consideration that the demand for flowering trees and shrubs is long term and will continue to increase. At the same time, they should also be aware that market competition will intensify.	施海勇还提醒，面对目前产销两旺的繁荣景象，生产者应该冷静面对、客观分析，既要看到社会对花木的需求将是长期、不断增加的，同时也要认识到市场竞争将更加激烈。
July 13 morning Beijing Time. US-based Somaltus filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas accusing Apple of infringing on a battery technology patent it applied for in 2010.	北京时间7月13日上午消息，美国Somaltus公司向东德克萨斯地区法院提交诉讼，指控苹果侵犯其2010年申请的一项电池技术专利。
The company had previously used the same patent to sue Asus, Lenovo, Samsung, Sony and Toshiba.	该公司之前也曾用同样的专利起诉过华硕、联想、三星、索尼和东芝。
The lawsuit claimed that iPhone 6s and Apple equipment similar to it have violated US Patent No. 7,657,386, which is known as “Integrated battery service system”.	该诉讼称，iPhone 6s和与之类似的苹果设备均侵犯了7,657,386号美国专利，该专利名称为《综合电池服务系统》。
The plaintiff is seeking monetary damages or royalties on the infringing equipment upon announcement of the verdict.	原告希望获得现金赔偿，或者针对判决宣布后的侵权设备收取专利费。
According to the indictment, the plaintiff appears to believe that iPhone’s fast-charging technology jas violated the former’s patent.	从起诉书判断，原告似乎认为iPhone的快充功能侵犯了该公司的专利。
iPhone’s fast-charging function charges the battery quickly until to 80% of its capacity, then switches to slower trickle charging.	具备快充功能的iPhone会快速将电量充到80%，之后再进行涓流充电。
Somaltus is actually a so-called “patent troll” because the company does not provide any apparent product or service, and it is hard to find any information on the company online.	Somaltus其实是一家所谓的“专利流氓”，因为该公司并不提供明显的产品和服务，而且在网上很难查找到相关信息。
However, it has successfully reached out-of-court settlement with auto makers such as Ford and Nissan with this patent.	然而，他们已经成功就这项专利与福特和日产等汽车厂商达成了庭外和解。
The meeting believed that accelerating information development; promoting interconnection and integration, as well as efficient utilization of resources; and enhancing the level of digitization and intelligence in industry would have great significance for advancing “Made in China 2025”; entrepreneurship and innovation by the masses; developing new drivers; and raising the standard of living for the masses.	会议认为，加快信息化发展，促进资源互联集成、高效利用，提升产业数字化、智能化水平，对推动“中国制造2025”和大众创业、万众创新，培育新动能，提高群众生活品质，意义重大。
“At Café 6”, a Taiwanese movie about the relationship of a group of youths, starring Dong Zijian, is a film competing for the current film festival’s media award. “De Lan”, another movie in which he is the leading actor, has also been shortlisted for the Golden Goblet Award.	由董子健主演的台湾热血青春片《六弄咖啡馆》是本届电影节传媒大奖竞赛片，另一部由他主演的华语片《德兰》更入围主竞赛单元争夺金爵奖。
The 23-year-old, dressed in a camouflage T-shirt and black sweat pants, looked young and radiant. As there were not enough chairs in the interview room, he sat on the floor and said, “Let’s start. Chatting like this isn’t half bad.”	今年23岁的他，身穿迷彩T恤、黑色运动裤，一身青春阳光。因为采访间的椅子不够，他就直接坐在了地上，说：“来吧，就这样聊挺好的。”
It was earlier revealed that the railway department would enhance the capacity of and remodel the 12306 website, and launch new services during the Spring Festival transportation ticket purchase period. Identifying codes for close to 60% of railway tickets will no longer be required.	据此前透露，铁路部门对12306网站进行扩容改造，春运购票期间推出新服务，近六成车票不再需要使用验证码。
Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment according to leaked phone call transcripts	据泄露的电话记录显示，特朗普曾向墨西哥施压要求支付边境筑墙费用
Transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been leaked by the Washington Post.	《华盛顿邮报》泄露了美国总统唐纳德?特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚领导人之间的通话记录。
On 27th January in a phone call to Mexican president, Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump urged him to stop publicly saying he would not pay for a proposed border wall.	1 月 27 日，在向墨西哥总统恩里克·佩纳·涅托通话中，特朗普敦促他停止公开表示不会支付拟建边界墙的费用。
The US President berated him for publicly denouncing the wall, reportedly saying to him "You cannot say that to the press."	据报道，美国总统对他公开抨击隔离墙表示不满，据称普特朗曾对他说：“你不要告诉媒体。”
Trump launched his presidential campaign on a promise to build a wall along the US southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.	特朗普在总统竞选活动中承诺在美国南部边界建造隔离墙，并郑重宣布要让墨西哥就该项目付费。
Transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published revealing a tense exchange.	他与澳大利亚总理马尔科姆·特恩布尔之间的通话记录也被公布，该记录显示出他们之间紧张的交流。
Mr Trump told Mr Turnbull a deal for the US to take on refugees headed for Australia was "ridiculous," "rotten" and "stupid," insisting the deal, brokered under the Obama administration, would make him look like "a dope" after he had proposed a ban on refugee resettlement in the US.	特朗普告诉特恩布尔，美国承担难民遣送至澳大利亚的交易是“荒谬的”，“令人讨厌的”和“愚蠢的”，他曾建议美国禁止难民重新安置，而现在坚持奥巴马政府斡旋下的交易，这将使他看起来像是一个“傻瓜”。
Mr Trump ended the call after telling Mr Turnbull "this is the most unpleasant call all day."	特朗普在告诉特恩布尔“这是今天最不愉快的通话”之后挂了电话。
In his Nobel Prize banquet speech read by the United States Ambassador to Sweden, Bob Dylan said that he was out on the road when when he received news that he had won the award. “It took me more than a few minutes to properly process it.”	在美国驻瑞典大使代为朗读的获奖感言中，迪伦表示收到获奖消息时还在巡演的路上，“我花了好一会儿的时间才反应过来”。
Renowned Chinese tenor and folk song performer, Guo Song, passed away at the age 85 in Beijing at 7am today.	今天上午7时，我国著名男高音歌唱家和民歌演唱家郭颂在北京去世，享年85岁。
Guo Song wrote and sang more than 50 works including “The New Goods Deliveryman”, “Wusuli Boat Song”, “I Love These Young People”, and “Heartwarming”.	郭颂曾创作、演唱了《新货郎》、《乌苏里船歌》、《我爱这些年轻人》、《甜透了咱心窝》等50余首作品。
It is understood that the first lawsuit concerning graphene will be released next week. This has sounded the alarm for China’s graphene products’ trademark brands.	据了解，下周有关石墨烯的首个诉讼案件将会发布，这将对中国石墨烯产品商标品牌敲响了警钟。
Residential property prices in popular cities nationwide stabilized in November. In particular, prices stopped rising in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen. Going forward, the level of residential property prices in some cities will continue to decline.	11月份全国热点城市房价趋稳，其中京沪深止涨，未来部分城市房价水平将继续回落。
Xinhua News Agency Seoul January 9 wire (Reporter: Lu Rui, Geng Xuepeng) South Korea and North Korea concluded high-level talks on the night of the 9th at Panmunjom. Both parties issued a joint declaration, having reached a consensus on North Korea participating in the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games, the two parties holding military talks and other matters.	新华社首尔１月９日电（记者陆睿　耿学鹏）韩国和朝鲜９日晚在板门店结束高级别会谈，双方发布共同声明，就朝方参加平昌冬奥会、双方举行军事部门会谈等事项达成一致。
According to the joint declaration issued by the two parties, North Korea will send a high-level delegation and the national Olympic Committee delegation to the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.	根据双方发布的共同声明，朝方将派遣高级别代表团和民族奥林匹克委员会代表团参加平昌冬奥会。
In addition, North Korea will also send athletes, a group of cheerleaders, artists, reporters and other groups. South Korea will provide the necessary convenience in this regard.	此外，朝方还将派遣运动员团、啦啦队、艺术团、记者团等团体访韩；韩方对此提供必要的便利。
North and South Korea also reached a consensus on easing the current military tensions, and have decided to hold military talks.	韩朝还就缓解当前军事紧张局势达成一致，并决定举行韩朝军事部门会谈。
The report analyzed the results of a survey of 1,045 foreign tourists who visited Seoul in December last year.	报告对去年12月访问首尔的1045名外国游客参与问卷调查的结果进行了分析。
The report indicated that the per capita spending for shopping by foreign tourists amounted to KRW1.06 million.	报告指出，外国游客人均购物额为106万韩元。
In particular, the per capita spending for shopping by Chinese tourists, at KRW2.13 million, was the highest; this was 6.5 times that of Japanese tourists and 3.2 times that of American and European tourists.	其中，中国游客人均购物额最大，为213万韩元，达日本游客的6.5倍、美欧游客的3.2倍。
With respect to the purpose for visiting Seoul, the answer from 62.2% of Chinese tourists was “shopping”; 94.4% of Chinese tourists purchased cosmetics.	被问及来首尔旅游的目的，62.2%的中国游客回答“购物”，94.9%的中国游客购买化妆品。
96.3% of Chinese tourists shopped at urban duty-free shops, with per capita spending at KRW1.56 million.	96.3%的中国游客在市区免税店购物，人均花费156万韩元。
At TFBOYS’ third anniversary meet-the-fans event this year, Chen Junting served as the music producer of the event.	今年，TFBOYS三周年粉丝见面会，陈俊廷担任了活动的音乐制作人。
Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists Reenact Racist Lynching as a Call for Justice	摩尔滩惨案：活动者再现种族主义私刑，伸张正义
A 1948 Ford Mercury passed through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward the small Moore's Ford Bridge.	一辆 1948 年的福特水星汽车穿过佐治亚州门罗小镇的一群围观者，朝着小小的摩尔滩桥隆隆奔行。
Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.	车上载有四名黑人乘客和一名白人司机，在车抵达这座桥之前，一群带枪的白人走向前，堵住了汽车前进的路。
The leader of the mob - a middle aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.	这帮暴徒的头儿 - 一名穿着细条纹西装的中年男子 – 深吸一口雪茄，眼睛瞥进挡风玻璃。
Inside, the occupants reeled in fear.	车内乘客充满恐惧。
"We want that n----r Roger!" the man barked.	“我们想要 - 罗杰！” 那人喊道。
"Get him out of the car!"	“把他从车里拖出来！”
Screams ripped through the silence as a young black man was dragged from the front passenger seat.	一名年轻的黑人从前排乘客座位上被拖下来，尖叫声刺破沉默。
Fortunately, this horrific scene, which played out on July 22, is just a reenactment.	幸运的是，7 月 22 日这个可怕的场面只是一场重演。
But when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger," nearly everyone in the audience let out very real gasps.	但是，当“罗杰”的脖子上套上套索时，几乎所有围观的观众都发出了真切的喘息声。
Since 2005, civil rights activists have returned to the Moore's Ford Bridge to recreate the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom, and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.	自 2005 年以来，民权活动者重返摩尔滩桥，再现两对黑人夫妇 - 罗杰和多萝西·马尔康以及乔治和梅雷·多西 - 1946 年被三 K 党私刑绞死那天晚上的场景。
No one has ever been charged with the murders.	从未有人被指控谋杀。
"It's mind boggling that all of these years, not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities; even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.	“虽然我们知道他们是谁，尽管我们在社区中看到过他们，但这些年来，他们没有一个人遭发逮捕，这着实令人难以置信，”帮助组织这次重演的蒂龙·布鲁克斯说道。
"It's a stain on a history, but it's a burden on our souls."	“这是历史的污点，是我们灵魂的负担。”
Brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia state congressman and lifelong civil rights activist.	布鲁克斯 71 岁，是一位佐治亚州前议员和终身维权活动家。
For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.	对他而言，重演是一场引人注目的号召行动，每年提醒门罗社区的人们，不公正从未得到纠正。
"We want prosecution, we want closure, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but we have to have justice first," he said.	“我们想起诉，我们要结案，我们要治愈，我们希望和解，但我们必须首先得到正义，”他说。
"We can't get to healing and reconciliation until we get justice."	“除非我们得到正义，否则我们就得不到治愈及和解。”
A coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore's Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.	1946 年 7 月 27 日，验尸官在一名摩尔滩私刑受害者的尸体上盖上床单。
According to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching.	根据美国全国广播公司新闻获得的联邦调查局档案，来自门罗和周边各县的 50 多名男子涉嫌参与私刑。
But not one was ever prosecuted.	但他们中没有一人被起诉过。
Though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the twin motivations for the lynchings were always well known throughout town: politics and sex.	虽然嫌疑人数十年来一直处于逍遥法外的状态，但民权活动者表示，实施私刑的双重动机在整个城镇都是众所周知的：政治和性。
In April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling enabled black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer.	1946 年 4 月，最高法院的一项裁决使佐治亚州的黑人公民得以在当年夏天晚些时候首次在初选中进行投票。
Around the same time of the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed Barnett Hester, a white landowner, during a fight - ostensibly over a woman.	根据联邦调查局的统计，大约在同一时间，黑人佃农罗杰·马尔科姆在一场斗争中刺杀了白人地主巴内特·赫斯特 - 看起来像是为了一个女人。
Brooks said the town rumor was that Hester had been sleeping with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.	布鲁克斯说，镇上的传言是赫斯特睡了马尔科姆的妻子多萝西，她的宝宝也不是她丈夫的。
On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to bail Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.	联邦调查局称，1946 年 7 月 25 日，地位显赫的白人地主洛伊·哈里森花了 600 美元将马尔科姆保释出狱。
He was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy, and their cousins, Mae Murray and George Dorsey.	多萝西和堂兄妹麦·美瑞和乔治·多尔西陪他到监狱。
But, driving away from the jail, as they approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.	但是，当他们从监狱回来，快到摩尔滩桥时，一群私刑暴徒把车围了起来。
"As it turns out it was Harrison who set up and ordered the murders," one FBI report concludes.	“事实证明，是哈里森组织并命令执行了这场谋杀，”一份 FBI 报告得出了这样的结论。
"It is also apparent that there was a conspiracy among state and local law enforcement, who not only took part in the murders, disposed of evidence and concealed the identity of witnesses."	“很明显，州和地方执法部门之间存在阴谋，他们不仅参与了谋杀，毁灭了证据，还隐瞒了证人的身份。”
Brooks put it more succinctly.	布鲁克斯十分简明扼要。
"It was a voting rights massacre," he said.	他表示，“这是一场投票权惨案。”
"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: 'If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you.'"	“他们惨遭杀害，是凶手向这个社区的黑人发出信息：‘如果你注册并投票，你也将遭遇同样的结局。'”
For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene has directed the annual reenactment of the Moore's Ford Bridge lynchings.	近十年来，卡桑德拉·格林一直负责主导摩尔滩桥私刑惨案的年度重演工作。
Her performance is graphic, gripping and grounded in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.	她的表现手法形象鲜明，扣人心弦，带有一种深刻的种族主义背景。许多人都希望这种种族主义在美国已不复存在。
It's difficult to watch, and even more difficult to look away, but Greene said that's the point.	看很难，不看更难，但格林说这就是关键所在。
"We don't want to talk about the lynching because it makes us face the ugliness in all of us," she said.	“我们不想谈论私刑，因为私刑使我们要面对所有人的丑陋面，”她说。
"But I can't build a relationship with you, if you won't hear me, or hear what I've been through."	“但是，如果你不听我说话，或者不听到我讲述自己的经历，我就不能和你建立关系。”
Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene launched into a well-rehearsed overview of the play.	今年的演出于六月开始，第一天有将近 30 名演员 - 十几位白人，其余为黑人 - 挤在一间屋子里，听取格林发布排练好的演出概览。
Wade Marbaugh serves as Greene's co-director.	韦德·马尔鲍担任格林的联合导演。
He's played the part of the head Klansman for years, but he said the role never gets any easier.	多年来，他一直扮演着三 K 党的角色，但他说这个角色从不轻松。
"I feel dirty because this is not who I am," said Marbaugh.	“我感觉很肮脏，因为我不是这样的人，” 马尔鲍说。
"But I think it's very important to keep this history alive because we don't want to go back to those times."	“但我认为保持这段历史的鲜活度非常重要，因为我们不想再回到那个时代。”
Across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.	房间里，扮演罗杰·马尔科姆和巴内特·赫斯特的演员达里奥斯·布拉德肖和尼克·拉斯科纳在排练他们的台词。
The play begins with Malcom shouting and shoving Hester, livid that he's been sleeping with his wife, Dorothy.	这场戏开始时，马尔科姆大喊大叫并推开赫斯特，对他睡了自己的妻子多萝西感到气愤不已。
"I said n---a, get off my property!"	“我说啊，滚出我的地盘！”
Rascona fires back.	拉斯科纳回击道。
There's a beat.	接着他们就打了起来。
And then everyone (at least all the black actors) bursts into laughter.	然后每个人（至少所有的黑人演员）爆发出了笑声。
Greene laughs the hardest.	格林笑得最厉害。
"What?!," Rascona asked.	“怎么了？！，”拉斯科纳问道。
He's alarmed, confused.	他感到惊慌、困惑。
Did I go too hard?	我演得太过了吗？
"No," Greene said through chuckles.	“没有，”格林笑着说。
"I just don't think white people back then said 'n---a.'"	“我只是认为白人回击的时候不会说‘啊 '。”
"Yea," one of the other black cast members quipped.	“是的，”另外一名黑人演员打趣道。
"You have to hit the hard 'R.'"	“你的语气必须强硬。”
And just like that the energy in the room shifts; a sense of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.	就这样，房间里的能量发生了变化；友爱的感觉驱走了不适感。
Everyone is dedicated to getting this right, not only for the sake of the play, but also for the memory of the four people killed.	每个人都努力这样做，不仅是为了表演这场戏，也是为了纪念四名遇难者。
The scene begins again.	现场再次开始。
This time, when Rascona says the N-word, it's sharp and emphatic.	这一次，拉斯科纳说这个“啊”字时，语气尖锐而有力。
Absolutely no one laughs.	没有一个人笑场。
The reenactment ends violently and quickly.	重演有力而迅速地结束了。
There's screams, gunfire and then, silence.	尖叫声、枪声大作，然后，就是一片沉默。
A woman dressed in funeral black, stands over the actors bodies and performs Billie Holiday's mournful eulogy, "Strange Fruit."	一位穿着葬礼黑衣的女子站在演员身体边，唱着比利·哈乐黛的哀悼词“奇怪的果实”。
Her voice breaks on every other word.	她的声音压过了其他言语。
A hundred yards back, a group of about four dozen spectators wipe sweat and tears away from their eyes.	一百码之外，大约四十名观众在不停地擦拭着汗水和眼泪。
The audience is almost evenly split between black and white.	观众中黑人和白人几乎各占一半。
One couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many are from just down the road.	有一对夫妇专程从纽约伊萨卡来看演出，还有很多人就住在马路附近。
They've all weathered Georgia's oppressive humidity for the nearly eight hours as Brooks lead them on a pilgrimage to the grave sites of the Malcoms and Dorseys.	布鲁克斯带他们去马尔科姆和多萝西的墓地拜祭，路程将近八小时，大家都在忍受着佐治亚令人不适的湿热感。
Up until this point, the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels haunted.	直到此时，谋杀者仍然是个迷。但现在，站在发生私刑的同一片土地上，空气中弥漫着焦虑。
As the final notes of the song fade, Greene invites the crowd to move closer and inspect the bodies.	当歌曲最后的音符消失时，格林请人们靠近些检查演员扮演的尸体。
Children crouch by their heads, take in the fake blood and still bodies, and whisper to each other.	孩子们俯身低头，看着假血和尸体，互相窃窃私语。
"They're not really dead," one little boy mutters, as if to remind himself.	“他们并不是真的死了，”一个小男孩喃喃自语，好像在提醒自己。
After a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd, and suddenly it's over.	几分钟后，格林感谢人群，然后表演结束。
The actors throw off the lynching rope and wipe away tears.	演员甩开私刑绳索，擦掉眼泪。
Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the head Klansman.	布拉德肖拥抱着扮演三 K 党头目的西装男子马尔鲍。
Nick Rascona hugs two of his castmates, and then breaks down crying in their arms; the emotional toll of the performance finally getting to him.	尼克·拉斯科纳拥抱他的两个同僚，在他们怀里失声哭泣；表演中的情感最终感染到他。
"It's okay," one of the women whispers.	“没关系，”其中一名妇女低语道。
"We know that's not what's in your heart.	“我们知道你的内心不是这样的。
You did this for a reason."	你这样做是有原因的。”
Later, the audience sits down to dinner with the actors.	之后，观众坐下来与演员共进晚餐。
At one table, a white couple from Atlanta chats animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they just met.	在同一张桌子上，来自亚特兰大的一对白人夫妇与他们刚刚遇到的一对黑人夫妇亲密聊天，畅谈关于重演的事情。
Denise Duplinski struggled to find words for how the performance made her feel.	丹尼斯·杜普林斯基很难找到词语形容她观看后感受。
"It's hard to hear those horrible awful words, and deeds ... come out of people that look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.	“很难想象那些可怕的言辞和行为......竟然是像你这样的人说出来、做出来的，因为他们看起来跟你很像，”她说。
"What this really does to me is make me think that lynchings are still going on," she added, "they're just called police shootings now."	“这对我来说，真的让我以为私刑仍在进行，”她补充道，“现在这种事情只称为警察枪杀。”
Across the room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, eating and reminiscing about civil rights.	房间里，蒂龙·布鲁克斯坐在桌子旁观看，品尝和回味着公民权利。
He said he's already begun planning for next year's performance.	他说他已经开始计划明年的表演了。
"The reenactment is inspirational in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it also is a teaching moment," he said.	“重演是一种鼓舞人心的方式，因为它描述了我们经历过的恐怖，但它也是十分具有教育性，”他说道。
"It's like, if you don't learn from this, it can happen again.	“如果你不从中吸取教训，这种事情可能还会再次发生。
Those who don't study their history, those who do not know their history, are doomed to repeat it."	那些不研究、不了解自己历史的人注定要重蹈覆辙。”
As regards implementing market-oriented reforms associated with natural gas, the importance of reform with respect to “pipeline and grid independence” is self-evident, but more resistance and controversy can be expected.	对于天然气市场化改革而言，“管网独立”方面的改革重要性不言而喻，但阻力和争议也较大。
On the 7th, reporters learned from Kailuan (Group) that at 11:25 am on the 7th, an explosion occurred at the emulsifying workshop of Kailuan (Group) Chemical Co., Ltd. which is located at Guye District of Tangshan, Hebei Province; 13 operators were trapped at the site of the explosion.	记者7日从河北开滦集团获悉，7日上午11时25分，位于河北省唐山市古冶区的开滦集团化工有限公司乳化车间发生爆炸事故，现场有13名作业人员被困。
To date, of the 13 people trapped, one has been rescued, and rushed to the hospital for immediate medical treatment, while emergency rescue operations are still ongoing for the other 12.	截至目前，被困13人中，已有一人获救，急送医院抢救，其余12人正在紧张搜救中。
It is understood that the scene of the explosion has been sealed. The local public security, firefighting, medical and other departments are carrying out rescue operations at the scene at this time.	据了解，目前现场已经封锁，当地公安、消防、医疗等部门正在现场救援。
Eye witnesses said that there was a loud bang when the explosion occurred, and a mushroom cloud rose instantly.	据目击者称，事发时一声巨响，瞬时间一朵蘑菇云腾空而起。
According to the staff of Kailuan (Group) who were organizing the rescue effort at the scene, Tangshan Kailuan (Group) Chemical Co., Ltd., located at Northern Zhaoge Village, Guye District, Tangshan, Hebei Province, is a State approved designated enterprise that produces explosives for civilian use. It was established in 1958, and was formerly known as Kailuan Mining Bureau Factory 602.	据现场组织搜救的开滦集团人员介绍，唐山开滦(集团)化工有限公司地处河北省唐山市古冶区赵各庄北，是国家批准的民用爆破器材定点生产企业，始建于1958年，原名开滦矿务局六O二厂。
(Reporter: Cui Wei) Since he made his debut 15 years ago, Jay Chou would release a new album every year, but surprisingly, he failed to do so last year.	本报讯(记者崔巍)自15年前出道以来，周杰伦每年必出一张新专辑，但是去年他却罕见地失约了。
His fans did not protest however; instead, they sent their blessings because the reason Jay Chou failed to release a new album was because he became a father.	不过歌迷们对此并没有表示任何不满，反而齐齐送上祝福，因为失约的原因是周杰伦幸福地当上了爸爸。
After waiting for a year and a half, Jay Chou finally arrived in Beijing to present his first works since becoming a father. It was also the 14th album in his music career, “Jay Chou’s Bedtime Stories”.	让大家等待了整整一年半之后，昨天周杰伦终于来到北京，为人们献上这张他升级人父后的首份作品，同时也是他音乐生涯中的第14张专辑《周杰伦的睡前故事》。
US media: Scientists from the Air Force Engineering University of China looking into laser satellite to clean up space debris	美媒：中国空军工程大学科学家研究激光卫星，用于清除太空垃圾
Reference News January 18 report US media claims that Chinese scientists have put forward a daring and innovation proposal - to use large lasers to clean up the messy Earth orbit, and destroy old satellites as well as other space debris.	参考消息网1月18日报道 美媒称，中国科学家提出了一项大胆创新的提议，使用大型激光器清理杂乱的地球轨道，毁掉旧卫星以及其天空垃圾。
A January 15 report on US “Newsweek” website stated that researchers at the Air Force Engineering University of China have written a thesis on “Research on de-orbiting model of small scale space debris removal using space-based laser”. This thesis described how by using space-based platform lasers, space debris would be rendered smaller and less dangerous as a result of laser radiation.	据美国《新闻周刊》网站1月15日报道，中国空军工程大学的研究人员撰写了一篇题为《天基激光清除小尺度空间碎片变轨模型研究》的论文，该论文描述了通过使用天基平台激光器，空间碎片可以如何被激光辐照成更小的、危害没那么大的碎片。
The report claimed that for years, space debris has always been a matter of concern for international space agencies. NASA has considered many alternative plans to track, probe and remove human made debris.	报道称，多年来，太空垃圾一直都是国际空间机构关心的问题，美国航天局考虑了多种选择方案跟踪、探测和移除人造碎片。
The methods for cleaning up large space debris include using an enormous net to clean up and collect the debris, as well as using magnetic material to suck them out of the orbit. Chinese scientists have conducted a laser simulation study and arrived at the following conclusion. This will be an effective method for cleaning up the Earth’s orbit.	清除大尺度空间碎片的方式包括用来清扫和收集废物的巨型网，以及可以被用来将它们吸出轨道的磁体。中国科学家进行了激光器仿真研究，得出以下结论，即这将是清理地球轨道的有效方式。
The abstract of the thesis claimed that “(the simulated study) has provided the necessary theoretical basis for the application of space debris removal by using space-based laser.”	该论文的摘要称：“（仿真研究）为天基平台激光清除空间碎片技术的应用提供了必要的理论基础。”
A 2014 research conducted by US defense industry giant Lockheed Martin revealed that as far as orbiting satellites are concerned, approximately 200 deterrents exist daily.	美国国防业巨头洛克希德－马丁公司2014年的研究发现，对于正在沿轨道运行的卫星而言，每天大约有200个威胁物。
The high-speed debris of orbiting satellites are regarded as serious threats to future space missions, and have been described by European Space Agency experts as a “series of fatal threats”. High-speed debris has continued to rise annually over the years.	沿地球轨道运动的高速碎片被视为对未来空间任务的严重威胁，被欧洲航天局的专家形容为“致命的一连串威胁”。过去的每一年，高速碎片都在持续增加。
According to a January 17 report on the US-based “Popular Mechanics” website, space is basically empty, but space around Earth has become increasingly crowded. Every satellite we send into space will ultimately become debris orbiting Earth. As time passes, these debris will accumulate.	另据美国《大众机械》月刊网站1月17日报道，太空基本上是空的，但紧挨着地球的太空越来越拥挤。我们送入太空的每颗卫星最终都会变成又一块围绕地球运行的碎片，而且随着时间的推移，这些碎片会堆积起来。
As debris increase, the probability of a satellite that is still operating normally being hit by debris becomes higher, thereby damaging or destroying an investment worth millions of US dollars.	碎片越多，某颗仍在正常运转的卫星被碎片击中的几率越高，进而损坏或摧毁一项价值数百万美元的投资。
The report claimed that all space agencies have formulated plans to remove space debris in the future.	报道称，所有太空机构都制定了在未来清除太空垃圾的计划。
NASA is considering firing atmospheric gases to reduce the speed of the debris so that it would de-orbit. Europe is looking at launching a satellite with a large net to capture the debris and it back to earth. Japan’s idea is to use a power chain to capture the debris.	NASA正在考虑用喷射气体降低碎片的速度，使其脱离轨道，欧洲正在考虑发射一颗携带一张大网的卫星，捕捉碎片，带回地球，日本的想法是用一条电动链捕捉碎片。
At this time, China has also put forward a method of solving the space debris problem, and that is, to use a large laser to shrink the floating space debris into smaller, less harmful pieces.	眼下，中国也提出一个解决太空垃圾的办法，即用一台大型激光器把漂浮的太空垃圾击成不那么有害的小碎片。
According to a thesis published in German magazine “Optics”, a group of researchers at the Air Force Engineering University of China claimed that installing such a laser on a satellite would be enough to effectively clean up space; at least, according to the simulated results, that is.	据中国空军工程大学的一群研究人员在德国《光学》月刊上发表的一篇论文，在一颗卫星上安装这样一台激光器将足够有效地清理太空，至少根据模拟结果是这样。
The report claimed that the only way to prove effectiveness is to carry out tests. Currently, there are no arrangements for such as mission, but sooner or later, someone will install a laser on a satellite and send it into space.	报道称，证实有效性的唯一途径是进行测试，目前尚无此类任务的安排，但或许早晚会有人在卫星上安装激光器然后将其送入太空。
Once this is achieved, we can finally bid farewell to space debris problems for good.	一旦做到了，我们就可以最终开始一劳永逸地消除太空垃圾的问题。
(Compiled by/Hu Jing, Wang Haifang)	（编译/胡婧、王海昉）
Federer won a lot of games in his 18-year career. In this final of fashion, he received more than 60% of fans' votes.	在费德勒18年的职业生涯中赢得了非常多的比赛，在这场时尚的决赛中，他收获了超过60%的粉丝投票。
Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs, slashes dividend to revive business	培生集团再裁 3000 个岗位，大幅削减股息以复兴业务
British education group Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and slash its interim dividend by 72 per cent as it started another restructuring programme to tackle the pressures facing its business.	英国教育集团培生集团星期五称将再裁 3000 个岗位，并大幅度削减中期股息 72%，因其已开始另一重组项目来应对业务压力。
The job cuts, which Chief Executive John Fallon said will mostly come late in 2018 and in early 2019, are in addition to 4,000 roles lost in its previous restructuring.	首席执行官约翰·法伦称，大部分岗位裁减将在 2018 年下半年和 2019 年上半年进行，此前的重组中已缩减了 4000 个岗位。
Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by another 300 million pounds ($394-million U.S.) in May in a third cost-cutting programme to try to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.	培生集团五月份宣布计划在第三次成本削减项目中再削减 3 亿英镑（3.94 亿美元）成本，以复兴受数字化学习快速发展冲击的业务。
The company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann last month, said its outlook for the year was unchanged after it reported a 1 per cent rise in underlying sales in the first half to 2.05 billion pounds.	上个月，该公司同意将其在企鹅兰登书屋的股份出售给合作伙伴贝塔斯曼，并发表报告称上半年其基本销售额上浮 1%，增至 20.5 亿英镑，但表示今年前景不变。
A few days ago, the China Athletic Association issued a serious notice to severely beat the phenomenon of running for others, and prepared to punish violators with a lifelong ban.	几天前，中国田协严肃认真地出了个通知，严打替跑现象，并且准备对违规者给予终身禁赛的重罚。
Kabul convoy attack: Nato soldier killed in suicide blast	车队喀布尔遭自杀式爆炸袭击致北约士兵身亡
A suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a Nato soldier and wounding several others, officials say.	据官方消息称，一支军方车队在阿富汗首都喀布尔遭遇自杀式炸弹手袭击，造成一名北约士兵丧生和数人受伤。
Five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, a Nato statement said.	北约声明称，有五名士兵和一名口译员被炸伤。
Unconfirmed local reports say three civilians also died in the incident in the city's Qarabagh district.	据未经证实的当地报道称，三名平民也在该市卡拉巴格地区发生的这次事件中死亡。
The bombing is the latest violence to have hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque blast in Herat.	这是阿富汗遭逢的最新暴力袭击事件 - 周二发生的赫拉特清真寺爆炸事件造成了 30 多人死亡。
On Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.	周一，一名自杀式炸弹手在伊拉克驻喀布尔大使馆附近炸死两人。
A Nato statement said that Thursday evening's blast happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "personnel-borne improvised explosive device."	据北约声明称，周四晚间发生爆炸事件，阿富汗和北约联军的联合巡逻队遇“个人携带简易爆炸装置”袭击。
The statement said that all those injured are in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.	该声明称，所有受伤人员目前状态稳定，正在位于巴格拉姆空军基地的美军医院接受治疗。
Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as so-called Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major source of concern to Nato forces based in nearby Bagram.	据记者报道，卡拉巴赫地区的塔利班和所谓的伊斯兰国 (IS) 组织日益壮大引发驻扎在巴格拉姆附近的北约部队的严重关注。
According to the United Nations, Afghanistan saw at least 1,662 civilian deaths in the first half of 2017, with about 20% of those in the capital.	据联合国统计，2017 年上半年阿富汗至少有 1,662 名平民死亡，而首都的死亡人数占约 20%.
At the end of July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shia district of Kabul.	7月底发生在喀布尔以什叶派为主的地区的一起自杀式汽车炸弹袭击事件造成了至少 30 人死亡。
The Taliban said they had carried out that attack.	塔利班声称他们发动了这次袭击。
On 31 May, a huge bombing in the centre of the city killed more than 150 people, the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.	5 月 31 日，在喀布尔市中心发生一起巨大爆炸，造成 150 多人丧生，这是自2001年美国领导的多国部队将塔利班推翻后该国发生的最致命的武装分子袭击事件。
The violence underlines the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump weighs up whether to increase the number of US troops aiding the military and police in the country.	暴力事件凸显了美国总统唐纳德?特朗普权衡是否增兵阿富汗支援其军队和警察之际该国险象环生的安全局势。
Correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also created a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and in particular the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.	据记者报道，最近数周在喀布尔发生的自杀式爆炸事件也引发了公众对政府及其政策，特别是阿什拉夫?加尼 (Ashraf Ghani) 总统声誉的信任危机。
EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits	美国国家环境保护局 (EPA) 诉讼后推翻决议，延迟烟雾法规
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reversed a decision to delay an Obama-era rule requiring states to curb smog-causing emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.	奥巴马在任时做出了要求各州遏制引起烟雾的各类排放的规定，15 个州因为该项规定对美国国家环境保护局进行起诉。起诉一天后，EPA 推翻了该项规定。
The EPA announced the decision to go ahead with the so-called "2015 Ozone Designations" late on Wednesday, saying it showed the agency's commitment to working with states.	美国环保局周三宣布决定继续推行所谓的“2015 年臭氧达标区”，并承诺环保局将与各州合作。
"We believe in dialogue with, and being responsive to, our state partners," EPA Chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.	美国环保局局长斯科特·普鲁伊特在一份声明中表示，“我们对与国家合作伙伴进行对话充满信心，并且致力于对其作出回应。”
Pruitt in June had announced the EPA's intention to delay the ozone designations - in which existing smog pollution is measured in parts of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet tougher air quality standard - by one year to October 2018.	普鲁伊特在 6 月份宣布，环保局计划将臭氧达标区标准的实施推迟至 2018 年 10 月，推迟时间为一年 - 根据该标准，对部分地区现有烟雾污染进行测量，以确定哪些地区应当减少造成烟雾污染的排放，以符合空气质量标准。
A group of 15 mostly Democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a suit on Tuesday saying the effort was illegal.	15 个主要民主党州以及哥伦比亚特区在星期二对此提起诉讼，宣称这一行为违法。
The administration of President Donald Trump has been seeking to roll back a wide array of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama, as part of a broader agenda Trump says is aimed at sparking economic growth.	作为更广泛议程的一部分，唐纳德·特朗普总统当局一直在努力恢复前总统巴拉克·奥巴马推行的各种环境法规，以刺激经济增长。
But the efforts have triggered pushback by Democratics and conservation groups who are concerned about the impact of greater emissions on public health.	但这些努力引发了民主党和保守团体的反对。他们担心更多排放会影响公众健康。
The EPA's website says breathing air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" like asthma.	美国环保局网站上宣称，呼吸含有臭氧的空气“会减低肺部功能，增加呼吸道症状”，比如哮喘等。
Two runners suffered sudden death in the recently ended 2016 Xiamen (Haicang) International Half Marathon.	在刚刚结束的2016厦门（海沧）国际半程马拉松赛上，发生两名跑者猝死事件。
According to relevant regulations of the Indian government, establishing retail stores in India would entail procuring 30% of a product’s parts and components in India.	根据印度政府的相关规定，要想在印度开设零售店，必须在印度采购30%的产品零部件。
Two nights ago, Ali Music’s 2016 Rock & Roll Original Band Final was held at Guangzhou Railway Station. The band, “Every Tuesday Afternoon”, won the first prize with its song “He doesn’t want to live in a dream, but lived forever in a dream”. As with all live shows, they did their best to use their voices, actions and looks to convey their emotions, crying out for “freedom”.	前晚，阿里音乐2016滚石原创乐团大赛决赛在广州中央车站举行，最终“每个星期二下午”乐团凭借一首《他不愿生活在梦中，却永远生活在梦中》夺冠，如同所有的liveshow一样，他们竭尽所能利用歌声、动作、造型传达情绪，为“自由”呐喊。
Five renowned musicians - Peng Juxin, Yan Zhongkun, Li Chi, Zhu Qi, and “outwardly aloof and inwardly passionate singer” Yu Kewei, served as judges that night.	当晚来了五位知名音乐人当评委，分别是彭莒欣、颜仲坤、李赤、朱七，还有“闷骚歌手”郁可唯。
Before an exclusive interview with a Yangcheng Evening News reporter, Yu Kewei had a sip of alcohol. She felt this would help her loosen her tongue a little. “Super Girl”, “Time Boils the Rain”, Rock Records, EE-Media ...... are the keywords the market has attached to her. She has calmly accepted these terms while trying her best to safeguard her internal purity.	在接受羊城晚报记者专访之前，郁可唯喝了一口小酒，她觉得这样会多说几句。“快女”、《时间煮雨》、滚石、天娱……是市场附加在她身上的关键词，她在坦然接受的同时也极力守护内心的净土。
This is also the true state of survival of many singers at this time - they know what the market wants, and they know what they themselves like.	这也是目前很多歌手的真实生存状态——知道市场需要什么，也知道自己喜欢什么。
According to Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhou 11 astronauts Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong were interviewed on the 7th by the media at the astronauts’ apartment in Aerospace City, Beijing. Both were in good condition.	据新华社电 神舟十一号航天员景海鹏、陈冬7日在北京航天城航天员公寓接受了媒体记者采访，状态良好。
At about 10am on the 16th, an explosion occurred at Shuangma Chemical Plant located in Dongchen Town, Rugao, Jiangsu Province.	16日上午10时左右，江苏省如皋市东陈镇双马化工厂发生爆炸。
Reporters learned from the Propaganda Department of the Rugao Municipal Party Committee that rescue efforts are in the process of being carried out, and the injured have been successively rescued.	记者从如皋市委宣传部了解到，现场施救正在进行中，已有伤员被陆续救出。
The exact number of fatalities and those injured are as yet unclear, and the cause of the explosion is currently under investigation.	目前具体伤亡情况不明，爆炸原因正在调查。
Last night, the Organizing Committee of International Marathon Shenzhen announced the punishment for the two surrogate runners B0575 and B0800. Their results were canceled, and their cases would be further reported to the China Athletic Association for additional punishment.	昨晚，深马组委会公布了对B0575、B0800两名替跑参赛者的处罚公告，取消两人成绩，并将报请中国田协追加处罚。
During heavy training, the runner needs enough nutrition to meet the body's demand for energy.	在繁重的训练期间，跑者需要摄入足够的营养来满足身体对能量的需求。
In terms of daily diet, the food intake in off-season is sure to be less than that during training, especially that the intake of carbohydrate is controlled while the intake of protein and fiber is increased appropriately.	在日常饮食方面，休赛期的食物量肯定要比训练期间的少，特别是减少碳水化合物的摄入，增加蛋白质和纤维的摄入。
From December 15 to 22, 2016, a brand new production of “Hamlet” by the National Centre for the Performing Arts again triggered the passion of Chinese audience for art classics.	2016年12月15日至22日，国家大剧院全新制作的话剧《哈姆雷特》，再次引燃了中国观众对艺术经典的热情。
Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown	麦基·加西亚和瓦西里·洛马琴科首次会面，探讨未来有可能上演的决战
Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who should be on a collision course to stage the most compelling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, met each other for the first time Thursday.	最引人注目的 147 磅以下拳击比赛将于不久后举办，当前正处于可能发生冲突状态中的瓦西里·洛马琴科和麦基·加西亚于周四首次会面。
They were in separate rooms at ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the unbeaten World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hallway to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.	他们分别在洛杉矶 ESPN 办公室的独立房间里，不败的世界拳击理事会轻量级冠军加西亚率先走下走廊，向世界拳击组织超羽量级冠军洛马琴科致意。
After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top-five pound-for-pound list.	在周六举办的 Showtime 拳赛上，裁判一致认定加西亚打败了四分区世界冠军阿德里安·布罗纳取得胜利，至此，这两位拳手均已成为同重量级榜单前五名的选手。
Garcia extended his right hand and said, "How you doing, champ?	加西亚伸出右手说道：“冠军，你好吗？
Best of luck to you."	祝你好运。”
Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 7 on ESPN.	在周六晚上 7 点的 ESPN 比赛中，洛马琴科战胜了米格尔·马里亚加，保全了他的地位。
As the pair posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a potential showdown between the fighters would be "perfect sizing."	当他们两位拍照时，洛马琴科的经纪人埃吉斯·克利玛斯指出，两位选手之间潜在的对决取决于“完美的尺寸”。
"I'm a former featherweight," Garcia reminded.	“我之前是轻量级，”加西亚提道。
"I moved up for Broner [at 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.	“我上调级别以对战布罗纳（140 磅），但我体重并没有那么大。
I'm small for 140.	相对于 140 磅，我的体重还差一点。
I want to come down to lightweight.	我想回到轻量级。
And he's got to move up to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we have a fight.	而他必须达到轻量级（135 磅），然后我们才能对战。
That's what the fans are asking for.	这也是粉丝们想要的。
Let's give them that."	那我们就满足他们。”
Lomachenko agreed.	洛马琴科对此表示同意。
"Boxing needs this fight."	“拳击界需要这场对战。”
Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy he has to have Lomachenko fight a 135-pound debut bout later this year to set up a date next summer with Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts), who also has interest in fighting the Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell winner following their Sept. 23 lightweight title bout at the Forum.	克利玛斯问他是否应该按次收费，他的部分战略是必须让洛马琴科在今年晚些时候与一位 135 磅选手进行首秀比赛，以为明年夏天与加西亚（37-0,30 淘汰赛）约定一个日期。加西亚也有兴趣在 9 月 23 日论坛轻量级拳王争霸赛之后，与豪尔赫·利纳雷斯-卢克·坎贝尔对战的胜利者进行对决。
"This fight could be on pay-per-view because all the fans have been asking about it," Garcia said, later expressing openness to fighting on whatever network offers the best financial package.	“由于所有的粉丝都在问这个问题，这场对战可能是按次收费，”加西亚说。之后，他对于在提供最佳财务方案的网络上比赛表示出开放态度。
"We're the main names.	“我们是主要人物。
No other names can generate that kind of attention.	其他人不可能产生这么大的关注度。
Whenever they're ready ... ."	只要他们准备好......”
Garcia said he appreciates Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter," and may attend his Saturday bout.	加西亚赞赏洛马琴科是“一个出色的选手”，并可能现场观看他周六的拳击比赛。
But Lomachenko paused at lavish praise for Garcia, saying he thought the three-division champion from Riverside looked "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the knockout."	但洛马琴科对加西亚的赞誉有所犹豫，称他认为这个来自里弗赛德的三分区冠军看起来“很慢。抱歉，麦基......你会被淘汰的。”
Garcia said the focus was to show punching strength, then box.	加西亚说，重点是要展现拳头的力量，然后再是拳击。
They both said they can feel the momentum building for their own bout.	他们都表示可以感受到自己拳击比赛的势头。
"This is the fight to be made.	“这是必须要进行的对战，
No other fight creates as much attention and buzz.	关注度和热议度是其他拳击比赛所不能及的。
I'm more than happy to work at it," Garcia said.	我非常乐意参赛，”加西亚说。
Said Lomachenko: "I've waited for the top fighters, and this is Mikey.	洛马琴科说：“我一直在等待顶级战士，这次轮到麦基了。
It will be a great fight."	这将是一场伟大的对战。”
Promote Environmental Protection yesterday held a large-scale environmental volunteer service thematic event entitled “Green Homeland, Make Xicheng Proud”	宣传环保昨天，西城区举办了“绿色家园，益动西城”大型环境志愿服务主题活动
Unlike the past traditional methods of picking up trash and handing out promotional material, the organizers have set up six special game experiential zones, including water-efficient toilets, enzyme production experiences, and traffic dominoes.	不同于以往捡垃圾、发宣传材料的传统方式，主办方专门设置了6个游戏体验区，包括节水马桶展示、酵素制作体验、交通多米诺骨牌等。
At present, many children in China have given up their studies, taking professional golfers as their goals. And they have been so smooth on the professional path and won’tconsider going to colleges.	目前在国内，许多小朋友因为以职业高尔夫球手为目标，放弃了学业，而在职业道路上走得平顺，更不会考虑大学。
The position stated by National Development and Reform Commission officials as regards achieving the emission reduction target of the 11th Five-Year Plan ahead of time gives the steel industry, which has been subjected to power supply and production quotas, strong expectations of resumption of production.	中国发改委官员对十一五减排目标提前完成的表态，让受限电限产压制的钢铁行业有了强烈的复产预期。
Although steel plants, as of now, have yet to receive clear notification from local governments announcing that work related to energy conservation and emission reduction has ended, the industry expects that by around December 15, 2010, steel plants nationwide that have been subjected to production quotas will resume production successively. Steel prices could start to come under pressure.	虽然目前钢厂并未收到当地政府宣布节能减排工作已结束的明确通知，但业内估计，2010年12月15日左右，各地原本被限产的钢厂将陆续完成复产，钢价或将开始承压。
A spokesperson from a private steel enterprise in Hebei told our reporter that notice to end power supply and production quotas has yet to be received at this time, but in reality, pressure on all enterprises have eased significantly when compared to that in September and October.	目前还没有收到限电限产结束的通知，但实际上各个企业的压力已经大大小于9、10月份，河北省一家民营钢企人士对记者说。
Some local governments in Hebei Province have repeatedly issued documents related to power supply and production quotas, and have adopted mandatory power shutdown measures to limit production.	河北部分地方曾屡次下发限电限产文件，并一度采取强制拉闸的方式限制企业生产。
The reporter learned from local enterprises that the steel plants of most regions in Hebei have resumed production at this time, and pressure from production quotas have eased.	记者从当地企业了解到，目前河北绝大部分地区的钢厂已经复工，限产压力缓解。
Mysteel.com analyst Zhang Tieshan estimated that end-user demand for construction steel will gradually weaken as winter has already arrived in Northern China.	我的钢铁网分析师张铁山预计，由于北方已经入冬，建筑钢材的终端需求将逐步由强转弱。
Coupled with the energy conservation and emission reduction program winds down, most steel plants will generally resume production by around December 15. Products will gradually make their way to markets across the country before New Year’s Day.	加之节能减排的逐步结束，到12月15日前后，大部分钢厂将基本复产，产品将于元旦前陆续到达各地市场。
The increase in the supply of resources will exert some pressure on soaring steel prices.	资源供应的增加将使得目前涨势正好的钢材价格受到一定压力。
On December 20, relevant personnel from ZTE Smart Auto told Bloomberg (www.thepaper.cn) reporters that ZTE has acquired a 70% equity stake in Granton Automobile, and will set up ZTE’s smart auto group on this foundation. “We are not at liberty to disclose the monetary sum, but it amounted to several hundred million. We are in the process of recruiting talent. In the future, smart autos will be a very important business for ZTE.	12月20日，中兴智能汽车相关人士对澎湃新闻（www.thepaper.cn）记者表示，中兴通讯收购了珠海广通客车70%的股份，并在此基础上组建了中兴通讯的智能汽车团队，“金额不方便透露，达到数亿元。我们正在招揽人才，未来智能汽车将是中兴通讯一个很重要的业务。
According to foreign media reports, renowned Hollywood director Garry Marshall passed away on July 19 local time of complications from pneumonia at a hospital in Burbank, California. He was 81 years old.	据外媒报道，美国当地时间7月19日，好莱坞著名导演加里·马歇尔因肺炎并发症在加州伯班克的一家医院里逝世，享年81岁。
His publicist Michelle Bega confirmed this news to a “USA Today” reporter.	其新闻发言人米雪儿·贝佳向《今日美国》的记者证实了这一消息。
In the history of Chinese badminton team playing in the finals, no one has ever won the champions of two pair games at the same time.	在国羽出战总决赛的历史上，还从未有一人同时拿下双打两冠。
The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony was held in Los Angeles, USA, yesterday (night of September 18th, local time).	第68届艾美奖颁奖典礼昨日(当地时间9月18日晚)在美国洛杉矶举行。
Competition for “Best Actor” and “Best Actress” in a dramatic role was intense this year. Finally, two newcomers beat seasoned actors: the Best Actor Award went to the male lead of “Mr. Robot”, Rami Malek, who was nominated for the first time, while Tatiana Maslany of “Orphan Black” won the Best Actress Award.	今年的剧情类“视帝”“视后”竞争激烈，最终由两位新人打败了一众老演员：最佳男主角奖由首次提名的《黑客军团》男主角拉米·马雷克夺得，最佳女主角奖由《黑色孤儿》的塔提阿娜·玛斯拉尼夺得。
“Game of Thrones” and “American Crime Story” were the biggest winners of this Annual Emmy Awards.	本届艾美奖的大赢家当属《权力的游戏》和《美国犯罪故事》。
“American Crime Story” won the major awards for the limited series, movie or dramatic special category, while “Game of Thrones” won 12 major awards (including the technical category); in particular, it won three major awards, namely, Best Drama Series, Best Directing for a Drama Series, and Best Writing for a Drama Series.	《美国犯罪故事》包揽了迷你剧/电视电影类的重要大奖，《权力的游戏》则拿下12个大奖(含技术类)，其中包括剧情类最佳剧集、最佳导演和最佳编剧三个重磅大奖。
To date, “Game of Thrones” has already received 38 Emmy Awards, becoming the TV series that has won the most Emmy Awards in history.	至此，《权力的游戏》已经收获了艾美奖奖座38个，成为历史上获得艾美奖最多的电视剧集。
Regrettably, none of the actors in “Game of Thrones” won an award.	遗憾的是，今年《权力的游戏》在演员奖项上颗粒无收。
A few years ago, people who were allowed to set foot in the venture capital sector were limited to those who had founded companies and subsequently joined venture capital companies, or analysts who worked in venture capital companies who hoped to further their careers.	就在几年前，能够涉足风投领域的仅局限于创办过公司，后来加入风投公司的人，又或者那些希望事业更上一层楼的风投公司分析师。
Entrepreneurs would be able to more easily raise funds from the numerous investors on the AngelList, and would therefore not have to rely on on agents to put them in contact with top venture capital companies.	创业者能够更加轻松地从AngelList数目众多的投资者那里获得小额融资，因而不需要线人给他们跟顶级风投公司牵线搭桥。
CRI Online (Liu Pai): The Economic & Commercial Section of the Embassy of the Republic of Italy in China held a Sino-Italian Cooperation Program for Environmental Protection on the 18th. Participants from corporations and scientific research institutions of the two countries had an extensive exchange of views in respect of cooperation between the two countries as regards renewable resources under a new state of affairs, and reached a consensus.	国际在线消息（记者刘湃）：18日，意大利驻华使馆经济商务处举办中国－意大利环保洽谈会，来自两国企业和科研机构人士就新形势下两国在可再生资源领域的合作广泛交换意见，达成积极共识。
It is understood that the participating Chinese representatives mainly comprised those from China Recycling Development Corporation Ltd and International Technology Transfer Network, while the Italian representatives included those from the Global Energy Environmental Exchange Organization, federation of businesses of the greater Bologna region, and other entities.	据悉，中方参会代表主要有中国再生资源开发有限公司、中国国际技术转移协作网络，意方则由全球能源环境交流组织、意大利博洛尼亚大区企业联合会等机构组成。
The Italian representatives said that Italy has a myriad of environmental protection technologies and solutions in the renewable resources sector, and proposed to carry out pilot programs with the Chinese in three areas, namely, industrial waste treatment, waste oil treatment, and waste incineration and disposal. It also looked forward to promoting its environmental protection partnership experience with China in other regions around the world.	意方代表表示，意大利在可再生资源领域拥有多样性的环保技术和解决方案，提议在工业垃圾处理、废油处理和垃圾焚烧处理设备三方面与中方开展试点项目，同时期待将与中国的环保合作经验推广到全球其他地区。
New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released	瑞典避难者年龄评估测试最新结果公布
The latest results of tests on asylum seekers in Sweden subjected to a new method of medically assessing their age show that over 80 percent tested were judged to be older than 18, but not everyone has faith in their accuracy.	瑞典避难者测试采用最新方法，从医学上评估他们的年龄，最新结果表明，超过 80% 的受试者被判定为超过 18 岁，但并非所有人都相信其准确性。
Sweden's national Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) started carrying out the tests earlier year.	瑞典国家法医学中心 (R?ttsmedicinalverket) 在今年早些时候开始此项测试。
They are designed to make age assessment during the asylum process more accurate after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failings in assessing the correct age of some refugees claiming to be underage.	被指未能准确评估部分声称未成年的难民的年龄后，瑞典移民局 (Migrationsverket) 设计了这些测试，以期在避难过程中进行更准确的年龄评估。
To date Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested, and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now released the results of a total of 2,481 tests from the period between mid March until July 31st, 2017.	到目前为止，瑞典移民局已经送来 6880 例测试者，法医学中心目前已经公布 2017 年 3 月中旬至 7 月 31 日期间总计 2481 名测试者的结果。
Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or over, while in a further 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the subject was "possibly 18 or over."	80%（2002 人）被判定为年满 18 岁或以上，然而在另外 25 例的测试中，瑞典国家法医学中心又判定受试对象“可能年满 18 岁或以上”。
In 432 cases the conclusion was that the person is "possibly under 18."	在 432 例测试中，结果是此人“可能未满 18 岁”。
The tests are only carried out in cases where the person's age is in question.	测试只针对年龄有疑问的人。
According to Johan Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results are consistent with previous months.	据法医学中心的约翰·葛兰森称，这些结果与前几个月的结果一致。
"We see no big difference in the statistics from previous months, the numbers are quite consistent," he told The Local.	他告诉 The Local：“这些数据和前几个月的数据没有太大差别，数字都十分一致。”
The high proportion of cases judged to be over 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about their age.	被判定年龄达到 18 岁以上的案例占据较高比例并不一定表示这些避难者就谎报了年龄。
In May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 instances that "suggest the person examined is 18 years or older."	五月份，该中心公布了 581 例测试结果，并称有 442 例“表明此受试者已年满 18 岁或以上”。
When newspaper Svenska Dagbladet investigated the 581 results released however it found that in 243 of the cases the person had openly stated that they turn 18 this year.	新闻报纸 Svenska Dagbladet 调查了此次公布的 581 例测试结果，发现其中 243 例受试者已公开表示他们今年会年满 18 岁。
The method of medical age assessment, which consists of taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI scans of knee joints, then having dentists and radiologists analyse them, has also been criticised in some quarters.	对智齿进行 X 射线检查，对关节进行核磁共振扫描，然后由牙科医生和放射科医生分析结果，这种医疗评估方式也在部分地区受到质疑。
One sceptic is Karolinska Institute endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing the biological maturity of people to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.	其中一名怀疑者就是卡罗琳学院的内分泌学家克劳德·马库斯，其工作包括评估人们的生物成熟度以判定他们是否早于或晚于正常年龄经历青春期。
"I've had reason to think about this, and I don't think the type of measurement being used should be.	他告诉新闻报纸 Metro：“我有理由这样想，而且我认为使用的测量方式不应该是这样的。
Judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.	以这样的方式判定生理年龄很不准确。
If we can't say it for sure we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told newspaper Metro.	如果我们不能保证准确性，就不应该假装我们做得到。”
The Forensic Medicine Agency's Göransson defended the accuracy of the tests however: "In general you can say that the risk of inaccurately judging a child to be an adult is small.	然而法医学中心的葛兰森却为这些测试的准确性辩护：“大体上可以说判定一个孩子为成年人的不不确定风险很小。”
The biggest risk is if the person is just under 18, in which case it's around 10 percent."	最大的风险是此人刚好未满 18 岁，这种情况大约占 10%。
West Virginia governor announces he's switching parties	西弗吉尼亚州州长宣布换党
The Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he's switching parties.	周四晚，西弗吉尼亚州民主党州长吉姆·贾斯提斯 ( Jim Justice) 在特朗普总统的集会上宣布，他将更改党派。
"Like it or not like it, the Democrats walked away from me," Gov. Justice said.	“喜欢也好，不喜欢也罢，民主党已经离我而去”，州长法官说道。
"Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots of thinking ... today I will tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democratic governor."	“今天，我在进行了很多的祈祷和大量的思考后，我要告诉你们......今天我要以西弗吉尼亚人的身份告诉你们，我再也不能以民主党州长的身份来帮助你们了。”
The rally erupted in cheers.	集会爆发出了欢呼声。
"So tomorrow, I will be changing my registration to Republican," Justice added.	“所以，明天，我将会把党籍改成共和党”，贾斯提斯补充道。
"As a coach, I would tell you it's time to run another play."	“作为一名教练，我要告诉是时候开始另一场比赛了。”
Mr. Trump promised earlier a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.	特朗普早些时候在西弗吉尼亚州的集会上承诺要作出重大宣布。
Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.	特朗普先生赢得了西弗吉尼亚州 42% 的得票率，，而贾斯提斯并没支持民主党候选人希拉里?克林顿。
Justice, who is the only billionaire in the state, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.	据《福布斯》报道，贾斯提斯在 2016 年被评选为该州唯一的亿万富翁。
Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states, having inherited a coal business from his father.	《福布斯》指出，他继承了父亲的煤炭产业，在五个州均拥有煤矿。
He's worth about $1.59 billion.	目前，他的身价大约为 15.9 亿美元。
Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee released a statement Thursday night saying "Governor Justice's party switch is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather obstruct than work to make our country great again."	与此同时，共和党全国委员会于周四晚间发表声明称：“贾斯提斯州长的换党是对民主党的又一次打击，这非但不会阻碍我们的国家变得再次伟大，反而会使我们的国家再次伟大。”
"With only 15 governorships and control of the fewest state legislatures in history, Governor Justice's announcement is just the latest rejection of a party that is leaderless from top to bottom and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement to CBS News.	“民主党目前只有 15 个州长，并且控制州议会的数量创历史最低，贾斯提斯州长的声明是对这样一个从上到下丧失领导力、无法找到积极的统一口号的政党的最新拒绝 ”，共和党全国委员会女主席罗娜?麦克丹尼尔在向 CBS 新闻发表的声明中称。
Fang Wenshan said frankly that using music to tell an entire story is his dream.	方文山坦言，用音乐来讲完整的故事，是自己的梦想。
A song lasts between four and five minutes, so telling an entire story would be very difficult.	一首歌四到五分钟，要完整讲述一个故事很困难。
When I write songs, I am assailed by emotion. There is no story line. I’ve always felt that that was a real pity.	我写歌的时候只有情绪，没有故事线，一直觉得很可惜。
Coe praises 'candid' Russian apology for doping scandal	塞巴斯蒂安·科称赞俄罗斯对于兴奋剂丑闻的“坦率”道歉
Global athletics boss Sebastian Coe praised what he described as a candid apology from Russia over a doping scandal on Thursday but reiterated it was not the moment for the country to be readmitted to the sport.	周四，国际田径联合会主席塞巴斯蒂安·科对俄罗斯就兴奋剂丑闻道歉表示赞赏，并称该道歉十分“坦诚”，但他重申现在亦不是俄罗斯重新参加这项运动的时刻。
Russia's athletics boss Dmitry Shylakhtin told an IAAF Congress, held on the eve of the World Athletics Championships, that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.	俄罗斯田径联合会主席米特里·希拉克丁在世界田径锦标赛前夕举行的国际田联大会上表示，他的国家被禁止参加这项运动是正确的，他决心打击兴奋剂。
He said he was sorry to "all athletes who have had gold and silver medals snatched from them at competitions."	他表示他很遗憾“所有在比赛中获得金牌和银牌的运动员都被剥夺了奖牌。”
Despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted in favor of maintaining the ban, imposed in November 2015 after a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.	尽管他做出如此评论，国际田联大会仍投票赞成维持禁令。此前，世界反兴奋剂机构 (WADA) 的报告中提及发现了俄罗斯国家赞助使用兴奋剂的证据，禁令于 2015 年 11 月实施。
"I thought it was a very candid response today, a very candid presentation," IAAF president Coe told reporters.	“我认为今天的回应非常坦率，非常坦率的介绍，”国际田联主席科告诉记者。
"The whole Council and the whole Congress was pleased ... that the Russian federation recognized themselves that they have been through some pretty torrid times and are doing everything possible to make sure the federation is reengineered."	“整个理事会和田联大会都很高兴......俄罗斯联邦承认自己经历了一段非常焦灼的时期，并正在尽一切可能确保俄罗斯能够重新参加比赛。”
Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.	科说，他也很“高兴”俄罗斯接受了重新参赛的标准。
"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress is being made, but the Congress supports the recommendations of the task force that this was not the moment to reinstate Russia," said Coe.	“我认为这是非常有建设性的一天，也认为我们取得了一些进展，但田联大会支持专案小组的建议，现在还不是恢复俄罗斯参赛资格的时候，”科说。
"We need to do everything over the next few months to normalize this situation.	“我们需要在接下来的几个月里尽其所能使这一情况正常化。
The guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the tainted system," he added	我们的指导原则一直是希望将清白的运动员从受污染的系统中分离出来，”他补充说。
Nineteen Russian athletes will be competing as neutrals at the World Athletics Championships which start in London on Friday, having met strict IAAF criteria.	十九名俄罗斯运动员符合国际田联的严格标准，将在周五伦敦举办的世界田径锦标赛中以中立选手的身份参加比赛。
The head of the IAAF's Task Force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia had yet to meet several of the criteria for reinstatement.	国际田联专案小组负责人符恩·安德森周一表示，俄罗斯尚未达到恢复参赛的若干标准。
Drug-testing was still insufficient and banned coaches were still operating freely, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.	他在伦敦向国际田联理事会发表演讲后告诉记者，药物检测做的仍然不足，被禁的教练也仍然在执教。
At the promotional event for the first anniversary of the implementation of the “Regulations of Beijing Municipality on Smoking Control” held this morning, young student representatives of the video clip, “My Smoking Control Declaration”, which won the national youth smoking control video clip award, interacted with national smoking control ambassador Huang Xuan, and reviewed the video of the activities concerned with calling for entries for the contest, as well as the screening of the excellent award winning works.	今天上午举行的《北京市控制吸烟条例》实施一周年宣传活动上，“我的控烟宣言”全国青年控烟微视频获奖的青年学生代表与全国控烟宣传形象大使黄轩互动，并且回顾了征集活动视频及获奖优秀作品展映。
Reporters from The Mirror learned from the event that young actor Huang Xuan was engaged to become the national smoking control ambassador.	法晚记者从活动上获悉，青年演员黄轩被聘为全国控烟宣传形象大使。
Huang Xuan said he used to smoke when he was in university. After having fully understood the dangers of smoke, he stopped smoking successfully. This time, he proactively assumed the duty of a quit-smoking ambassador, calling on youths to stay away from tobacco.	黄轩自曝大学时期曾抽烟，在充分认识烟雾危害后，成功戒烟，这次更主动承担了戒烟大使的职责，号召青少年远离烟草。
Audiences put on masks, and exist like a spirit in the story. This is most critical rule of the game in “Sleep No More”.	观众戴上面具，成为故事中幽灵一般的存在，这是《不眠之夜》最大的游戏规则。
The RMB middle price is registered at 6.4401, a depreciation of 66 basis points. The rising slows down.	人民民币中间价报6.4401贬值66基点 连续升势暂缓
Macroeconomics Tencent Finance 2018-01-18 09:50	宏观经济 腾讯财经2018-01-18 09:50分享
Tencent Financial News on January 18, the USD-to-RMB middle prices is registered at 6.4401, a depreciation of 66 basis points compared with the last trading day, ending the rise spanning five consecutive days.	腾讯财经讯1月18日，人民币兑美元中间价报6.4401，上一交易日中间价贬值66个基点，结束了此前的五连涨。
In the overnight market, the US dollar experienced a V-shaped rebounded, ending at 90.8900 as of 07:30, Beijing time.	隔夜市场，美元回暖，美元指数走出V字形态，截至北京时间07：30报90.8900。
The Beige Book published by Federal Reserve shows that almost all 12 Fed regions reported mild to moderate growth in economic activity in early 2018. The Federal Reserve remains optimistic about the outlook for this year.	美联储公布经济褐皮书显示，12个联储地区几乎都报告2018年初经济活动取得适度到温和的增长，对今年前景保持乐观。
Meanwhile, the U.S. unemployment rate remained at 4.1% in December, the lowest since 2000, and companies are expected to increase wages in the coming months.	同时，美国12月份失业率仍然保持在4.1%，为2000年以来最低，预计企业将未来几个月上涨工资。
Fed officials generally believe that tax reform is a factor supporting this modest strengthening of the economic outlook. The Fed predicts that the economy will increase by 2.5% in 2018 and the interest rate will be raised three times.	美联储官员普遍认为税改是支持这个适度走强经济前景的一个因素，美联储预测2018年经济增长2.5%，加息3次。
Some market observers have point out that the expected tightening of ECB’s monetary policy pushes up the exchange rate of the Euro in recent days. As a result, the US dollar index declines continuously, and the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar has seen a surge in prices. However, the European Central Bank is unlikely to adjust the policy stance soon. After the short-term fluctuation of the foreign exchange market, the exchange rates will eventually return to a level dictated by the fundamentals, and the continued smooth operation of the RMB exchange rate is a high probability event.	市场人士指出，近段时间，欧洲央行货币政策收紧预期推升欧元汇率，美元指数连续下滑，人民币对美元汇率相应出现一波快速拉升行情，不过目前看，欧洲央行不太可能很快调整政策立场，外汇市场短期波动后终究要向基本面回归，人民币汇率继续平稳运行是大概率事件。
It is worth noting that, as the market expects a more stable renminbi, the attractiveness of renminbi assets to foreign investors will also gradually increase.	值得注意的是，随着市场对人民币预期更趋平稳，人民币资产对境外投资者的吸引力也逐渐凸显。
The People’s Bank of China has authorized the China Foreign Exchange Trade System to release the interbank foreign exchange market central parity rates of the RMB: USD1 to RMB6.4401, EUR1 to RMB7.8482, JPY100 to RMB5.7854, HKD1 to RMB0.82399, GBP1 to RMB8.9017, AUD1 to RMB5.1302, NZD1 to RMB4.6779, SGD 1 to RMB4.8546, CHF1 to RMB6.6731, CAD1 to RMB5.1747, RMB1 to MYR 0.61399, RMB1 to RUB8.8352, RMB1 to ZAR1.9128, RMB1 to KRW165.95, RMB1 to AED0.57030, RMB1 to SAR0.58233, RMB1 to HUF39.3106, RMB1 to PLN0.53093, RMB1 to DKK0.9487, RMB1 to SEK1.2501, RMB1 to NOK1.2240, RMB1 to TRY0.59303, RMB1 to MXN2.9071.	中国人民银行授权中国外汇交易中心公布，2018年1月18日银行间外汇市场人民币汇率中间价为：1美元对人民币6.4401元，1欧元对人民币7.8482元，100日元对人民币5.7854元，1港元对人民币0.82399元，1英镑对人民币8.9017元，1澳大利亚元对人民币5.1302元，1新西兰元对人民币4.6779元，1新加坡元对人民币4.8546元，1瑞士法郎对人民币6.6731元，1加拿大元对人民币5.1747元，人民币1元对0.61399马来西亚林吉特，人民币1元对8.8352俄罗斯卢布，人民币1元对1.9128南非兰特，人民币1元对165.95韩元，人民币1元对0.57030阿联酋迪拉姆，人民币1元对0.58233沙特里亚尔，人民币1元对39.3106匈牙利福林，人民币1元对0.53093波兰兹罗提，人民币1元对0.9487丹麦克朗，人民币1元对1.2501瑞典克朗，人民币1元对1.2240挪威克朗，人民币1元对0.59303土耳其里拉，人民币1元对2.9071墨西哥比索。
At 7.50 am today (March 10), a chemical plant in Xinxiang County, Henan Province, exploded, with black smoke billowing at the scene.	今日（3月10日）上午7时50分，河南省新乡县一处化工厂发生爆炸，现场升腾起滚滚黑烟。
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Xinxiang County Party Committee Propaganda Department that one person was injured in the explosion.	新京报记者从新乡县委宣传部获悉，爆炸共致1人受伤。
The videos released by local netizens showed that thick smoke was billowing at the scene of the explosion, accompanied by noise.	当地网友发布的视频显示，爆炸现场浓烟滚滚，并伴有响声。
Some netizens claimed that the explosion occurred this morning, and that it occurred at a chemical plant in Xiaoji Town, Xinxiang County, Henan Province.	有网友称，事发今日上午，爆炸地点是位于河南省新乡县小冀镇的一处化工厂。
The Beijing News reporter learned that the chemical plant which exploded was Henan Xinxiang Liutong Industrial Co., Ltd.	新京报记者了解到，事发化工厂为河南省新乡六通实业有限公司。
Public information revealed that the aforesaid enterprise was incorporated in Feburayr 2002, and its scope of business included the manufacture of chemicals.	公开资料显示，上述企业成立于2002年2月，经营范围中包括化工产品制造。
This afternoon, Xinxiang County Party Committee Propaganda Department responded to the incident. The explosion occurred at 7.50am. The fire is now effectively under control. One person was slightly injured. The cause of the explosion is still under investigation.	今日下午，新乡县委宣传部对此回应称，爆炸发生在上午7点50分，目前火情已得到有效控制，有1人受轻伤。事发原因正在调查中。
A Beijing News reporter noticed that in 2015, the chemical plant in question was exposed by the media including Henan TV Station for contamination in violation of the law.	新京报记者注意到，早在2015年，涉事化工厂就因违规排污，被包括河南电视台在内的媒体曝光。
That day, 85-year-old Yoji Yamada, the original director of “What a Wonderful Family!” flew to Beijing to visit the set personally.	当日原作《家族之苦》导演，85岁高龄的山田洋次不辞辛劳飞临北京，亲临片场探班。
News published by the CSRC on February 10, 2017 stated that the IPO applications of 12 enterprises were approved according to statutory procedures. The aforementioned enterprises and their respective underwriters were requested to confirm the timing of the issuance with the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges separately, as well as to publish their listing prospectuses.	证监会2017年2月10日发布消息称，当日按照法定程序核准了12家企业的首发申请，并要求上述企业及其承销商将分别与沪深交易所协商确定发行日程，并陆续刊登招股文件。
Beijing Business Today reporters found Guangzhou Shangpin Home Collection Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Shangpin Home Collection), which was targeted for a listing on the Small and Medium Enterprise Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, to be among the 12.	北京商报记者发现，瞄准深交所中小板的广东尚品宅配家居股份有限公司(以下简称尚品宅配)位列其中。
According to the latest published prospectus of Shangpin Home Collection, the company, incorporated in 2004, is registered in Guangzhou, and is primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of personalized and customized panel furniture for an entire home. It also provides design software, designs and research and development of a full range of informatization solutions, as well as technical services to enterprises in the home furnishing industry.	根据尚品宅配最新公布的招股书，该公司成立于2004年，注册地为广州市，主要从事全屋板式家具个性化定制生产、销售及配套家居产品的销售，并向家居行业企业提供设计软件及信息化整体解决方案的设计、研发和技术服务。
On December 26, reporters learned from the municipal environmental protection bureau that Lu’an City successfully declared a total of 98 national and provincial environmental protection projects of various categories, and received special environmental protection funds worth a total of RMB145.26 million.	12月26日，记者从市环保局了解到，2012年六安市共成功申报国家和省各类环保项目98个，争取环保专项资金共计14526万元。
In particular, 55 were national-level environmental protection projects, for which special national environmental protection funds of RMB132.46 million were received; 43 were provincial-level environmental protection projects for which special provincial environmental funds of RMB12.8 million were received.	其中，国家级环保项目55个，争取国家环保专项资金13246万元；省级环保项目43个，争取省级环保专项资金1280万元。
It is understood that the projects built involved many areas including comprehensive treatment of regional water environment (including protecting the ecological environment of Wabu Lake), environmental protection of drinking water sources, comprehensive remediation of rural environment, prevention and control of pollution at large-scale livestock and poultry farms, pollution treatment of industrial enterprises, and demonstrations of construction of ecological cities.	据了解，项目建设涉及到区域水环境综合治理(包括瓦埠湖生态环境保护)、饮用水源地环境保护、农村环境综合整治、规模化畜禽养殖污染防治、工业企业污染治理以及生态市建设示范等多个方面。
The projects, upon implementation, had a positive effect on advancing Lu’an City’s regional scientific development, achieving rehabilitation for lakes, accelerating improvement in the water environment of drainage basins, ensuring safety in drinking water, and advancing energy saving and emission reduction.	项目实施后，对促进六安市区域科学发展，实现湖泊休养生息，加快流域水环境质量改善，保障饮用水安全，推进节能减排具有积极作用。
Today, four groups including Tonglu County, Zhejiang Province, which contributed to Beautiful China won the 8th China Environmental Award.	今天，浙江省桐庐县等4个为美丽中国作出贡献的群体荣获第八届中华环境奖。
Established in 2000, the China Environmental Award is the most prestigious award in the field of environmental protection in China. The judging panel is made up of many Central government departments.	设立于2000年的中华环境奖是我国环境保护领域的最高奖项，由多个中央部门组成评选委员会。
Li Wei, head of the judging panel and Secretary-General of China Environmental Protection Foundation said that China is now confronted with legacy ecological issues from a growth model that was GDP-heavy and environmental protection-light for a few decades.	评选委员会负责人、中华环保基金会秘书长李伟说，我国正面临着前几十年重GDP、轻环保发展模式遗留下来的生态问题。
The selection of the current China Environmental Award was aimed at honoring entities and individuals that have contributed to improving the environment and people’s livelihoods so as to reflect popular will.	本届中华环境奖的评选，旨在表彰那些为改善环境民生作出贡献的单位及个人，以体现对民意的尊重。
As far as the judging panel was concerned, Tonglu County in Zhejiang Province which was founded on the basis of ecology should win this honor.	在评选委员会看来，以生态立县为本的浙江省桐庐县当获此殊荣。
According to popular vote, the voice of US actor Morgan Freeman will be used for Jarvis, the domestic AI helper Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg built himself.	根据大众的投票，Facebook CEO马克·扎克伯格（Mark Zuckerberg）自制家用人工智能助理Jarvis将使用美国影星摩根·弗里曼（Morgan Freeman）的声音。
This system operates in the Zuckerberg home, and its name is similar to Tony Stark’s AI helper in the movie “Iron Man”.	这套系统在扎克伯格家中运行，它的名字与电影《钢铁侠》中托尼·史塔克（Tony Stark）的人工智能助手相同。
Hubei police smashed four cross-border telecommunication fraud syndicates in connection with more than 500 cases in 31 provinces, cities and counties involving more than RMB70 million	湖北警方跨国端掉4个电信诈骗团伙串并31个省市县500余起案件涉案金额7000余万元
Staff reporter Cai Changchun. “Legal Daily” learned from the Ministry of Public Security today that a series of cross-border telecommunication network scams was uncovered in an action under the command of the Ministry of Public Security entailing the police from Xiangyang, Hubei going to Malaysia, and with the cooperation of the Royal Malaysian Police. It was a fairly typical Taiwanese telecommunication network scam.	本报记者蔡长春《法制日报》记者今天从公安部了解到，由公安部指挥、湖北襄阳警方赴马来西亚，在马来西亚警察总署配合下破获的跨国系列电信网络诈骗案，是一起比较有代表性的台湾系电信网络诈骗案件。
How soccer's financial rules impact Neymar's move to Paris	足球界财务规则对内马尔 (Neymar) 转会巴黎有何影响？
Rules aimed at preventing unfettered spending by European soccer clubs will not disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Spain's Barcelona to France's Paris-Saint Germain.	旨在防止欧洲豪门足球俱乐部不受限制支出的规则并不会阻碍内马尔以创记录的价格从西班牙的巴塞罗那俱乐部转会到法国的巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部 (PSG) 。
Any consequences will come further down the line for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, the governing body overseeing the European game which has the power to ban teams from the prestigious Champions League tournament.	由此造成的后果则是欧洲足球协会联盟 (UEFA) 对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部实行进一步降级。欧洲足球协会联盟是欧洲足球比赛的管理机构，有权禁止各球队参加广受关注的欧冠联赛。
Financial Fair Play rules launched by UEFA in 2011 mean that PSG will eventually have to show that Neymar's transfer was funded without incurring huge losses.	2011 年欧足联推出的《金融公平竞赛规则》 (FFP) 意味着巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部最终必须证明内马尔的转会获得资金资助而不会造成巨额亏损。
Barcelona has been paid 222 million euros ($262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will command a salary that will run to tens of millions of dollars a year.	巴塞罗那俱乐部已经支付了 2.22 亿欧元（2.62 亿美元），仅仅是为了支付该名巴西球员的解约费用，而内马尔的薪水每年将高达数千万美元。
Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.	以下是内马尔转会至法国所产生的一些财务影响。
PSG can certainly stump up the cash to sign Neymar and add him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.	考虑到该球队的资金来自财大气粗的卡塔尔统治家族，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部当然可以用现金签约内马尔，并将他纳入到其他明星云集的战队。
Clubs are allowed to spend heavily on acquiring players but they have to counterbalance that with legitimate sources of income, allowing them to approach break-even on their football-related business.	俱乐部可以花巨资购买球员，但他们必须利用合法的收入来源来弥补所花巨资，使他们在足球的相关业务上实现盈亏平衡。
FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA president in 2007.	《金融公平竞赛规则》是由米歇尔?普拉蒂尼 (Michel Platini) 在 2007 年当选为欧足联主席后提出的构想。
The former France player believed that clubs who ran up huge debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.	这位前法国球员认为，对于那些为追求成功而债台高筑的俱乐部而言，如果银行或所有人撤回支持资金，他们实际上是在欺骗，置俱乐部于毁灭的风险。
In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on clubs' debts to monitoring their losses instead.	2011 年，《规则》的关注点从俱乐部债务问题转向俱乐部的损失状况监测。
The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich initially used at Chelsea in 2003 - buy a club with potential, and then spend heavily to improve the squad and build a global brand - become a tougher proposition.	这一变化意味着，罗马?阿布拉莫维奇 (Roman Abramovich) 在 2003 年收购切尔西俱乐部时使用的商业模式，即购买一家有潜力的俱乐部，然后花巨资改善球队并将其建立一个全球品牌，现在面临更苛刻的处境。
During the current three-year FFP assessment period that runs through 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.	在截至 2018 的三年《规则》评估期中，俱乐部可能会损失 3000 万欧元。
And despite Platini being ousted in disgrace from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin is still committed to deterring excessive spending.	尽管阿布在 2015 年被时任主席所贬损，但欧足联继任者亚历山大?赛福瑞 (Aleksander Ceferin) 仍然致力于阻止过度开支。
"Certainly FFP is not dead and we will, for sure, reinforce the rules going forward," Andrea Traverso, who oversees FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.	“当然《规则》还没有失效，我们肯定会加强未来的法规 ”，欧足联负责《规则》相关事务的安德鲁?特拉韦尔索 (Andrea Traverso) 上周告诉美联社。
Although PSG will have paid Neymar's buyout clause in one lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the length of his contract.	虽然巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部将一次性付清内马尔的买断条款，但它也可以在合同期限内根据会计目的进行金额分配。
Neymar has signed a five-year deal, so the transfer fee could be shown as a 44.4 million-euro cost in the annual accounts for the next five years.	内马尔已经签署了一项为期五年的协议，所以转会费在未来五年的年度账户中可能会显示为 4440 万欧元的费用。
The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 saw PSG, along with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City, hit with the heaviest sanctions.	2014 年实施的第一波《规则》制裁使巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部，以及阿布扎比旗下的曼彻斯特城俱乐部受到了最严厉的制裁。
PSG was handed a fine of 60 million euros (then $82 million) - that was later reduced to 20 million euros - and ordered to limit its Champions League squads to 21 players for the 2014-15 season instead of the normal 25.	巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部被判罚款 6000 万欧元 (按当时汇率计为 8200 万美元) , 后来减少到 2000 万欧元，并要求在 2014-15 赛季的冠军联赛该球队减少球员到 21 名，而不是正常的 25 名球员。
UEFA is on the lookout for clubs who might try to outwit its financial regulators by inflating their income through companies linked to a club's owners.	欧足联正虎视眈眈盯着那些试图通过与俱乐部所有者挂钩来增加收入,欺瞒金融监管机构的俱乐部。
While a Qatari company could sponsor PSG, if the value of the sponsorship was deemed to exceed standard market rates UEFA would not allow it to count as legitimate income.	虽然卡塔尔的公司可以赞助巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部，但如果赞助金额被认为超过标准市场价格，那么欧足联不会将其视为合法收入。
That is what happened in 2014 when UEFA ruled that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority sponsorship of PSG was inflated.	这是 2014 年发生的事情，欧足联当时裁定卡塔尔旅游局赞助巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部的金额被夸大了。
It has been reported that part of Neymar's PSG earnings could come via payments from the 2022 World Cup organizing committee in Qatar.	据报道，内马尔在巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部收入的一部分可能来自 2022 年卡塔尔世界杯组委会的付款。
But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become a World Cup ambassador and such a maneuver would be easy for UEFA's regulators to expose.	但是，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部和该组委会均否认内马尔将担任世界杯大使，而对欧足联的监管机构来说，作出这样的举措是很容易的。
Past sanctions slapped on PSG means that UEFA will be even more watchful of any attempt to circumvent the rules.	近期对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部实施的制裁意味着，欧足联将更加警惕任何绕开规则的企图。
UEFA has not been in pre-emptive discussions with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said Thursday.	周四知情人士称，欧足联并未与巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部就内马尔的转会事宜进行预先讨论。
They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to discuss the PSG situation.	上述人士均仅以不具名的身份与美联社进行接触，因为他们未获授权讨论巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部的状况。
The last published accounts show that PSG made a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015-16 on a turnover of 542.4 million euros.	上次公布的账目显示，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部在 2015-16 年度的营业收入为 5.424 亿欧元，盈利超过 1000 万欧元。
Accounts for the last financial year are yet to be published.	上一会计年度的账目尚未公布。
PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon for sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.	巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部预计内马尔的加盟将为赞助活动，特许经营和球衣销售带来福音。
The club expects turnover would grow by at least 30 percent on the back of the signing.	该俱乐部预计签署内马尔后营收额将增长至少 30％。
Clearly irritated to see one of soccer's biggest players leaving, the Spanish league tried to stymie Neymar's move, claiming that PSG will be breaching FFP.	很显然，看到其中名气最大的球员离开，西班牙联盟深感愤怒，试图阻碍内马尔的该举动，并声称巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部违反《规则》。
"It is a clear case of 'financial doping', with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told Spanish newspaper AS, referring to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.	西甲联赛主席哈维尔?特巴斯告诉西班牙报纸AS称，“这是一起'金融兴奋剂'的明显例证,俱乐部和国家都是一样的”，指的是对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部拥有最终所有权的卡塔尔。
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state funding a club.	阿森纳球队（该俱乐部的所有人为美国体育大亨）主教练阿尔塞纳?温格 (Arsene Wenger) ，对国家资助俱乐部的态度与西甲联赛均持保留意见。
"It is the consequence of the ownerships and that has completely changed the whole landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said Thursday.	“这是所有权带来的后果，而这彻底改变了过去 15 年足球的整个生态 ”，温格周四表示。
"Once a country owns a club, everything is possible.	“一旦国家拥有俱乐部，那么什么事情都会发生。
It becomes very difficult to respect the Financial Fair Play because you can have different ways or different interests for a country to have such a big player to represent a country."	这将会使遵守《规则》变得非常困难，因为对于一个国家而言，有许多不同的方式或各种利益来要求大牌的球员代表一个国家。”
Smart interactive robot developer Rokid received new investment; Temasek is the lead investor	智能交互机器人研发商Rokid获新投资 淡马锡领投
In recent years, start-ups in the AI sector have continued to be a hot favorite of capital.	近年来，人工智能领域的初创公司持续受到资本热捧。
AI Rokid recently completed a round of funding, led by Temasek. Other investors included Credit Suisse, CDIB (the investment arm of China Development Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.), and existing shareholder IDG Capital.	人工智能Rokid即于近日完成新一轮融资，由淡马锡领投，瑞士信贷、CDIB（台湾中华开发金融控股公司旗下投资机构）、老股东IDG资本等机构跟投。
It is understood that the size of this round of funding was approximately US$100 million. Both Credit Suisse and CDIB were first time investors in China’s domestic AI industry.	据悉，本轮融资规模约为1亿美元，瑞信和CDIB首次在国内人工智能领域的融资交易中出现。
Rokid is a developer of smart interactive robots, and is committed to robotics research. It products can control smart devices in the home, and has continuous autonomous learning and growth functions. It also features recognition, comprehension and feedback functions.	Rokid是一家智能交互机器人研发商,致力于机器人领域研究，产品可操控家中智能设备，具有能持续自主学习和成长功能，还具备识别、听懂、反馈等功能。
Proceeds from this round of funding will be used for R&D, talent recruitment, strategic push and industry chain investment layout.	本轮融资将主要用于研发、人才引进、战略推动及产业链的投资布局。
Rokid previously raised US$8.3 million in August 2014 in the Angel Round from IDG, Linear Venture, Mfund and Vision Capital. In October 2014, the company again received at least US$10 million in Series A funding led by Walden International, with the Angel investors as participants. On November 1, 2016, Rokid completed Series B funding, led by Advantech Capital; other investors included IDG, Mfund, Vision Capital and Walden International.	此前，Rokid曾于2014年8月，获得IDG、线性资本、Mfund、元璟资本830万美元天使轮投资。;2015年10月，公司又获得华登国际领投、天使投资方跟投的千万美元A轮投资;2016年11月1日，Rokid完成由尚珹资本领投，IDG、Mfund、元璟资本、华登国际等机构跟投的B轮融资。
At the time, Rokid claimed that after the Series B funding, the company’s valuation would reach US$450 million.	当时Rokid称，B轮融资后公司估值已达到4.5亿美元。
In May 2017, Rokid unveiled its consumer class smart voice robot “Rokid - Pebble”, integrating AI and the home, priced at RMB1,399.	2017年5月，Rokid发布了消费级智能语音机器人“若琪·月石”，将人工智能和家庭场景结合起来，售价为1399元。
This robot uses speech synthesis, natural language understanding, speech recognition technology and microphone array technology, with conversational, music broadcast and smart home features.	该款机器人使用语音合成、自然语言理解、语音识别技术和麦克风阵列技术，具有聊天对话、播放音乐、智能家居功能。
It has won two major CES awards - Tech For A Better World and Home Audio/Video Components And Accessories, as well as Germany’s iF Design Award, known as the Oscars of the design world.	曾获得国际消费电子产品展（CES）Tech For A Better World及Home Audio/Video Components And Accessories两项大奖，以及有设计界奥斯卡之称的德国IF设计奖。
At the 2018 CES which had just ended, Rokid unveiled another new product: the consumer class augmented reality AR glasses RokidGlass.	在刚刚闭幕的2018CES上，Rokid又发布了一款新产品：消费级增强现实AR眼镜RokidGlass。
These glasses are used as independent head displays, and do not require connections to smartphones or external computers. It is expected to be commercialized in 2018.	该款眼镜将作为独立头显使用，即无需连接智能手机或外部电脑,预计将在2018年实现商业化。
Previously, the company had already released its first generation home robot, RokidAlien and second generation product, smart voice box RokidPebble.	此前，公司已发布第一代产品家庭机器人RokidAlien和第二代产品智能音箱RokidPebble。
This is the 135th anniversary Lu Xun’s birth and 80th anniversary of his death. In the words of scriptwriter Zhou Zhiqing, “I love Lu Xun. That’s why I have creative impulse.”	今年恰逢鲁迅诞辰135周年、逝世80周年，用编剧俞志清的话讲：“因为热爱鲁迅，所以才有了创作的冲动。”
Apple revealed that with effect from February 28, Guizhou-Cloud will be the new operator of iCloud services in Mainland China.	据苹果公司透露，从今年2月28日起，中国内地的iCloud服务将转由云上贵州公司负责运营。
Apple said that “the partnership with Guizhou-Cloud will allow us improve the speed and reliability of our iCloud services products while also complying with newly passed regulations that cloud services be operated by Chinese companies.”	苹果公司表示，“与云上贵州的合作将使我们得以继续提高iCloud服务的速度以及可靠性，同时也符合中国的云服务须由本地企业运营的新规。”
During the period of deactivation, data and information previously stored in iCloud by users will still remain in iCloud, and will not be lost.	停用期间，用户此前储存在iCloud的数据资料还将保存在iCloud里，不会丢失。
If users wish to use iCloud services after February 28 after deactivation, they must first accept the new terms and conditions to ensure that their accounts are reactivated and transferred to Guizhou-Cloud.	如果停用后用户希望在2月28日后使用iCloud服务，则需要先接受新的条款和条件，以确保账户被重新激活并迁至云上贵州。
Meanwhile, Apple emphasized in its statement that, “Apple has a strong data privacy and security mechanism and will not create a backdoor in any of our systems.”	同时，苹果公司在声明中也强调，“Apple拥有强大的数据隐私和安全保护机制，并且不会在我们的任何系统中创建后门。”
iCloud’s main data center at Gui-An New Area will be the first data center Apple has set up in China. On completion, it will be used to store the data of Apple users in China.	iCloud贵安新区主数据中心也将是是苹果公司在中国设立的第一个数据中心项目，项目落成后，将用于存储中国苹果用户的数据。
When completed and commissioned, Chinese users will be able upload and download data without having to undergo long-distance transmission between China and the US. Speed will be enhanced and delays reduced.	建成和投入使用时候，中国用户在上传和下载数据，就无需在跨越中美之间的长距离来回传输，提高速度，减少延迟。
Fang Wenshan will direct one to two of these 10 musical IP works. When Jay Chou was asked whether he would help with the directing, he said frankly that there is too much pressure in being a director. He hoped to find a few young directors to allow them room to play their part.	这十部音乐IP作品，方文山会自己执导一到两部，当周董被问到是否会帮忙执导时，周杰伦坦言当导演压力太大，希望找一些年轻的导演，让他们有发挥的空间。
Prior to joining Twitter in 2011, Messinger was Vice President of development at Oracle.	在2011年加入Twitter之前，梅辛格曾担任甲骨文的开发副总裁。
The company is stepping up production of its first long-distance electric vehicle Model 3 targeted at the mass market, and plans to launch it by the end of 2017.	该公司正在加紧生产首款面向大众市场的长距离电动车Model 3，并计划在2017年底推出。
“Tofu”, a 3D animated feature film designed for a general audience held its premiere in Wuhan on the 25th. Zou Yi, Director of “Tofu”, Meng Zhihui, Animation Director of “Tofu”, as well as Tom Disher, film soundtrack composer and Emmy Award winner were present to share their behind-the-scenes story of the film’s creation.	3D合家欢动画电影《豆福传》25日在武汉举行首映礼，《豆福传》导演邹燚，《豆福传》动画导演蒙智慧，影片配乐制作人、艾美奖得主TomDisher悉数亮相，现场分享电影创作的幕后故事。
“Tofu” is based on a traditional allusion concerning Liu An, Prince of Huainan in the Han Dynasty - “Liu An made a mistake and invented tofu”. It is an account of “Dou Fu”, the leading character, a bean who miraculously took on human form, how he overcame numerous difficulties and persevered in his dream to become an immortal. This adorable animated film about becoming an immortal is closely connected with Hubei’s local culture.	《豆福传》取材于中国传统文化中汉代淮南王刘安的故事，脱胎于“刘安做豆腐，因错而成”的传统典故，讲述了主人公“豆福”由一颗豆子幻化成人形，克服重重困难，坚持修仙梦想的故事。这部萌物修仙动画电影与湖北的地方文化渊源颇深。
Wudang Mountains, located in Shiyan, Hubei Province, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, as well as the place of origin of Toaist culture and Wudang martial arts. It is known as “a unique scenic spot since ancient times, and the premier celestial mountain in the world”.	湖北十堰市境内的武当山，是联合国公布的世界文化遗产地之一，也是道家文化和武当武术的发源地，被称为“亘古无双胜境，天下第一仙山”。
Director Zou Yi revealed that he and his creative team traveled to Wudang Mountains to conduct research for the film prior to its creation.	导演邹燚透露，在影片创作前期，他曾与主创团队前往武当山采风。
He said that the story of “Tofu” occurred during the reign of Emperor Wu of Western Han Dynasty, against the backdrop of Liu An, Prince of Huainan, making pills to attain immortality. The leading character “Dou Fu” was a bean that miraculously took on human form by accident while Liu An was making these pills.	他表示，《豆福传》的故事便发生在西汉武帝年间，淮南王刘安炼丹修仙的背景下，影片主人公“豆福”便是一颗在刘安炼丹时意外幻化成人形的豆子。
In addition to Wudang Mountains, the place of origin of Toaist culture, Hubei Province is also closely connected with the chime - a traditional musical instrument with long history in China.	除了作为道家文化发源地的武当山，湖北还与中国历史悠久的传统乐器——编钟有着很深的渊源。
In a recent international conference, experts forecast that robots with AI will enter people's bedrooms in 25 years, and provide various services for humans.	在近期召开的一次国际会议上，专家预计，在25年内具备人工智能的机器人将走进人们的卧室，为人类提供各种服务。
Through research, scientists have discovered that one of the most significant characteristics of memory is its inaccuracy.	通过研究，科学家们发现记忆有一个最大的特点，就是其不准确性。
Written in 1934, “Thunderstorm” is Cao Yu’s first work, and the sophisticated hallmark of modern Chinese play. It is also the most translated Chinese play.	创作于1934年的《雷雨》是曹禺的第一部作品，是中国现代话剧成熟的标志，也是被翻译成各国语言文字最多的中国话剧。
Nostalgia Goes Niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"	怀旧感染力风靡市场——《哈啦夏令营》和《侦探双雄》
So this iteration of the story is simultaneously nostalgic for the characters' '80s glory days; for the '90s grunge era (around when the masterminds David Wain and Michael Showalter made the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV); and for itself - that is, for 2001, before its stars, like Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, went on to bigger things.	复述这一故事是为了怀念演员们 80 年代的风光岁月以及 90 年代的垃圾时代（大卫·韦恩和迈克尔·修华特为 MTV 制作素描喜剧《国家》前后）；同时也是对怀旧本身的怀念，对 2001 年的怀念；这一年之前，诸如伊丽莎白·班克斯、艾米·波勒和保罗·路德等众多明星尚未风生水起。
As a cultural artifact, it's both a sendup and embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent reminiscence.	作为一种文化艺术品，它是我们脸书时代永久回忆的模仿和体现。
But as a franchise, it feels like it's running out of time.	但作为一个系列，这感觉就像时间不够用了。
"First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, not just because of its absurdist humor (it included an origin story for a talking can of vegetables, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).	《营地第一天》播出后反响强烈，但这不仅仅因为它的荒诞幽默（剧情是关于一只会说话的蔬菜罐头的原创故事，由 H·乔恩·本杰明配音）。
By doubling down on the core gag - middle-age actors playing horny kids coming of age - it made the impossibility of recapturing the past part of the joke.	剧情中加倍运用核心笑梗 - 中年演员扮演正值捣蛋年纪的孩子 - 这使得无法重新回到过去也成为了搞笑的一部分。
"Ten Years Later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody more scattershot, including a riff on '90s stalker flicks like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle."	《十年后》中，成年人实实在在的扮演成年人，情绪便没有太根深蒂固，模仿也更加散漫，其中包括对 90 年代跟踪电影的即兴创作，如《推动摇篮的手》。
At one point a character rummages through an Apple Powerbook, some in-line skates and "a bunch of other things from 1991."	某个时刻，一个角色陷于一台苹果笔记本、一些直线溜冰鞋和“一些 1991 年的其他东西”当中。
Many of the core stories are the same.	许多核心故事都是一样的。
Sweet-hearted Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't gotten over Katie (Marguerite Moreau).	甜心先生（修华特先生饰）现在已经成为了小说家，但他仍然没有忘记凯蒂（玛格丽特·莫罗饰）。
Victor (Ken Marino) still hasn't lost his virginity.	维克多（肯·马里诺饰）仍然保有处男之身。
And there's another battily villainous plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now abetted by George H. W. Bush (a well-inhabited impression by Michael Ian Black).	剧中还有另一个涉及罗纳德·里根（也是由修华特先生扮演）的险恶阴谋，由乔治·H·W·布什（迈克尔·伊恩·布莱克饰，给人留下深刻印象）唆使。
As always, the best part of the franchise is the digressions.	一如既往，这一系列最好的部分是插话。
It's especially fun to see the forever-young Mr. Rudd, sporting Matt Dillon's soul patch from "Singles," whose former big-man-on-camp Andy now feels like a geezer.	看到这位永远年轻的路德先生尤其有趣，他在电影《单身贵族》中炫耀了马特·狄龙的灵魂补丁，之前的《校园巨人》中的安迪现在感觉就像一个巨人。
It's the moments of random lunacy that might power this franchise on, like a kind of recursive "Seven Up!" series, until it reaches what I assume will be its logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American Summer: Twenty Years Later," whose last scene will have the gang going to see the movie premiere of "Wet Hot American Summer."	这是随机疯狂的时刻，可能会为这一电影提供动力，犹如递归的《人生七年》系列，直至得出我认为合乎逻辑的结论：《哈啦夏令营：二十年后》，它的最后一幕是让这帮卡司去看《哈啦夏令营》的电影首映式。
"Comrade Detective" on Amazon, meanwhile, appeals to a different brand of nostalgia: the Cold War revivalism of "The Americans," the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW," with its East versus West wrestling iconography.	与此同时，亚马逊的《侦探双雄》诉说了不同的怀旧内容：冷战复兴主义的《美国谍梦》，电影《极寒之城》，甚至是东西方摔跤意象的《GLOW：华丽女子摔跤联盟》。
The comedy, created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka, with Rhys Thomas directing, purports to be found TV: a Romanian 1980s buddy-cop drama about two Bucharest officers fighting for truth, atheism and the Marxist-Leninist way.	这部由布莱恩·盖特伍德和亚历山德罗·田中创作的喜剧，被导演里斯·托马斯推上了电视屏幕：这是一部难兄难弟喜剧片，剧情背景设置在 80 年代的罗马尼亚，讲述两名布加勒斯特官员为了真理、无神论和马克思列宁主义路线而奋斗的故事。
The lead roles - hard-boiled Gregor and idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, their dialogue dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.	主要角色 - 硬派的格里戈尔和理想主义的艾瑟夫 - 分别由小弗洛林·皮尔斯齐和科尔内留·乌利奇扮演，其对话由查宁·塔图姆（也是执行制片人）和约瑟夫·戈登-莱维特用英语配音。
It's a brilliant idea.	这是一个绝妙的主意。
But it's not much more than an idea.	但这不仅仅是一个想法。
There are some fine sight gags (the police pass the time watching chess on TV as Americans might football).	其中有一些很好的视觉噱头（警察看电视里下象棋打发时间，因为美国人喜欢踢足球）。
And the roster of famous voice-over actors - among them Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of spot-the-voice.	而且有众多名人配音演员 - 其中包括珍妮·斯蕾特、尼克·奥弗曼、马赫莎拉哈什巴兹·阿里和科洛·塞维尼 - 打造了一场精彩的声音盛会。
But "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the verisimilitude of a hamfisted propaganda drama - a killer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.	但是，《侦探双雄》如此致力于打造一部喧嚣逼真的宣传喜剧 - 剧中有一名头戴里根面具的杀手 - 而它通常也扮演这样的角色。
At six long episodes, it drags, and the comedy isn't fast or frequent enough.	这部六集长的电视稍显拖拉，且喜剧效果释放的不够快速或频繁。
Edited to a tighter length, "Comrade Detective" might deliver better on its agitprop satire, as when Gregor and Iosef repeatedly visit the American Embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men wolfing down a pile of hamburgers.	《侦探双雄》片长编辑地更为严格，在格雷戈尔和艾瑟夫反复访问美国大使馆时，呈现出了更好的煽动讽刺效果，因为大使馆的大堂里总是有两个胖子狼吞虎咽掉一堆汉堡。
The message, for the imagined communist audience, is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder to binge.	对于想象中的共产主义观众来说，这个信息意味着西方文化可以把任何东西变成素材来狂欢。
The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: We even do it with our own recent history, and theirs.	这一罗马尼亚题材虚构故事的创作者并没有错，我们甚至也会用自己近代的历史和他们的历史来讲故事。
Reporters learned from recent interviews that the performance of the steel, rail transport, shipping vessel, machinery manufacture and other industries has fallen in general; some have even incurred losses.	记者近日采访了解到，东北地区钢铁、轨道交通、船舶、机械制造等行业效益普遍下滑，甚至出现亏损。
Some experts believed that under the present circumstances, a new round of revitalization of the industries in Northeast China will not only concern the nation’s current economic recovery, it will also have an impact on the long-term growth and international competitiveness of China's manufacturing sector. Hence, there is an urgent call for adjustments and structural transformation to take place.	一些专家认为，当前形势下，东北工业新一轮振兴不仅关系到全国本轮经济复苏，还将对我国制造业长远发展和国际竞争力产生影响，因此亟待调整转型。
Traditional industries saw a general decline in performance, and even incurred losses. The raw material industry, and the heavy machinery and equipment manufacturing sector saw performance decline significantly, and even incurred losses. These were the first signs from the industries in Northeast China amid the current sluggish economy.	企业效益普遍下滑传统行业更现亏损原材料工业和重型机械设备制造业效益严重下滑甚至出现亏损，是本轮经济低迷中东北工业的首要表现。
When the economy decelerated in the past, low-end and primary commodities were the most significantly affected. In the current economic fluctuation however, both high- and low-end industrial products of Northeast China’s traditional industries were affected.	以往在经济下行中，主要是低端、初级产品受冲击大的特点，但此次经济波动中，东北传统工业高端、低端工业产品都受到影响。
A few years ago, Ansteel Group (Weibo) began by adjusting its product mix, and gave priority to developing high-end steel plates such as those for containers, railroad tracks, shipbuilding, and civilian home appliances. However, sales of these product categories fell significantly. In particular, the sales volume of steel plates for shipbuilding plunged 50% year-on-year.	鞍钢集团(微博)前些年从调整产品结构入手，重点发展集装箱板、钢轨、船板和民用家电板等高端板材，然而今年这些品种的销量都出现较大幅度下降，特别是船板销售比去年同期销量下滑了50%。
Angang Steel Company (Hao Qingshun, Director of the Metallurgical Department of Liaoning Provincial Industry and Informatization Commission, said that metallurgy was the third largest pillar industry in Liaoning, with annual steel production capacity of 60 million tonnes, ranked third nationwide.	鞍钢股份(辽宁省工信委冶金处处长郝庆顺介绍说，冶金是辽宁的第三大支柱产业，年产6000万吨的钢铁产能排在全国第三位。
For the first five months of this year, crude steel production in Liaoning Province amounted to 21.54 million tonnes. Sales of products required by projects that were encouraged by national policy and where there was strong local government construction activity was better. Products in which market competition was more intense fell by a larger magnitude. This was another characteristic of Northeast China’s manufacturing sector.	今年1-5月份，辽宁省粗钢产量2154万吨，国家政策鼓励、地方政府建设力度大的项目所需产品产销形势较好，市场竞争较为激烈的产品下降幅度较大，是东北制造行业呈现的又一特点。
In sharp contrast to being diligent and responsible on reaching adulthood, Daniel Wu was a very mischievous child, even rebellious.	和成年后的努力、有担当形成鲜明反差的是，童年时期的吴彦祖很调皮，甚至可以说是叛逆。
The movie “Once Upon a Time”, soon to be released on August 4, held a press conference entitled “people from all corners of the world have come to meet you” to launch the movie in Beijing yesterday. On-screen “Bai Ye couple” Yang Yang (Ye) and Liu Yifei (Bai) were present at the conference.	即将于8月4日上映的电影《三生三世十里桃花》昨日在京举行“八荒四海为你而来”发布会，“白夜夫妇”杨洋、刘亦菲同台现身。
Yang Yang, who underwent surgery on his right ear just a few days ago, made an appearance for the first time after his recuperation. He interpreted his character as someone who “does not wear his heart on his sleeve”, quietly giving his all to Bai Qian, and concealing all his feelings.	前几天刚刚进行过右耳手术的杨洋，伤愈后首度现身，他解读自己的角色是“喜怒不形于色”，始终为白浅默默付出，将所有感情都藏在心底。
Yang Yang said that he had to rouse all his emotions to convey the character’s hidden sadness to the audience. “This was certainly a new challenge for me as an actor. While acting this character, I was so emotionally suppressed that I almost suffered internal injury”.	杨洋表示需要调动起全身的情绪，来将角色隐忍的悲伤传递给观众，“这对我的表演是一个新的挑战，在演戏过程中我真的是快要憋到内伤”。
Liu Yifei, meanwhile, revealed that while acting her character in the movie, she cried so much that she collapsed at one point.	刘亦菲则透露，在演这部电影时自己简直“哭惨了”，一度哭到崩溃。
The Japanese Olympic Committee recently said that the Japanese delegation was targeted at 30 gold medals at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and making Japan into the Top Three.	日本奥委会近日表示，日本代表团在2020年东京奥运会的金牌目标是30枚，并挺进金牌榜前三位。
In October last year, Chairman Yamashita Tasuhiro of the Athletes Commission of Japanese Olympic Committee expressed his expectation that the Japanese athletes can win 2.5 times more gold medals at the Tokyo Olympics than at the Rio Olympics.	去年10月，日本奥委会运动委员会主席山下泰裕就表示，期待日本健儿在东京奥运会上的金牌总数是里约奥运会的2.5倍。
At the 2016 Rio Olympics, Japanese delegation ranked 6th in the Gold List with 12 gold medals.	在2016年里约奥运会上，日本代表团以12金位列金牌榜第六位。
The representatives formed their own groupings, and walked to the venue holding umbrellas.	代表们自己组队，撑着伞，陆续步入会场。
Traffic on the roads surrounding the venue remained normal. There were no balloons or slogans at the venue, nor a red carpet; displays of plants and fresh flowers were absent as well.	会场周围的道路正常通行，会场外没有气球标语，没有红地毯，没有摆放植物和鲜花。
Yesterday, the second session of the fourth People’s Congress of Guang’an City convened without much ado.	昨日，广安市四届人大第二次会议简朴召开。
On entering GuangAn International Convention and Exhibition Center, slogans were absent from the venue, and there were no tea cups; not even a bottle of mineral water was present.	走进广安会展中心，会场没有标语，没有茶杯，甚至连一瓶普通的矿泉水都没有。
Instead, there a simple banner, a meeting place, a simple recyclable paper document bag containing materials for the meeting and a recyclable paper cup for tea or water.	取而代之的是一个简单的横幅，一个开会的位置，一个装会议材料的简易环保纸质文件袋，一个环保纸杯盛装的茶水。
The meeting materials were less dense than that of the past. A few pieces of paper summarized the theme and the agenda of the meeting.	会议材料相对于以前薄了一些，几张纸就把会议的主题和议程概括完了。
“Be thrifty for the people. Those whose duty are to be frugal must live frugally. A return to the current simple and down-to-earth meeting environment, we fully comprehend and welcome it.” GuangAn People’s Congress deputy Wang Cheng said that an efficient and practical meeting without formalism is what they want to see and in which they want to participate.	“节约为民，当节俭的一定要节俭。回归到现在的朴实、实在的开会环境，我们很理解，也很欢迎。”广安市人大代表王成表示，高效务实、不搞形式主义的会议是他们愿意看见和参与的。
Experts pointed out that both inflationary and deflationary pressures have eased at this time. This was undoubtedly good news for the financial and economic structural transformation stage.	专家指出，当前通胀、通缩压力均有所减缓，这对财经转型期而言无疑是个好消息。
A total of 22 models of electric vehicles are sold at all major car dealers in California, but the selection in other states is a lot more limited. The second placed state only has 14 models while six states do not have any electric vehicles on sale.	加州的各大汽车经销商共有22款电动汽车在售，但其他州的选择少得多，位居第二的州只有14款车型，甚至有6个州没有任何电动汽车销售。
February 10 news: Reporters learned yesterday from Changzhou Municipal Agricultural Committee that on basis of having successfully become a national forest city in 2016, Changzhou will thoroughly implement the “Master Plan for Establishing Changzhou National Forest City, Jiangsu Province (2014-2025)” this year so as to consolidate and upgrade the achievements from establishing a national forest city, and build a green, harmonious and high quality forest city that may be shared and enjoyed by all.	2月10日消息：记者昨天从常州市农委获悉，在2016年成功创成国家森林城市的基础上，今年，常州市将深入实施《江苏省常州国家森林城市建设总体规划（2014-2025）》，巩固提升国家森林城市建设成果，建设绿色和谐、全民共享的高品质森林城市。
Bank of England to keep interest rates at 0.25%	英格兰银行将维持 0.25% 的利率
The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after lacklustre economic growth and easing inflation dampened speculation over a hike.	英格兰银行将在晚些时候宣布利率将保持不变，此前疲软的经济增长和宽松的通货膨胀就已让上调希望破灭。
The Bank of England has warned economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on hold amid a tightening squeeze on family incomes.	英格兰银行发出警告，因为其在加强家庭收入紧缩的同时控制利率，经济增长将继续呈“疲软”之势。
Policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members this month calling for a rise as lacklustre economic growth has weakened support for a hike.	该行货币政策委员会 (MPC) 的决策者以 6-2 的投票决定维持 0.25% 的利率，而本月少数成员呼吁提高利率，即使疲软的经济增长已经减弱了上调的助力。
In its quarterly inflation report, the Bank cut its forecasts for growth to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and cautioned the squeeze on household incomes would continue, with inflation still expected to surge close to 3% in the autumn.	在其季度通货膨胀报告中，英格兰银行将 2017 年和 2018 年的增长预测分别缩至 1.7% 和 1.6%，并发出警告称家庭收入紧缩将会持续，同时通货膨胀将于秋季暴涨至近 3%。
But it signalled rate hikes will be needed over the next few years to rein in Brexit-fuelled inflation and said borrowing costs may need to rise by more than expected in financial markets.	但其表示在接下来的几年中，将需要上调利率以遏制脱欧带来的通货膨胀，同时借款费用可能需要以金融市场中期望的更大幅度上调。
Members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economy-boosting package unleashed a year ago in the aftermath of Brexit.	一年前受脱欧影响而实施了大规模的经济促进政策，各成员也投票决定将其撤回。
It will call time on the Term Funding Scheme to offer cheap-finance to banks from next February, although it said it was now expected to offer £15 billion more under the scheme - at £115 billion.	英格兰银行将宣布定期融资计划告停，从明年 2 月份开始为各银行提供廉价资金，虽然该银行称根据该计划，该行目前需要在 1150 亿英镑的基础上再追加 150 亿英镑。
In minutes of the rates decision, the Bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains sluggish in the near-term as the squeeze on households' real incomes continues to weigh on consumption."	在利率决策会议记录中，英格兰银行称：“在 MPC 的核心预测中，国内生产总值 (GDP) 在近期依然呈疲软之势，因为家庭实际收入紧缩将继续压制消费。”
On rates, it reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be needed to cool inflation and by a "somewhat greater" extent than markets expect.	关于利率，该行反复重申需要“一定的货币政策紧缩”来镇压通货膨胀，而且需要以比市场期望的“更大的程度”。
Markets are currently forecasting the first rise in the third quarter of next year and another in 2020.	目前市场预计在明年第三季度实现第一次增长，在 2020 年实现第二次。
But the Bank stressed that any hikes would be "gradual" and "limited."	但是该行强调，任何上调都会是“缓慢”而“克制”的。
The Bank's downgraded growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% predicted in May.	该行今年和明年的增长预测呈下降趋势，而五月份的预测为 1.9% 和 1.7%。
It maintained its forecast for growth of 1.8% in 2018.	该行维持 2018 年增长 1.8% 的预测。
Sterling fell against the dollar and the euro following the news.	英镑对美元汇率下降，欧元也紧随其后。
The pound was 0.5% down at 1.31 US dollars and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.	英镑对美元汇率下跌 0.5%，达到 1.31，对欧元则下跌 0.4%，达到 1.11。
The no-change decision comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened mounting expectations of a hike, with GDP edging up to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.	该保持不变的决策出现之前，愈演愈烈的上调期望因最近不容乐观的增长数据而破灭。第二季度 GDP 增至 0.3%，而前三个月只有 0.2%。
Growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will start to pick up slightly at the end of the year, according to the Bank.	该行称第三季度的增长可能保持在 0.3%，虽然年底将会小幅上升。
Its latest inflation report offered little cheer for households being hit by soaring inflation and paltry pay rises as it said the squeeze will get worse before it gets better.	普通家庭受到通货膨胀暴涨的冲击，而工资增长又微不足道，英格兰银行最近的通货膨胀报告并没有为他们带来喜讯，因为该行称紧缩在变好之前还会变得更坏，
It added that monetary policy "cannot prevent" the hit to incomes over the next few years, but expects wages will recover "significantly" towards the end of its three-year forecast.	并称货币政策“不能防止”接下来几年中对收入的打击，但是工资有望在三年预测结束时“大规模”恢复。
The economy is also set for a boost from surging demand for British goods thanks to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.	同时，因为英镑贬值，对英国商品的需求大幅增长，经济将会受到刺激，抵消部分低消费的影响。
The decision comes a year after rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shock EU referendum vote, which sent the pound slumping.	该决策制定之前一年，令人震惊的欧盟全民公投让英镑暴跌，八月份利率下调至 0.25%。
The Bank estimates it will likely take four years to fully feed through to prices and the economy.	英格兰银行估计其可能需要四年时间才能完全对物价和英国经济产生影响。
Prior to the Bank's latest rates verdict, there had been growing clamour for a rate rise as inflation ramped up pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for an increase to 0.5% in July.	在该行公布其最新利率裁定之前，利率上调的呼声就不绝于耳，因为通货膨胀令早已倍感压力的普通家庭雪上加霜，同时三位决策者呼吁 7 月份将利率上调至 0.5%。
Inflation eased back to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the Bank said this was expected and will pick up once again over the coming months.	上个月通货膨胀从 6 月份的 2.9% 退至 2.6%，虽然英格兰银行称这在预料之中，且在接下来的几个月中将再次上升。
The Bank said the overshoot relative to its 2% target was "entirely" down to the weak pound.	该行称相对其 2% 的目标，超过的部分已经完全是疲软的英镑最后的底线了。
Andrew Montlake, director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers, said: "Given the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market looks set to become ever more competitive once more as lenders clamour for business and look to end the year in positive fashion.	Coreco Mortgage Brokers 的董事安德鲁·蒙特雷克称：“鉴于掉期利率近期下跌，抵押贷款市场似乎将再次变得更具竞争力，因为贷款方强烈呼吁更多业务，并期待以积极态势为今年划下完美句号。
The market looks particularly good for those who may be coming to the end of their existing deals as re-mortgages, many with fee-free options as well as low rates, become ever more popular."	对那些可能快要结束现有交易的人来说，这样的市场看起来特别有利，因为再抵押（很多都可以免手续费而且利率低）越来越受欢迎。
China Earthquake Networks Center officially determined that a magnitude 8.0 earthquake struck New Zealand on November 13 at 19:02 (42.53 degrees south latitude, 173.05 degrees east longitude), with the epicenter 10km deep. Powerful tremors were felt in the capital, Wellington.	中国地震台网正式测定，11月13日19时02分在新西兰(南纬42.53度，东经173.05度)发生8.0级地震，震源深度10千米，首都惠灵顿震感强烈。
NHS to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000	英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 富有争议的艾滋病毒药物大开绿灯
Patients will be able to access a 'transformative' HIV prevention treatment from September following a High Court battle over funding the drug on the NHS.	在高等法院就 NHS 提供药物资助之事尘埃落定之后，患者将能够从 9 月开始获得“变革性” HIV 预防治疗。
NHS England announced that pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), a pill taken before sex which has been shown to reduce the risk of infection in high-risk individuals by around 86 per cent, will now be provided by the health service through an initial three-year trial to an estimated 10,000 people.	NHS 英格兰宣布，暴露前预防用药 (PrEP) ，一种可在性行为之前服用的药物，已被证明可以将高危人群的感染风险率降低约 86％。现在卫生服务机构将通过为期三年的初步试验，向预计 10,000 人提供该药物。
It agreed to fund the trial after the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling last year, which said the NHS had the power to pay for PrEP despite its claims that local authorities should fund it.	它同意在上诉法院去年支持高等法院裁决后为试验提供资金。该裁决表示，尽管 NHS 声称地方当局应该为这种药物提供资金，但 NHS 有权支付 PrEP 的费用。
The move announced on Thursday was hailed as a 'major new intervention' by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a 'pivotal moment'.	周四宣布的举动被英国NHS首席执行官西蒙史蒂文斯 (Simon Stevens) 称为一次“重大的新干预”，而国家艾滋病信托基金会 (NAT) 则将其形容为“关键时刻”。
Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to start enrolling people, with more clinics joining in October before full implementation across England by April 2018.	伦敦、布赖顿、曼彻斯特、利物浦和谢菲尔德等地的性健康诊所将成为首批人员登记的性健康诊所。在10月份将会有更多的诊所加入，之后在 2018 年 4 月在英格兰范围进行全面实施。
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV drugs taken before sex to reduce the risk of getting HIV.	暴露前预防用药 (PrEP) 是一种在性行为之前服用、以降低感染艾滋病毒风险的艾滋病病毒药物。
Trials have shown PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at-risk of infection.	试验显示，PrEP 可显著降低感染风险人群的艾滋病毒传播。
Taking PrEP before sex means there is just enough of certain drugs in a person's body to prevent an HIV infection taking hold.	在性行为之前服用 PrEP 意味着人体内有足够的特定药物来预防 HIV 感染。
Such drugs can be taken every day or as soon as two hours before having sex.	这种药物可以每天或在性交前两小时服用。
Those eligible for the treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people and those with HIV-positive partners who are not successfully receiving treatment.	那些有资格接受治疗的人群包括同性恋、双性恋男性、跨性别人士以及未成功接受治疗的阳性HIV携带者。
Clinics will identify eligible participants who consent to the trial, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by anti-retroviral treatment.	诊所将确定符合条件、且同意试验的参与者，包括男性、女性、跨性别人士以及其性伴侣HIV感染状态是否接受抗逆转录病毒治疗未知的人员。
People living and registered with a GP in England will also be able to enrol for potential participation at their local participating sexual health clinic.	在英格兰居住并注册全科医生的人员也可以在他们当地参加的性健康诊所报名参加。
The programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to source the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.	该计划将花费 1000 万英镑，而NHS英格兰分支机构签署了一份合同，在进行国际竞争性采购后于本周采购这些药物。
The trial is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence on how it is targeted, taken up, and implemented on a large scale.	该试验旨在通过在大样本基础上，收集有关对其如何定位、吸收和实施的临床证据来评估 PrEP 的全部潜力。
Mr Stevens said: 'This major new intervention should complement and supercharge the wide-ranging and increasingly successful effort to prevent HIV.	史蒂文斯先生说：“这项重大的新干预措施应该对预防艾滋病毒起到广泛的和越来越成功的补充和强化作用。
It's another milestone in more than three decades' worth of progress in tackling one of humanity's major health challenges.'	这是 30 多年来值得在解决人类主要健康挑战中取得进步的行动的又一个里程碑。”
Deborah Gold, chief executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: 'This is a pivotal moment in the fight against HIV.	英国艾滋病信托基金 (NAT) 首席执行官狄波拉?金表示：“这是抗击艾滋病的关键时刻。
PrEP, if targeted properly at those in need and at risk, offers the possibility of transforming the English HIV epidemic.	如果其确实针对有需要和处于危险的人群，那么暴露前预防用药则为改变英国艾滋病流行提供了可能性。
From September, people at high risk of HIV will have access via this NHS-funded trial in England to an empowering new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.	从 9 月份开始，艾滋病毒高危人群将通过 NHS 资助的、在英格兰开展的这项试验，获得一种准许的新工具，这种工具是真正可单独实施，无需与性伙伴协商，这将会为许许多多人的生活带来改善。
We warmly welcome this announcement.'	我们对这个公告双手赞成。”
Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'The priority must now be to make sure that the trial is rolled out speedily across the country, and that no-one at risk of HIV is left behind.	特伦斯?希金斯信托基金会首席执行官伊恩?格林表示：“现在的首要任务就是确保试验在全国范围内迅速推开，而且艾滋病病毒感染者一个都不能落下。
Now that the PrEP trial drug has been procured, we're well on the way to protecting over 10,000 people at risk of HIV.'	现在我们已经购买了 PrEP 试验药物，我们为保护超过 10,000 名艾滋病毒高危人员已经做好了准备。”
Shadow public health minister Sharon Hodgson said: 'The start of the PrEP trial is welcome and long overdue after months of delays and heel-dragging by the Government.	影子公共卫生部长沙龙?霍奇森声称：“历经数月的推迟和政府的拖沓之后，PrEP 初试的开始工作很受欢迎而且应该早些到来。
The evidence shows just how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and ending the transmission of this life-changing infection.	证据表明作为我们预防艾滋病毒和止传播这种致命的感染疾病的方法的一部分，这种药物可以带来怎么样的变革。
This trial will take us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.	这项试验将使我们更进一步地、充分了解 PrEP 的优势。
Now it is important that this trial is rolled out as quickly as possible across the country to protect individuals who are exposed to HIV and help take us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society.'	现在，尽快在全国范围内推出这项试验以便保护接触艾滋病毒的人员，并帮助我们更进一步地终止艾滋病毒在社会中的传播，这点非常重要。”
In 2015, for the purpose of technological collaboration or acquisition, Hou Weigui led a team to inspect many auto plants.	2015年，出于技术合作或并购目的，侯为贵曾带队考察了许多车厂。
Living the high life: mezzanine floor and clever design tricks have transformed this small Earls Court flat into a spacious home	高品质生活：应用阁楼和巧妙设计，将伯爵宫小公寓打造为宽敞的家
Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for doing up property, downsized from a large home in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.	乔安妮·雷是曾是一位银行家，她十分热衷于整修房屋，2014 年，她从位于骑士桥的大房子搬到了伯爵宫小公寓。
It is on the first floor of a smart Queen Anne terrace - and it is a testament to the new design that Joanne hasn't packed her bags and sold on.	这间公寓位于一个优雅的安妮女王式露台的一楼 -- 乔安妮没有收拾行李将其出售，这就是对新设计的有力证明。
"Before this, I was living with my ex in Knightsbridge in a much bigger space," Joanne says.	“在此之前，我和前男友住在骑士桥的一个更大的房子里，”乔安妮说道。
"I was looking for something that was comparable for my price.	“我当时正在找与报价合适的房子。
I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.	我在伯爵宫看到这间公寓，它的天花板也很高。
I fell in love with it and put an offer in that day."	我很中意，当天就提出要约。”
Since the first viewing, the 1,000sq ft flat has had a complete overhaul.	自首次看房之后，这个 1,000 平方英尺的公寓现在已经完成了彻底检修。
Originally a one-bedroom property with a convoluted layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.	这个公寓原先是一间布局复杂的单间 -- 需要穿过厨房才能走到卧室 -- 乔安妮当时就想增加储物空间和阁楼，以充分利用充足的天花板高度。
"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.	“我想要高高的天花板、大大的窗户、充足的光线。
That was my requirement," she says.	这就是我的要求，”她说道。
To this end, she employed Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill-based architecture and design studio Duck & Shed to exploit the 12.5ft ceilings and create a home that wasn't only a development but a place for Joanne to live.	为此，她聘请了来自 Duck＆Shed 建筑和设计工作室（位于诺丁山）的埃尔凡·阿扎迪来利用这个 12.5 英尺高的天花板，精心打造一个家。这个家不仅是开发项目，还是乔安妮居住的地方。
The ceiling wasn't quite tall enough to add two spaces on top of each other so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine that you could stand up in.	天花板的高度不足以增加两个上下空间，所以建筑挑战在于创建一个高度足够让人站立的的阁楼。
Erfan had to think creatively to resolve the brief.	埃尔凡必须发挥创意思维，这样才能解决这个问题。
"The steelwork is quite complicated," he explains.	“钢结构相当复杂，”他解释说。
"We had to arrange the spaces so that they stacked on top of each other without needing to hunch down.	“我们必须安排好空间，使其上下陈列，并且不需要耸肩弓背。
It wasn't just building a simple platform, but cranking the steels so that they were at the right height for the function above or below."	不仅仅是搭建一个简单的平台那么简单，还要起动这些钢材，以使其处于实现功能的合适高度左右。”
This arrangement allowed Erfan to get two full-height rooms on top of each other in the space - with lots of added drama.	通过这种安排，埃尔凡能够在该空间中获得两个全身高的房间 -- 其中可以增添许多趣味元素。
For the mezzanine, a vintage copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area below.	阁楼采用 Retrouvius 品牌的复古铜质窗户，可以俯瞰迷人的生活区域。
Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting all set the style for the scheme.	装有镜子的金色家具、银色小件家具和 Serge Mouille 复古照明奠定了整体风格。
The use of mirrors plays a part in adding theatre, space and light.	镜子的使用对于增加氛围、空间和光线起着重要作用。
A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.	在短走廊两端装上镜子，可以使其看起来更长。
In the kitchen, the mirrored splashback feels like a window to another room.	厨房里，装有镜子的防溅板就像通往另一个房间的窗户。
At the entrance, mirrored units provide storage for all Joanne's cutlery and glassware.	在玄关处，装有镜子的小格子为乔安妮提供存储空间，用于存放餐具和玻璃器皿。
Giving the perception of a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room is being able to close off the kitchen when it's not in use.	漂亮的客厅有一种引人入胜的空间感，在厨房未使用时能够把厨房收起来。
Foldaway kitchens are nothing new.	折叠式厨房并不新鲜。
What's unique about this one is that it's a garage-style lift-up door.	但这个折叠式厨房的独特之处在于一个车库式的升降门。
"A bit of engineering went into that," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.	“这里涉及一些工程领域的知识，”埃尔凡对钢筋加固贴面 MDF 门进行解释。
"It's counter-weighted so that when you push the door up, it glides really easily."	“这采用的是平衡原理，所以当你推门时，就很容易滑动。”
Thanks to clever use of space and storage, Joanne gained an additional 16sq m, an extra bedroom and an improved layout.	由于巧妙地利用空间和存物，乔安妮额外获得 16 平方米、多了一间卧室以及一个改进的布局。
"At the end of the day, floor space is what you are going to sell - or how your property is valued," Erfan says.	“最终，你卖的就是房屋面积 -- 或者说你的房产估值是以房屋面积为基础的，”埃尔凡说道。
"In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will walk in and do a calculation based on floor size."	“基本来说，房地产经纪人会走进去房间，并根据楼层大小进行计算。”
Here they have managed to increase the floor space while using quality materials that give the space its luxurious edge.	他们会设法增加占地空间，同时使用优质材料，从而为这个空间带来了奢华的感觉。
"The materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.	埃尔凡表示，“材料都是你亲自挑选，因此有助于在家中创建情感纽带。”
"You don't fall in love with the electrical feeds in the walls.	“你不会爱上墙上的电源。
These are important but they don't pull the heart strings."	这些东西都很重要，但不会扣你心弦。”
It goes to show that through good design and increased square metreage, a flat can turn from something standard into something quite amazing.	事实证明，通过良好的设计以及增加额外面积，标准公寓可以摇身变得让你惊叹不已。
In fact, like Joanne, you may choose not to leave.	实际上，你可能会和乔安妮一样，选择住下去。
About a year ago, this Facebook CEO indicated that he wanted to develop an AI system , and has made it his annual personal challenge.	这位Facebook CEO大约1年前就表示要开发一款人工智能系统，将此作为自己的年度挑战。
In the history of the Grammy Awards, Beyoncé and Adele are the two female singers who have won the most Grammy Awards in a single year.	纵观历届格莱美，碧昂斯和阿黛尔都拥有着单届格莱美夺奖最多的女歌手头衔。
It is understood that the 59th Grammy Awards will be held on February 12, 2017 US local time (morning of February 13, Beijing time), and will be hosted by British comedian James Corden.	据悉，第59届格莱美颁奖礼将于美国当地时间2017年2月12日（北京时间2月13日早）举行，主持人由英国喜剧演员詹姆斯·柯登(James Corden)担任。
As telecommunication technology is upgraded and updated, operators require massive website resources when building new networks.	随着通信技术的升级换代，运营商在新建网络时需要大量的站址资源。
On May 15, Gao Jianmin, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and Executive Vice Governor, surveyed Shanxi Provincial Guoxin Energy Development Group in respect of the company’s work in accelerating the integrated management of the gasification of Shanxi and coalbed methane resources/	5月15日，省委常委、常务副省长高建民在省国新能源发展集团就加快推进气化山西及煤层气资源的综合管理工作进行调研。
The Ministry of Land and Resources as well as other relevant departments must take the initiative to serve, consider the overall situation associated with the structural transformation and integrated reform experimental zone program, and actively strive for policy support from the State.	国土资源等有关部门要主动服务，着眼转型综改试验区工作全局，积极争取国家政策支持。
July 26 news: On July 22, reporters learned from Hongqiao District that the upgrading project of the city’s largest downtown riverside linear park has been completed, and the park will be opened to the public free of charge.	7月26日消息：7月22日，记者从红桥区获悉，本市市区最大的沿河带状公园，红桥区南运河两岸绿化景观提升工程完工并免费向市民开放。
The entire landscaped zone leveraged the existing natural ecology as well as the strengths of historical and cultural resources, and re-planning as well as upgrading and transformation was carried out on both banks of the South Grand Canal. Five riverside scenic spots along the river were created, namely, “Emperor Yongle’s Ferry Crossing Heritage Park”, “Wellington Plaza”, “Xintiandi Folk Street”, “Tianjin West Railway Station Gallery” and “Shuixi Artistic Heritage Green Corridor”.	整个景观带借助原有自然生态和历史文化资源优势，对南运河两岸进行了重新规划和提升改造，打造出天子津渡遗址公园惠灵顿广场新天地风情街西站走廊水西遗韵绿廊五个沿河景观。
Plastic paved pathways of approximately 1,500 meters with distance markers have been built in the green open space on both sides of the river bank between Jinhua Bridge and Xinsantiao Stone Bridge.	在金华桥至新三条石桥之间的两侧河岸绿地中还铺设了约1500米的塑胶甬道，甬道上注有距离标志。
In addition to the flowers, plants and trees planted on both sides of the pathway, a children’s playground has been constructed, embellished with various groups of small sculptures.	甬道两旁除栽种多种花草树木外，还修建了一处儿童游乐场地，并点缀设置了多组雕塑小品。
As you walk along, you will see benches, paved pathways, bridges, riverside decks, sand pits for children to play in, and other amenities. These help integrate the green landscape and water sights into one, offering residents another place for leisure, fitness and entertainment.	行走中可以发现，岸边还修建了座椅、甬道、小桥、亲水平台和供儿童嬉戏的沙池等，使两岸绿化景观和水系融为一体，为市民提供了又一处休闲、健身及娱乐好去处。
Yesterday, a list of 23 players to participate in the China Cup was released by Chinese national coach Lippi, and caused great controversy in the society.	昨天，中国国家队主帅里皮公布了参加中国杯比赛的23人名单，也正是这份名单引发了巨大的争议。
How to deal with China’s renewable energy vehicle “subsidy fraud” has become a matter of serious concern for the public and even the international automobile industry community after the case was exposed in January this year. The State Council has attached great importance to this issue, and has requested rigorous investigation into such fraudulent conduct.	对于如何处理我国新能源汽车“骗补”事件，自今年1月事件曝光以来受到全社会乃至国际汽车产业界的高度关注，国务院高度重视，要求严肃查处骗补行为。
A reason for poor electric vehicle sales is inadequate promotional effort for these products.	电动汽车销量不佳的原因之一在于这些产品的宣传力度不够。
According to the latest national fitness survey bulletin issued in 2014, the number of exercisers has increased by nearly 8 percent points compared with 2007.	据2014年国家最新全民健身状况调查公报数据，相比2007年，运动健身的人群增长近8个百分点。
Brothers fight over $500 million property empire	两兄弟上演 5 亿美元房地产帝国争夺大战
Two brothers are at war over one of Victoria's biggest real estate empires, worth more than $500 million, four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty.	在其意大利家族创立王朝 40 年后，两兄弟为价值 5 亿多美元的、维多利亚最大的房地产帝国之一展开争夺大战。
Former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a Toorak mansion three doors from younger brother Paul, who has taken him to the Supreme Court over how their property and business assets will be sliced up.	前卡尔顿足球俱乐部董事和开发商柯林?德?鲁蒂斯 (Colin De Lutis) 住在一栋位于图卡拉区的豪宅，而三个房门的距离处是他的弟弟保罗的住所。后者就他们的不动产和营业资产的分割问题，将他告上了最高法院。
Paul has wanted out of the family business since 2014 but an acrimonious argument is playing out in the Supreme Court over the break-up.	自 2014 年以来，保罗一直希望脱离家族企业，但两兄弟就这起资产分割在最高法院展开了激烈的争论。
Together with their mother Anna the brothers own 38 properties worth more than half a billion dollars, amassed since the family bought a Smith Street, Collingwood, shop in 1973.	兄弟俩以及其母亲一共拥有 38 个不动产，价值超过 5 亿多美元，这些不动产是 1973 年该家族买下科林伍德区史密斯街以来，不断积累起来的。
There, the family founded Westco Jeans and grew it into a chain of 160 retail outlets.	在那里，该家族创立了Westco Jeans公司，并将其逐步发展到 160 家零售连锁店的规模。
It sold in 1999 for $85 million.	1999 年，该公司以 8500 万美元的价格售出。
That money was sunk into property and the De Lutis portfolio now includes city offices, Brunswick and Sorrento development sites, Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments, and suburban shopping centres.	之后，那笔钱被投入到房地产中。目前，德?鲁蒂斯家族的资产组合包括城市办公楼、不伦瑞克和索伦托开发项目、黄金海岸和布勒山公寓，以及郊区购物中心。
Under an agreement with their late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the major driving force and the dominant personality" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company assets and Paul about one-third.	根据与其已故父亲达成的协议，被其弟弟保罗称为德?鲁蒂斯家族的“主要推动者和支配性人物”的科林拥有约三分之二的公司资产，而保罗大约占到三分之一。
A court filing says this translates to Colin owning property worth $316 million and Paul $176 million.	向法庭提交的文件称，经折算，科林拥有的财产价值 3.16 亿美元，而保罗拥有的财产价值 1.76 亿美元。
Dividing the properties and cash has proved the sticking point for Paul.	保罗来认为，不动产和现金的分割证明是商谈的症结所在。
"The splits proposed by Colin left him with what I considered to be the best properties," he wrote in an initial court affidavit in 2015.	“科林提出的财产分割建议书为他留下了我认为最好的财产 ”，他在 2015 年的一份首次法庭宣誓书中写道。
Last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first Supreme Court hearing was held.	上周五，在数次调解失败之后，最高法院首次举行了听证会。
The brothers are also now fighting over who controls the existing business - which Paul alleges Colin has locked him out of.	现在，这两兄弟还在争夺现有企业的控制权，保罗称科林已将他踢出局。
Colin argues this is not true, but accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.	而科林对此予以否认，并指责保罗对某些不动产管理不力。
In an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.	在科林提交的早期宣誓书中，他表示希望解决争端。
"My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.	“我的意大利传统决定了家庭是最重要的选项。我的意大利血统决定家庭是最重要的 ”， 他写道。
Costs are mounting in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails and reports by companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer filed and top barristers including Allan Myers, QC, and senior solicitors retained by both sides.	案件的成本不断攀升，并且还有数百页的宣誓书、电子邮件，以及由 Deloitte、Pitcher Partners、Charter Keck Cramer 等公司、Allan Myers，QC 等顶级律所，以及双方聘请的资深律师提交的公司报告。
Ms De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and in the early 1970s bought a shop in Brunswick.	德?鲁蒂斯女士和她已故的丈夫路易吉均为意大利移民。他们从 20 世纪 50 年代末起开始经营大众食店和熟食店，并于 20 世纪 70 年代初在布伦瑞克买了一家商店。
They used the collateral to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.	他们使用抵押品买下科林伍德物业，科林在那里开设了家族的首家牛仔裤店。
Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my final years of high school, when Paul was a young child (around 10 years old)."	科林说，“我读高三时 ”，，他在那里创办了 Westco，“当时，保罗还很小（大约 10 岁）。”
Anna De Lutis says she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass down their properties to their sons amicably.	安娜?德?鲁蒂斯说，她和 2012 年去世的路易吉希望能够将财产平和地传给儿子
"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.	“路易吉常常对我说，他永远不希望兄弟们最后会闹到法庭上 ”，她写道。
Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin saying that Mark was paid $10 million when he left the business, and Luke $26 million.	另外两个兄弟，马克和卢克不再是德?鲁蒂斯集团公司的成员，科林说马克离开公司时，向他支付了 1000 万美元，并向卢克支付了 2600 万美元。
Both Luke and Mark had become, Paul says, "bitter about the terms of their financial separation."	保罗说，卢克和马克均“对他们的财产分割条款表示不满”。
Colin has kept a low profile despite being a former AFL club board member and, according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire, the television star's best friend.	根据电视明星艾迪?麦奎尔 (Eddie McGuire) 至交 2015 年出版的传记所载，尽管科林是前AFL俱乐部的董事会成员，但他一直保持低调。
Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis on Friday, and their lawyers.	“费尔法克斯传媒 (Fairfax Media) ”周五联系了科林和保罗，以及他们的律师。
Only Colin replied, by text message, to say that because the case was before the courts "I really cannot say much."	但是，只有科林通过短信回复。他表示，因为案件已提交至法庭“我真的不能说太多。”
"It's very, very sad that my brother Paul has chosen to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.	“我的弟弟保罗选择了起诉我，并将我们的家族事务带到法庭上，这是非常、非常令人难过的 ”，他写道。
In mid-2016, Colin wrote in one court filing that he had tried to accommodate his brother's requests.	2016 年年中，，科林在一份法庭文件中写道，他曾试图满足其兄弟的要求。
"Our father would not have wanted to see Paul and I end up in our current dispute," he said, adding that he was "still hopeful of resolution."	他说：“我们的父亲不希望看到保罗和我最后发生目前这样的争端 ”，并补充道，他“仍然对争端的解决抱有希望。”
On Friday, that hope appeared gone.	周五，这个希望似乎破灭了。
"Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.	“我们的问题将在不久的将来通过法院解决”，科林写道。
Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome Russian President's visit to China.	李克强举行仪式，欢迎俄罗斯总理访华。
Li Keqiang and Russian Prime Minister jointly chaired the 22nd regular meeting between the Premier of China and the Prime Minister of Russia	李克强与俄罗斯总理共同主持中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤
Met reporters together and attended the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Year of Media Exchange.	共同会见记者，并出席中俄媒体交流年闭幕式。
The 12th National People’s Congress held the third plenary session of the 30th meeting.	十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议举行第三次全体会议。
Zhang Dejiang presents a report on checking the implementation status of the Law on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Resulting From Solid Waste.	张德江作关于检查固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况的报告。
Zhang Dejiang met with the President of Russia.	张德江会见俄罗斯总理。
The closing ceremony of the 23nd meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.	全国政协十二届常委会第二十三次会议闭幕。
Yu Zhengsheng chaired the meeting and gave an address.	俞正声主持并讲话。
Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong accepted Russia’s Order of Friendship award.	张高丽、汪洋、刘延东接受俄罗斯友谊勋章。
Wang Yang met with Sri Lanka’s Minister of Foreign Affairs.	汪洋会见斯里兰卡外长。
Wang Huning requested at the Mobilization Meeting of the Central Propaganda Group for studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress spirit	王沪宁在学习贯彻党的十九大精神中央宣讲团动员会上要求
Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev at Diaoyutai State Guesthouse on November 1.	国家主席习近平十一月一号在钓鱼台国宾馆会见俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫。
Xi Jinping expressed his welcome for Medvedev's immediate visit to China following the perfect conclusion of the 19th CPC National Congress, stressing that Russia is China’s biggest neighbor	习近平欢迎梅德韦杰夫在中共十九大胜利闭幕后随即访华，强调俄罗斯是中国的最大邻国。
and strategic cooperation partner.	和全面战略协作伙伴
China's clear goal and firm determination to develop and deepen the China-Russia relations will not change.	中方发展和深化中俄关系的明确目标和坚定决心不会改变。
China is willing to work with Russia towards expanding mutual cooperation in all fields and all rounds, and deepening mutual coordination in international affairs,	中方愿同俄方一道，扩大各领域、全方位合作，密切在国际事务中的协调和配合
Advance the formation of a common destiny for humanity	推动构建人类命运共同体
The strategic partnership between China and Russia will usher in a new opportunity, create a new image and achieve new results based on the new starting point.	相信中俄全面战略协作伙伴关系会在新起点上把握新机遇，展现新气象，取得新成果。
Xi Jinping pointed out that China and Russia should give full play to the coordination role of regular meeting mechanism between the Prime Ministers, strengthen mutual cooperation in energy, equipment manufacturing, agriculture, aerospace, etc.,	习近平指出，中俄要充分发挥总理定期会晤机制的统筹协调作用，加强在能源、装备制造、农业、
continue enhancing the scientific and technological innovation in mutual cooperation, and taking big data, IoT, smart city and other areas of digital economy	航天等领域合作继续提升双方合作中的科技创新含量，将大数据、物联网、智慧城市等数字经济领域
as the new growth point of cooperation.	作为新的合作增长点
He also expressed that China and Russia should make concerted efforts to dock the One Belt One Road with the Eurasian Economic Union, promote the landing of projects like coastal international transport corridors, jointly exploit the Arctic shipping routes	要做好一带一路建设同欧亚经济联盟对接，努力推动滨海国际运输走廊等项目落地，共同开展北极航道开发和利用合作
and Polar Silk Road,	打造冰上丝绸之路
promote local exchanges and cooperation between the two countries, and further consolidate the public opinion foundation of bilateral relations.	推动两国地方交流合作，进一步巩固两国关系的民意基础。
Medvedev conveyed Russian President Vladimir Putin's cordial greetings and best wishes to President Xi Jinping, and expressed his warmest congratulations on	梅德韦杰夫转达了俄罗斯总统普京对习近平主席的亲切问候和美好祝愿，对中共十九大胜利闭幕
the successful closing of the 19th CPC National Congress and Xi Jinping’s re-election as the General Secretary the CPC Central Committee.	和习近平再次当选中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺。
Making more positive progresses in the fields of economy, energy, investment, innovation, humanity, and the fields docking the One Belt One Road and the Eurasian Economic Union.	在经济、能源、投资、创新、人文、欧亚经济联盟同一带一路建设对接等领域合作取得更多积极进展。
Russia is very satisfied with current progresses, and is willing to further strengthen its exchanges and cooperation with China in various fields and strengthen its communication and coordination with China on major global and regional issues.	俄方对此十分满意，愿进一步密切同中方各领域交流合作，加强在国际和地区事务中沟通协调
Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.	丁薛祥、杨洁篪等参加会见。
Afterwards, the premiers of the two countries viewed march-past.	随后，两国总理观看了分列式。
After the welcoming ceremony, the two prime ministers co-chaired the 22th regular meeting between Chinese and Russian prime ministers.	欢迎仪式后， 两国总理共同主持中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤。
Li Keqiang said that China-Russia relations are bearing new fruits under the jointed efforts of President Xi Jinping and President Putin.	李克强表示，在习近平主席和普京总统的推动下，中俄关系不断结出新的硕果。
Just successfully concluded the 19th CPC National Congress	刚刚胜利闭幕的中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会
a new CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, established Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the	选举产生了以习近平同志为核心的新一届中共中央， 确立了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想
guiding ideology that the Party must follow permanently, and defined clearly China’s development goals for the future.	为我们党必须长期坚持的指导思想，明确了中国未来的发展目标。
As the largest developing country in the world, development has always been the foundation and key to solve all problems in China.	中国作为最大的发展中国家，发展是解决一切问题的基础和关键。
Both China and Russia are taking each other's development as an important opportunity	中俄都视彼此的发展为重要机遇
Their efforts to dock development strategies and deepen all-round cooperation will embrace a broader prospect, and also contribute more to the peace and development of the two countries, the whole region and even the world.	两国对接发展战略、深化全方位合作面临更广阔前景，也将为两国、地区乃至世界的和平与发展贡献更多积极力量。
Li Keqiang and Medvedev debriefed to the relevant mechanisms of both countries, as well as the work reports presented by Chinese Vice Premiers Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong, and the Russian chairmen.	李克强和梅德韦杰夫听取了两国相关机制，中方主席张高丽、汪洋、刘延东，以及俄方主席的工作汇报。
Creating a brighter tomorrow for the relations between the two countries	共创两国关系更加美好的明天
Medvedev congratulated the Communist Party of China on its successful convening of the 19th CPC National Congress, saying that Russia is willing to deepen its cooperation with China in the traditional fields such as energy, infrastructure, production capacity, aviation and aerospace,	梅德韦杰夫祝贺中国共产党成功召开十九大，表示俄方愿同中方深化能源、基础设施建设、产能、航空航天等传统领域合作
open up cooperation in emerging areas like e-commerce and small-and- medium enterprises, foster closer the people-to-people exchanges, and push forward the continuous progressing of comprehensive strategic partnership between Russia and China.	开拓电子商务、中小企业等新兴领域合作，密切人文交流，推动俄中全面战略协作伙伴关系持续向前发展。
After the meeting, Li Keqiang and Medvedev signed a Joint Communique of the 22th Meeting of the Chinese and Russian Prime Ministers, and witnessed the signature of nearly 20 documents concerning the bilateral cooperation	会晤后，李克强与梅德韦杰夫签署了《中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤联合公报》，并共同见证投资
on energy investment, local cooperation, humanity, agriculture, customs, quality control, aerospace, finance, etc..	能源、地方合作、人文、农业、海关、 质检、航天、金融等领域近二十项双边合作文件的签署。
After the signing ceremony, the two prime ministers met with reporters and answered their questions.	签字仪式后，两国总理共见记者并答问。
Li Keqiang introduced the outcomes of this meeting, and stressed that China is willing to continue promoting the China-Russia relations and their mutual cooperation in all fields, propelling the establishment of a new international relationship with win-win cooperation as the core	李克强介绍了此次会晤成果，强调中方愿继续在相互尊重、平等互利
on the basis of mutual respect, equality, and joint development,	共同发展基础上， 推进中俄关系与各领域合作， 推动建立以合作共赢为核心的新型国际关系
and creating more growth points on cooperation.	还要打造更多的合作增长点
To achieve this, it would require not only giving full play to the large and strong enterprises of the two countries and strengthening their cooperation on large strategic projects in the fields of energy, aerospace, aviation and cross-border infrastructure, but also making good use of the flexible small-and-medium enterprises and encouraging	不仅要集中发挥两国大企业大而强的优势，加强能源、航天、航空、跨境基础设施等领域战略性大项目合作，而且要利用好中小企业小而活的优势
them to open up new areas of cooperation and create an innovation accelerator for pragmatic cooperation.	支持他们开辟合作新领域，为两国务实合作挂上创新加速档。
That afternoon, Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly attended the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Media Exchange Year and made a speech,	当天下午，李克强与梅德韦杰夫共同出席中俄媒体交流年闭幕式并致辞。
giving their high appraisal to the positive outcomes and social repercussions achieved in this Media Exchange Year.	高度评价媒体交流年取得的积极成果和社会反响。
Li Keqiang said in his speech that two years ago, the heads of state of China and Russia jointly decided and announced the start of China-Russia Media Exchange Year,	李克强在致辞中表示，两年前，中俄两国元首共同决定并宣布启动中俄媒体交流年。
showing that China and Russia, as comprehensive strategic partners, have shared a high degree of mutual trust in politics, a cultural connection on the soul level, as well as an objective and friendly attitude towards each other.	表明中俄作为全面战略协作伙伴，政治上高度互信，文化上心灵相通，对彼此抱有客观友好的态度。
building up important bridges and ties. Li Keqiang pointed out that both China and Russia are possessed of long-standing cultural traditions and profound cultural heritages.	搭建起重要桥梁和纽带，李克强指出，中俄都是拥有悠久文化传统和深厚文化底蕴的国家。
Medias of the two countries also have their own characteristics.	两国媒体也是各有特色。
Thanks to the media exchange year, mutual understanding and friendship between the two countries have been deepened, and mutual learning between the medias have been enhanced,	通过举办媒体交流年，双方增进了理解，加深了友谊，促进了媒体间学习互鉴
and the media exchange year itself has also become a distinctive move in the history of international medial exchanges.	成为国际媒体交流史上的特色之举
This closing ceremony is not an end, but a new start, signifying the start of a new chapter in the history of China-Russia media cooperation, and raising a new sail for the people-to-people exchanges.	今天的闭幕式不是终点，而是新的起点，相信将开启中俄媒体合作新篇章，扬起人文交流新风帆。
Pushing forward the China-Russia relations towards a new journey of consolidated friendship between generations	推动中俄关系迈上夯实世代友好的新征程
Injecting new connotations and creating new opportunities to the relations of the two countries, and fully reflecting the degree of friendship between the two peoples as well as the strategic significance of the bilateral relations.	为两国关系赋予新的内涵，带来新的机遇，充分体现出两国人民的友好程度和双边关系的战略意义。
On the afternoon of November 1 , the 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held its third plenary session in the Great Hall of the People, Beijing.	十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议一号下午在北京人民大会堂举行第三次全体会议。
Chairman Zhang Dejiang attended the meeting	张德江委员长出席会议
and made a report on the inspected enforcement of the Law of the People’s Republic on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (hereinafter, Solid Waste Law).	并作关于检查固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况的报告。
In May this year, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress started the inspection of the enforcement of Solid Waste Law.	今年五月全国人大常委会启动开展固体废物污染环境防治法执法检查。
Zhang Dejiang reported the inspection results on behalf of the inspection team of law enforcement.	张德江代表执法检查组报告了检查情况。
He said that since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core	他说， 党的十八大以来，以习近平同志为核心的党中央
had conscientiously implemented the legal provisions, and achieved striking progresses in the prevention and control of solid waste.	认真落实法律规定，固体废物污染防治工作取得长足进步。
Zhang Dejiang pointed out that according to the inspection results, there were also some outstanding problems in the enforcement of Solid Waste Law as well as the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.	张德江指出，从执法检查情况看，当前固废法的实施以及固体废物污染防治工作仍面临一些突出问题。
These problems must arouse enough attention.	必须引起高度重视。
We must conscientiously implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, completely and accurately implement the Solid Waste Law, further promote the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.	要认真贯彻落实党的十九大精神， 全面正确贯彻实施固废法， 深入推进固体废物污染防治工作。
Pushing forward the treatment of industrial solid waste, improving the supervision mechanism of solid waste, and strengthening the scientific and technological support for the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.	深入推进工业固体废物治理，完善固体废物监管工作机制，强化固体废物污染防治的科技支撑。
The Minister of Agriculture Han Changfu, under the entrust of the State Council, made a report on grassland ecological environment protection.	受国务院委托，农业部部长韩长赋作了关于草原生态环境保护工作情况的报告。
Han Changfu said	韩长赋说
Continuously raising the level of grassland conservation and construction	持续提升草原保护建设水平
The meeting heard and examined a report presented by Cao Jianming, the Chief Procurator of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, on comprehensively deepening the judicial reform.	会议听取审议了最高人民检察院检察长曹建明作的关于人民检察院全面深化司法改革情况的报告。
After reporting on the current progresses, achievements and problems, Cao Jianming expressed that the next step would be to deepen the comprehensive reform of the judicial system,	在报告了进展、成效和存在的问题后， 曹建明表示，下一步将深化司法体制综合配套改革
fully implement the judicial responsibility system, strengthen the policy interpretation and reform propaganda, deepen the research and demonstration, and promote the judicial reform to the depth of development.	全面落实司法责任制，加强政策解读和改革宣传，深化研究论证，推动司法改革向纵深发展。
Vice Chairman Chen Zhu presided over the meeting.	陈竺副委员长主持会议。
Carrying out in-depth the exchange of experiences and mutual learning concerning the management and governing of the country, and the legislative control, so as to ensure the smooth development of mutual cooperation in the areas docking the One Belt one Road with the Eurasian Economic Union at the legislative level.	深入开展治国理政、立法监督经验交流互鉴，从立法层面保障一带一路建设和欧亚经济联盟对接等领域合作顺利开展
Strengthening local cooperation and cultural exchanges, and injecting new vitality and momentum to the China-Russia relations.	加强地方合作和人文交流，为中俄关系注入新活力、增添新动能。
Medvedev expressed his congratulations on the successful closing of the 19th CPC National Congress.	梅德韦杰夫说，祝贺中共十九大胜利闭幕。
The Russia-China relations have been progressing very smoothly and made enumerable great achievements.	俄中关系进展顺利，合作成果丰硕。
Russia is willing to work with China and push the bilateral relations to a higher level.	俄方愿同中方共同努力，将两国关系推向更高水平。
Wang Chen attended the meeting.	王晨参加会见。
In the afternoon of October 31th, Medvedev laid a wreath at the Monument to the People’s Heroes.	三十一号下午，梅德韦杰夫向人民英雄纪念碑敬献花圈。
The meeting pledged full support to the report delivered by Comrade Xi Jinping on behalf of the 18th CPC Central Committee.	一致表示，完全拥护习近平同志代表中共十八届中央委员会所作的报告。
Participants hold a strong conviction that the new CPC leadership will live up to the great trust place on and the lofty mission assigned to it and navigate the giant ship bearing the great dream of the Chinese people to a bright future. Attendees agreed that the 19th CPC National Congress is a meeting of great importance taking place during the decisive stage in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and the development of socialism with Chinese characteristics.	大家坚信，新一届中共中央领导集体一定能够不辱使命、不负重托，引领承载中国人民伟大梦想的航船驶向更加辉煌的未来与会人员一致认为，中共十九大是在全面建成小康社会决胜阶段、中国特色社会主义进入新时代的关键时期。召开的一次十分重要的大会。
The report delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping is a programmatic document radiating the brilliance of Marxism, which puts forth a series of important thoughts, ideas, judgements and measures.	习近平总书记所作的报告提出一系列新的重要思想、重要观点、重大判断、重大举措，是一篇闪耀着马克思主义光辉的纲领性文献。
There was a consensus among attendees that the political priority of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference at present and in the years to come is to comprehensively study, propagandize and implement the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.	与会人员一致表示，全面深入学习宣传贯彻中共十九大精神，是当前和今后一个时期人民政协的首要政治任务。
Firstly, it is necessary to digest Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and continuously consolidate the common political and ideological basis for unity and struggle.	一要深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想， 不断巩固团结奋斗的共同思想政治基础。
Secondly, it is necessary to unite and lead the CPPCC members to unswervingly carry out the Party’s basic theories, guidelines and policies.	团结带领政协委员坚定贯彻执行党的基本理论、基本路线、基本方略。
Thirdly, it is necessary to focus on the central tasks of the Party and state and contribute ideas and efforts to the victory of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.	三要聚焦党和国家中心任务履职尽责，为决胜全面建成小康社会、建设社会主义现代化国家献计出力。
Fourthly, it is necessary to give full play to CPPCC’s role as an important channel of consultative democracy and a specialized organization of consultation, implementing consultative democracy throughout the process of performing duties and into all aspects of work.	四要充分发挥政协作为协商民主重要渠道和专门协商机构作用，把协商民主落实到履职全过程和各方面。
Fifthly, it is necessary to fully exploit the power of CPPCC as a united front organization that enables it to mobilize the Chinese nation to fulfill the Chinese dream.	五要更好发挥政协作为统一战线组织功能作用，动员全体中华儿女共圆中国梦。
Sixthly, it is necessary to reinforce CPPCC’s self-construction with an emphasis on beefing up its competence in performing duties, improve the duty-performing system, and enhance the duty-performing efficiency.	六要以增强履职本领为重点加强政协自身建设，完善履职制度，提高履职实效。
The meeting adopted the Resolution on Studying	会议通过了《关于学习贯彻中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会精神的决议》
and Implementing the Essence of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China as well as the Decision on Partial Revision of the Constitution of the Chinese people’s Political Consultative Conference.	和《关于部分修改〈中国人民政治协商会议章程〉的决定》
The meeting asked to summarize well the work of CPPCC and prepare well for the first session of 13th CPPCC National Committee.	会议要求以中共十九大精神为指导，总结好本届政协工作，做好全国政协十三届一次会议筹备工作。
On November 1th, Zhang Gaoli, Vice Premier of the State Council, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, and Liu Yandong, Vice Premier of the State Council received the Order of Friendship from Premier Medvedev on behalf of the Russian government at the Great Hall of the People.	一号国务院副总理张高丽，中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋，国务院副总理刘延东在北京人民大会堂接受俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫代表俄罗斯政府授予的友谊勋章。
This award is given to individuals whose efforts significantly contribute to promoting world peace and developing friendly relationship among countries.	促进世界和平、发展国家间友好关系作出杰出贡献的人士
In the afternoon of November 1th, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka Tilak Marapana in Ziguangge, Zhongnanhai.	中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋一号下午在中南海紫光阁会见斯里兰卡外长马拉帕纳。
The year of 2017 marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Sri Lanka and the 65th anniversary of the signing of the Agreement on Rice for Rubber.	今年是中斯建交六十周年和《米胶协定》签署六十五周年。
China will act conscientiously on the neighborhood diplomacy of “amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness” and the foreign policy of “developing good relationship and partnership with neighboring countries”, which were established at the 19th CPC National Congress.	中方将认真落实中共十九大确定的亲诚惠容理念和与邻为善、以邻为伴周边外交方针，加强同斯里兰卡等发展中国家的团结合作。
Tilak Marapana congratulated on the triumphant convention of the 19th CPC National Congress.	马拉帕纳祝贺中共十九大胜利召开。
He said Sri Lanka regards China as a close friend and a reliable partner.	他表示，斯里兰卡视中国为亲密朋友和发展伙伴。
A mobilization meeting of the Publicity Department, CCCPC intended for studying and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress was convened on November 1th. Wang Hu’ning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee attended the meeting and delivered a keynote speech.	学习贯彻党的十九大精神中央宣讲团动员会一号在京召开，中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁出席会议并讲话。
He said teach-ins associated with the important meetings and work deployment of the CPC Central Committee are warmly welcomed by both carders and the masses.	他表示结合党中央的重要会议、重大工作部署、组织开展宣讲活动，受到广大干部群众欢迎。
General Secretary Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the publicity of the CPC Central Committee’s ideas and explicitly requires that the centralized publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress should be well accomplished.	习近平总书记对做好党中央精神宣讲工作一贯高度重视，提出了明确要求，我们要切实做好这次集中宣讲工作。
The publicity is expected to synchronize the thoughts and actions of carders and the masses with the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.	更好把广大干部群众的思想和行动统一到党的十九大精神上来。
Wang Hu’ning suggested that the centralized publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress should be meticulously carried out based on the requirement of “comprehension and implementation” to deepen the work of “studying,	王沪宁表示要牢牢把握在学懂弄通坐实上下功夫的要求，精心做好党的十九大精神集中宣讲
propagandizing and implementing” and guide the Party to defend the central role of General Secretary Xi Jinping and uphold the authority and centralized leadership of the CPC Central Committee.	推动学习宣传贯彻工作，往实里走往深里走，引导全党自觉维护习近平总书记党中央的核心、全党的核心地位，维护党中央权威和集中统一领导。
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the cause of the Party and state has entered a new phase, which is fundamentally attributed to the strategic leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core and to the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era	党的十八大以来，党和国家事业之所以全面开创新局面，根本在于以习近平同志为核心的党中央
We should revolve around the main thread of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era.	据其定向、运筹帷幄在于习近平新时代的中国特色社会主义思想的科学指引，要紧紧围绕习近平新时代 中国特色社会主义思想这个主线。
We should make clear the striking theme of 19th CPC National Congress, the rich connotations of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, and the historical changes of the cause of the Party and state since the 18th CPC National Congress.	讲清楚党的十九大的鲜明主题，讲清楚习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的丰富内涵，讲清楚党的十八大以来党和国家事业发生的历史性变革。
We should make clear the significance of socialism with Chinese characteristics as it enters a new era, the far-reaching influence of the change of the society’s principal contradiction, and the Two Centenary Goals.	讲清楚中国特色社会主义进入新时代的重大意义，讲清楚我国社会主要矛盾变化的深远影响，讲清楚两个一百年奋斗目标。
We should make clear China’s strategic deployment of strict rule over the Party and synchronization of the thoughts and actions of carders and the masses with the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.	讲清楚坚定不移全面从严治党的重大部署，把广大干部群众的思想和行动统一到党的十九大精神上来。
We should integrate the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress into the grass-roots units and the masses.	推动党的十九大精神走进基层、走进群众。
Huang Kunming, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Head of the Central Propaganda Department, presided over the meeting.	中共中央政治局委员、中宣部部长黄坤明主持会议。
According to our news, for promoting the upsurge of studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th National Congress of CPC, the Party central committee decided to designate the Propaganda Department of the Central Committee of the CPC to joint hands with relevant departments of the central committee in setting up a propaganda team.	本台消息，为推动兴起学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神热潮，中央决定由中宣部会同中央有关部门组成
The group members include such 36 comrades as Yang Xiaodu, member of the Communist Party's Politburo, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and vice secretary of the Party's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Chen Min'er, member of the Communist Party's Politburo and secretary of Chongqing Municipal Party Committee,	成员有中共中央政治局委员、中央书记处书记、中央纪委副书记杨晓渡，中共中央政治局委员、重庆市委书记陈敏尔。
Huang Kunming, member of the Communist Party's Politburo, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and minister of Propaganda Department of the CPC Central Committee and so on.	中共中央政治局委员、中央书记处书记、中央宣传部部长黄坤明等三十六位同志。
Starting from the first day of the month, the central propaganda team will prepare lessons collectively.	从一号起，中央宣讲团成员进行集体备课。
The team will kick off the propaganda across the country as of the 5th.	五号起赴全国各地宣讲
With 10% efforts in deployment, 90% efforts will be made in implementation.	一分部署、九分落实。
After the delegates to the 19th CPC National Congress returned to the grass roots, the top priority is to convey the essence of the report delivered at the 19th CPC National Congress	十九大代表回到基层后，首要的事情就是把党的十九大报告精神
in place at a first time	第一时间传达到位
We shall combine with the on-going smart public security building in Shanghai and apply big data, cloud computing and other new technologies in the practical work.	要结合上海正在进行的智慧公安建设，把大数据、云计算等这些新技术，运用到工作中去。
He Xinglong, a delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and a rural doctor who lived in Daning County, Shanxi, after returning his home town, sent the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to his fellow villagers on the way of practice.	而远在山西大宁县的十九大代表、乡村医生贺星龙，回到家乡后，在行医路上把十九大精神送到乡亲们身边。
I	俺
The report noted to implement healthy China strategy, strengthen the community medical and health care service system and general practitioner team building. You can find, when I convey	报告提出，实施健康中国战略，加强基层医疗卫生服务体系和全科医生队伍建设，你看这下以后咱村里
the concern from General Secretary Xin Jinping and the Party Central Committee to the villagers, all of them	给老百姓传达到，把习总书记、党中央对大家的关怀关心传达到，大家都觉得
are feeling that our life has become better and better.	我们党的领导下，日子会越来越好。
According to our news, tomorrow, People's Daily will release a commentary titled starting a new journey of building a socialist modern country	本台消息，明天出版的人民日报发表评论员文章开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程，五论学习贯彻党的
Today, the CPC International Liaison Department holds a briefing meeting for interpreting the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to	中联部今天举办专题吹风会，面向一百五十多个国家的驻华使节以及国际组织、外国企业代表
the envoys of more than 150 countries in China, international organizations and delegates of foreign enterprises.	解读中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会精神。
The envoys present at the briefing noted that, the 19th CPC National Congress is of great significance	出席吹风会的驻华使节们表示，中共十九大意义重大
The congress has proposed Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and set forth a series of important strategic measures that accord with China's reality. It has not only given a specific direction for development of China	大会提出了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，提出了一系列符合中国实际的重大战略举措，不仅为中国的发展指明了方向
but also made a profound and lasting influence for the peace, prosperity and development of the world	也将对世界和平、繁荣与发展产生深远影响
Wulong District, Xiushan Autonomous County of Tujia and Miao Nationalities, Nanbu County and Guang'an District of Sichuan Province, Chishui City of Guizhou Province, Chengguan District, Yadong County, Karuo District, Bayi District and Naidong District of Tibet Autonomous Region	武隆区、秀山土家族苗族自治县，四川省南部县、广安区，贵州省赤水市，西藏自治区城关区、亚东县、卡若区、巴宜区、乃东区
and Lankao County of Henan Province, people in 28 poverty-stricken counties in rural areas have been lifted out of poverty.	和河南兰考县，全国已有二十八个贫困县脱贫摘帽。
The exit of poverty-stricken counties needs to pass the preliminary verification, secondary verification and special inspection for assessment.	贫困县退出需要通过初核、复核和评估专项检查。
Only those which have no objection during the publicity can exist from the list of poverty-stricken counties. The exit standard is also stringent.	公示无异议才能退出，退出标准也十分严格。
If poverty incidence is lower than 2% and 3%, 2% of them are exited by mistake or missing in listing, 90% recognized by the mass, can a poverty-stricken county exist from the list of poverty-stricken counties. However, any one of the four indexes can vote down.	贫困发生率如果低于百分之二和百分之三的，错退率、漏评率低于百分之二的，群众认可度高于百分之九十的同意它退出，但是这四个指标都是单一的否定指标。
After the poverty-stricken counties are lifted out of poverty, relevant policies, supports and measures shall be continued for them.	贫困县脱贫后不脱政策、不脱帮扶、不脱措施。
Today, Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security releases that 10.97 million new jobs have been created in the first three quarters, up by 300,000 year on year.	今天，人力资源和社会保障部公布前三季度全国城镇新增就业一千零九十七万人，同比增加三十万人。
The Purchasing Manager's Index (PMI) of Chinese manufacturing industry in October is 51.6%, maintaining a high level of more than 51% for 13 months in row.	十月份中国制造业采购经理指数为百分之五十一点六，连续十三个月保持在百分之五十一以上较高水平。
The industries with high energy consumption and high pollution decline by 2 percentage points while hi-tech industry, equipment manufacturing industry and consumer products industry keep growing steadily and quickly.	高耗能、高污染行业下降超两个百分点，而高技术产业、装备制造业和消费品行业保持平稳较快发展。
China Insurance Regulatory Commission noted that, from November 1, Interim Measures for Administration of Traceability for Insurance Sales Behaviors will be officially put into implementation as of November 1, specifying that the telemarketing businesses shall be performed with whole-process sound recording for all the types of insurance.	保监会表示，从十一月一号起正式实施《保险销售行为可回溯管理暂行办法》，明确电话销售业务应实施全险种、全过程录音。
A provincial-level party committee is established for profession of law.	成立省级律师行业党委。
Recently, CCTV and FIFA jointly announced that CCTV has obtained	近日，中央电视台和国际足联共同宣布，中央电视台获得二零一八至二零二二年国际足联各项赛事
an exclusive full-media copyright of FIFA events in Chinese mainland in 2018-2022.	在中国大陆地区的独家全媒体版权。
The events contained in the contract include the 2018 Russia FIFA World Cup and the 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup etc.	本次合约包括的赛事有二零一八年俄罗斯世界杯、二零二二年卡塔尔世界杯等。
Around 3 o'clock of the day, a man drove a pickup truck to bump against many people on the highway close to the new WTC, a landmark of New York.	当天下午三点左右，一名男子驾驶一辆皮卡在纽约地标新世贸中心附近道路上连撞多人。
This is a terrorist attack.	这是一起恐怖袭击。
According to media report, the man declared to launch the attack in the name of an extreme organization.	据媒体报道，此人宣称以极端组织名义发动袭击。
It is an expressway on the west side of Manhattan.	这是曼哈顿的西侧的一条快速路。
It is equivalent to a ring road we usually mention at home. It usually allows fast access. It is just ahead not far away. You can find it.	相当于我们国内常说的环路，它是能够经经常能够快速通过的，就在前面不远的地方大家可以看到
It is still blockaded by police, so that area is not accessible for us.	仍然被警察封锁着，那个区域我们是无法跨入。
After the attack occurred, the police of New York has put more forces and resources	袭击发生后，纽约警方已投入更多警力和资源
to ensure the security of citizens.	保证市民安全。
The US president Trump said more efforts would be made for dealing with the review of immigrants.	美国总统特朗普表示，进一步加强对外来移民的审查工作。
Next, let's watch international express.	接下来看国际快讯。
On November 1, Russian President Vladimir Putin paid a visit to Iran. During his visit, he will focus on consultation with Iran leaders on the Syrian crisis and cooperation of both countries in energy.	十一月一号，俄罗斯总统普京到访伊朗，访问期间将重点与伊朗领导人磋商叙利亚危机以及两国的能源合作。
Both Rusia and Iran support Syria's government of President Bashar al-Assad.	俄伊两国均支持叙利亚巴沙尔政府。
Recently, Iran and USA are in diametrical opposition to each other.	近期，伊朗与美国在伊核问题上针锋相对。
The outside world is very concerned about Russia's attitude on this issue.	外界也非常关注俄罗斯在此问题上的态度。
Then Abe formed a new cabinet, with all the original cabinet ministers staying on.	安倍随后组建了新一届内阁，原有阁僚全部留任。
At the election of the House of Representatives held on October 22, the ruling alliance composed of Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and Komeito obtained more than two thirds of seats.	在十月二十二号举行的众院选举中，自民党和公明党组成的执政联盟获得超过三分之二议席。
The Central Military Commission held a ceremony for promoting high-ranking officers to the military rank of general. Xi Jinping issued a writ to Zhang Shengmin who was promoted to the military rank of general and expressed his congratulation to him.	中央军委举行晋升上将军衔仪式，习近平向晋升上将军衔的张升民颁发命令状并表示祝贺。
At the invitation of president Xi Jinping, the US president Trump will pay a state visit to China.	应国家主席习近平邀请，美国总统特朗普将对我国进行国事访问。
The CPC Central Committee made a decision on earnestly studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.	中共中央做出关于认真学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神的决定。
General Secretary Xi Jinping led the members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee	习近平总书记带领中共中央政治局常委
to pay respect to the 1st National Congress of the CPC and the red boat on South Lake for announcing the firm political belief of the new generation of Party leadership. The move has greatly built up the inner strength of the numerous Party members and cadres in remaining true to our original aspiration, keeping our mission firmly in mind and	瞻仰中共一大会址和南湖红船，宣示新一届中央领导集体的坚定政治信念，极大凝聚起广大党员干部不忘初心、牢记使命
working hard forever. The 30th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group session for consideration and special inquiry on implementation of Law on the Prevention and Control of Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes.	永远奋斗的精神力量，十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议举行联组会议，审议并专题询问固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况。
It was included into the safety resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.	首次载入联合国大会安全决议。
Next, please watch the details.	接下来请您收看详细内容。
The ceremony for the Central Military Commission in promoting high-ranking officers to the military rank of general was held on November 2 in the August 1st Building of Beijing.	中央军委晋升上将军衔仪式十一月二号在北京八一大楼隆重举行。
At 4:30 p.m., the ceremony for promotion was started with the solemn national anthem.	下午四时三十分时晋衔仪式在庄严的国歌声中开始。
The vice chairman of the Central Military Commission Xu Qiliang read out the xxx signed by the chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping	中央 中央军委副主席许其亮宣读了中央军委主席习近平签署的
Group photo	合影留念
The members of the Central Military Commission Wei Fenghe, Li Zuocheng, Miao Hua and heads of departments under the Central Military Commission and leaders above deputy heads of theatre from large units in Beijing etc.	中央军委委员魏凤和、李作成、苗华，以及军委机关各部门领导和驻京大单位副战区职以上领导等
According to our news, at the invitation of president Xi Jinping, the president of the United States of America Donald Trump will pay a state visit to China on November 8-10.	本台消息，应国家主席习近平邀请，美利坚合众国总统唐纳德·特朗普将于十一月八日至十日对中国进行国事访问。
By that time, the heads of the two countries will carry out an in-depth exchange on sino-American relation and the major regional and international issues of common concern.	届时，两国领导人将就中美关系和共同关心的重大国际与地区问题深入交换意见。
Inject new strong impetus	注入新的强劲动力
Overall situation of the Party and the state, has a direct bearing on the long-term development of the socialist cause with Chinese characteristics and the interests of the great majority of the people	党和国家工作全局，事关中国特色社会主义事业长远发展，事关最广大人民根本利益
persist in the confidence of the road, theory, system and culture, realize such three historic missions as pushing forward the modernization drive, accomplishing the reunification of the motherland, upholding the world peace	坚定道路自信、理论自信、制度自信、文化自信，为实现推进现代化建设、完成祖国统一、维护世界和平
and promoting the common development of all nations, make more efforts in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and win a great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics for new era	与促进共同发展三大历史任务，为决胜全面建成小康社会、夺取新时代中国特色社会主义伟大胜利
To make continued efforts in realizing the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and achieving the people's aspiration for a better life is of great importance both in reality and in history.	实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦、实现人民对美好生活的向往继续奋斗，具有重大现实意义和深远历史意义。
The Decision pointed out that we shall fully and accurately study and comprehend the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress, have a thorough knowledge of the theme of the 19th CPC National Congress and Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era	《决定》指出，要全面准确学习领会党的十九大精神，深刻领会党的十九大的主题，深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的
March towards the realization of the goal for the first century and the second century and thoroughly understand the socialist economic and political advancement	实现第一个百年奋斗目标和向第二个百年奋斗目标进军，深刻领会社会主义经济建设、政治建设
An important plan for diplomacy, fully understand the major deployment in exercising self-discipline inside the Party in an unswerving and all-around manner.	外交工作的重大部署，深刻领会坚定不移全面从严治党的重大部署。
The Decision pointed out that we shall earnestly carry out the study and publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress	《决定》指出，要认真做好党的十九大精神的学习宣传
Deal with learning and training properly, strive to launch the propaganda campaign, carefully organize the press publicity and the studying and interpretation.	切实抓好学习培训，集中开展宣讲活动，精心组织新闻宣传，认真组织研究阐释。
We shall carry forward the academic atmosphere of linking theory with practice	要弘扬理论联系实际的学风
Effectively improve the capacity of solving the problem and advancing the development.	切实提高解决问题、推动发展的能力。
We shall earnestly strengthen the organizational leadership and urge Party committees (leading party groups) at all levels to assume the responsibilities of leadership	要切实加强组织领导，各级党委（党组）要切实负起领导责任
Firmly grasp the correct orientation and focus on making it more attractive and influential.	牢牢把握正确导向，着力增强吸引力感染力。
All the regions and departments shall report the situation on studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to	各地区各部门要及时将学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神的情况
the the Party Central Committee promptly	报告党中央
So long as the whole Party and the people of all ethnic groups in the country unit as one and work hard, the gigantic ship for realizing the great rejuvenation of Chinese nation can, without question, brave the wind and waves and sail to the brilliant destination triumphantly.	只要全党全国各族人民团结一心、苦干实干，中华民族伟大复兴的巨轮就一定能够乘风破浪，胜利驶向光辉的彼岸。
The remarks made by the general secretary have gathered	总书记的话语极大的凝聚起了
the confidence and strength of the people across the country in remaining true to our original aspiration, keeping our mission firmly in mind and struggling in an unswerving way.	全国人民不忘初心、牢记使命、矢志奋斗的信心和力量。
From the stone-gate buildings with great vicissitudes to a red boat on South Lake, Jiaxing, the Communist Party of China was born here	从饱经沧桑的石库门建筑，到嘉兴南湖的一叶红船，中国共产党从这里诞生
The 19th CPC National Congresses has drawn a splendid blueprint for the development cause of the Party and the state and ushered in a brand new era.	党的十九大，擘画了党和国家事业发展的宏伟蓝图，开启了一个崭新的时代。
On October 31, General Secretary Xi Jinping led the members of the Standing Committee of the CPC Political Bureau to visit the site of the 1st National Congress of the CPC	十月三十一号，习近平总书记带领中央政治局常委瞻仰了一大会址
The new collective leadership returned to the birthplace of the Party, which has also started a great earthshaking cause for revitalizing the nation in a new era.	新的领导集体又回到党的诞生地，也开启了我们新时代惊天动地的民族复兴的，一个伟大事业。
Make a due contribution to building a beautiful China in confidence, in the past days, the memorial of the 1st National Congress of the CPC in Shanghai	建设美丽中国的信心，为建设美丽中国做出我们应有的贡献，这两天，上海中共一大会址纪念馆
has greeted a lot of visitors, who expressed their willing to follow the footsteps of the new collective leadership, study the history of the Party and go over the oath for joining the Party.	迎来了大批参观群众，大家表示要紧随新一届党中央领导集体的脚步，学习党的历史，重温入党誓词。
As we once came here and also took an oath, we were extremely motivated when we found President Xi also came here. It seemed to enhance the morale of the people. So, after discussing with each other, we decided to pay another visit so that we could review the procedure of making a vow here. I am so excited today.	因为我们以前来过，也在这宣誓过，看了这个习主席来了以后也特别振奋，好像人一下很鼓舞很鼓舞人士气的，所以我们老两口商量今天一定要再去一趟，再重温一下我们当时在这宣誓的过程，所以今天来了以后心情很激动的。
Even I am not in good heath, but my husband promised to support me for the visit.	虽然我身体不太好，他说我拽着你也去。
In this case, I come here together with him.	我就跟着他一起来了，我们可以说
We joined the Party since the first year we entered the college. We have a firm belief. A person shall have such an idea and keep such a firm faith which shall bedeeply rooted in his heart.	就就从一进大学开始入党，就信念就非常的坚定，人总是心中还是要有这样的这样的想法，就是要坚定这样的信念，扎根在心里。
Only in this way can we offer better service for the country after we start to work in an organization.	我觉得才能以后更好的不管是走上工作岗位还是怎么样，才能更好地为社会为国家服务。
Before a huge Party flag at the site of the 1st National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping led other members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau to go over the oath for joining the Party.	在一大会址巨幅党旗前，习近平总书记带领其他常委同志集体重温入党誓词。
The general secretary said, “it is not hard to remember the oath, but it is difficult to hold fast to it for life. "	总书记说：入党誓词记住并不难，难的是终身坚守。
The saying made Zhang Liming on the spot deeply moved.	这句话，让当时在场的张黎明深有感触。
Joining the Party is very simple, but it is very difficult for you to conform to it for life. You need to make a great sacrifice. So, I feel that the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core has set a model for us,	一次入党是非常简单的，但是你要做一辈子按照这个做一辈子是非常非常困难的，是要做出巨大牺牲的，所以说我我觉得以习近平同志为核心的党中央，为我们做出了榜样，为我们
The oath is just a mirror, on which we shall check ourselves frequently for rectifying our shortcomings, tempering our Party spirit and interpreting the belief in our heart through our concrete actions.	入党誓词是一面镜子，只有经常加以对照，以此修身正己锤炼党性，始终以实际行动诠释心中的信仰。
With the Indomitable fighting spirit, and the sacrifice spirit of dedication to work for the public and assuming power for the people, the 19th CPC National Congress has started a new journey of the course of the party and our country. All the Party members and cadres said that they would, from the brilliant history of the Party,	百折不挠的奋斗精神，立党为公忠诚为民的奉献精神党的十九大开启了党和国家事业的新征程，广大党员干部表示，要从党的光辉历史中
draw strength of struggling, bear the original aspiration and mission in mind, unit as one, work hard, and thoroughly comprehend the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress	汲取奋进的力量， 牢记共产党人的初心和使命，团结一心、苦干实干，真正把十九大精神学懂弄通
To witness the scene, I feel more promising and more energetic. Next, we shall keep on learning and understanding	就在眼前更嗯感觉更有希望，那个动力更足，我们接下来的工作咧就是不断地学习，不断地去领会。
While comprehending, we also need to put it into practice.	领会的同时还要去实践。
After Entering a new era, to carry out the new guidelines and start a new journey, we must give our firm support	进入新时代，贯彻新思想，踏上新征程，我们一定坚决拥护。
to the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core	以习近平同志为核心的党中央
We believe	我们相信
The 30th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on the afternoon of the 2th.	十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议二号下午在北京人民大会堂举行联组会议，结合审议全国人大常委会执法检查组
Zhang Dejiang said, General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in the report of the 19th CPC National Congress that building an ecological civilization is a major program of millennium for ensuring the lasting and sustainable development of the Chinese nation,	张德江说，习近平总书记在十九大报告中指出，建设生态文明是中华民族永续发展的千年大计
highlighting that more efforts shall be made in improving solid waste and refuse disposal.	强调要加强固体废弃物和垃圾处置。
We shall build up and carry out the concept that beautiful scenery is the gold and silver mines.	我们要树立和践行绿水青山就是金山银山的理念
Comprehensively implement the Law on the Prevention and Control of Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, solve pressing problems related to environment, win the war against pollution prevention and control,	全面贯彻实施固体废物污染环境防治法，着力解决突出环境问题，坚决打赢污染防治攻坚战
accelerate the promotion of green development, move faster to create a new pattern of modernization featuring a harmonic development between man and nature so as to better meet the people's ever-growing material and cultural needs for a beautiful ecological environment.	加快推进绿色发展，推动形成人与自然和谐发展的现代化建设新格局，更好满足人民日益增长的优美生态环境需要。
Promote the overall improvement of ecological environment; we shall take prevention and control of solid waste pollution as a powerful measure of green development for promoting the formation of spatial pattern, industrial structure, mode of production and life style of resource conversation and environmental protection	促进生态环境整体改善；要把防治固体废物污染作为实现绿色发展的有力抓手，促进形成节约资源和保护环境的空间格局、产业结构、生产方式、生活方式
During the inquiry on special topics, the members of relevant speical committee and standing committee of the NPC made relevant inquiries on what kind of measures would be adopted by the State Council on preventing and controlling solid waste pollution,	专题询问中，全国人大有关专门委员会委员和常委会委员分别就国务院将采取哪些措施依法防治固体废物污染
inhibiting the increment, reducing the existing pollution and pushing hard to ensure success in pollution prevention and control.	遏制增量、减少存量，切实打好污染防治攻坚战；
What measures will be taken in strengthening the disposal and oversight of hazardous wastes	将采取哪些措施强化危险废物处置和监管
How to improve the level of industrial solid waste resource comprehensive utilization	如何提高工业固体废物资源综合利用水平；
How to coordinate the urban and rural domestic refuse disposal, promote the change of construction wastes into valuables and strengthen the publicity and education	如何统筹城乡生活垃圾处理，推动建筑垃圾变废为宝，加强宣传教育
Push ahead with implementation of refuse classification system;	推进垃圾分类制度落地；
What measures will be taken in further improving the agricultural waste harmless disposal and resource utilization	将采取哪些措施进一步提高农业废弃物无害化处理和资源化利用率
how to promote the settlement of solid waste polluton arisen from excessive packaging, assign the responsiblities of producers in recycling and disposal and solve the problem of environmental pollution brought about by illegal dismantling of discarded electronic products	对如何推动解决过度包装产生的固体废物污染，落实生产者回收处置责任，解决非法拆解处理废弃电子产品带来的环境污染问题
How to improve the waste charging system and take effective measures in strengthening the oversight of medical waste disposal.	如何完善垃圾收费制度，采取有效措施加强医疗废物处理的监管等问题提出询问。
The State Councilor Wang Yong and heads of relevant departments are present at the meeting upon request.	国务委员王勇和有关部门负责人到会应询。
Wang Yong noted that the State Council and relevant departments will continue to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress	王勇表示，国务院及有关部门将继续深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神
and push hard to ensure success in pollution prevention and control.	坚决打好污染防治攻坚战。
Unswervingly press ahead with solid waste pollution prevention and control in accordance with the law, conscientiously accept the oversight of the NPC,	坚定不移地依法推进固体废物污染防治工作，认真接受人大监督
make specific arrangement to solve acute problems in environment	切实解决突出环境问题
The Eighth Plenary Session of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project Construction Committee under the State Council was held on November 2 in Beijing. Zhang Gaoli, Vice Premier of the State Council and Director of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project Construction Committee under the State Council,	国务院南水北调工程建设委员会第八次全体会议二号在北京召开，国务院副总理、国务院南水北调工程建设委员会主任张高丽
further unified the thought, recognition and action intothe major decisions and deploymentof the Party Central Committee with comrade Xi Jinping as the core, stressing that we should dare to shoulder our responsibilities and strive to make continuous progresses.	进一步把思想认识行动统一到以习近平同志为核心的党中央重大决策部署上来，勇于担当、奋发有为
Aftera positive affirmation of the achievements in the work of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, Zhang Gaoli stressed that we should continue to make great efforts in fulfilling the work of South-to-North Water Diversion Project in an all-round way	在充分肯定南水北调工程工作取得的成绩后，张高丽强调，要继续扎实做好南水北调工程各项工作。
We should strengthen safety management to ensure the smooth operation of the project.	要加强安全管理，保证工程平稳运行。
We should strengthen to the supervision and protection of the water to ensure that the water quality is stable and up to standards. We should provide enough assistance to the immigrants,	要强化监测保护，确保调水水质稳定达标。要做好移民帮扶
and promote the immigrants toachieve a comfortable life with the local people synchronously	促进移民和当地群众同步实现小康。
We should optimize the allocation and dispatching of water amount among provinces, to serve major strategies such as the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province and the Yangtze River Economic Belt development, and	要优化水量省际配置和调度，服务京津冀协同发展、长江经济带发展等重大战略
to ensure the demand for water of the construction and development in Xiong'an New area.	保障好雄安新区建设发展用水需求。
We should establish a good water-saving, water-diversion and water-using mechanism, and promote the project to give full play to its benefits	要建立良好的节水、调水和用水机制，推动工程充分发挥效益。
We should promote the in-depth research and demonstration, and advance the preparations of the follow-up project in an orderly way.	要深入研究论证，有序推进后续工程建设准备工作。
Wang Yang pointed out that the South-to-North Water Diversion Project had made great achievement since its establishment and operation, which once again validated China’s political advantages and institutional superiorities.	汪洋指出，南水北调工程建成运营并取得巨大成效，再次验证了我国的政治优势和制度优势。
We should carefully summarize the good experience and deeds accumulated in the construction and operation of the project, to speed up the establishment of a management system and a operation mechanism adapted to the requirements of the new era,	要认真总结工程建设和运营积累的好经验、好做法，加快建立适应新时代要求的管理体制和运行机制
build the South-to-North Water Diversion Project into a corridor with clear water and greenness, and promote the project to benefit the people and society for the long run.	把南水北调工程打造成清水走廊、绿色走廊，让工程长期造福人民、造福社会。
We should increase the assistance for immigrants in the reservoir area,	要加大对库区移民的帮扶力度
so that they won’t lag behind in the journey of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.	确保他们在全面建成小康社会中不掉队。
Wei Wei, a delegation to the 19th CPC National Congress and the Chief of the Combat Training Department of a war brigade of the No.76 Army Group, walked into the training camp and held his first propaganda among the officers and soldiers, during which he not only reviewed the achievements of development and the advancement of national defense and military modernization,	十九大代表、陆军第七十六集团军某特战旅作训科长魏巍，深入驻训营区，从回顾发展成就到推进国防和军队现代化
but also called to carry out the thought of strengthening the army in the new era and building up the world’s leading military.	从贯彻新时代强军思想到建设世界一流军队，为官兵进行了他的第一场宣讲。
President Xi pointed out that	习主席讲
a military is built to fight,	军队是要准备打仗的
and our military must regard combat capability as the criterion to meet in all its work	一切工作都必须坚持战斗的标准
and focus on how to win when it is called on.	向能打仗，打胜仗聚焦。
In the spirit of the 19th NPC National Congress, I came back to convey President Xi’s instructions to the hearts of every officer and soldier.	这次回来我就是要把主席的嘱托，传递到每名官兵的心中。
The twelve new spotlights derived from the 19th CPC National Congress report and explained by Wang Rui, a delegation to the 19th CPC National Congress and the Captain of the Amphibious Assault Vehicle, in the micro-lecture hall of Huangcaoling Meritorious Company of the No.74 Group Army,	在陆军第七十四集团军某旅黄草岭功臣连的微讲堂上十九大代表、两栖突击车车长王锐，结合十九大报告讲解的十二个新亮点
were particularly noteworthy.	格外吸引大家的关注。
As a representative of the grass-roots, I think we should interpret the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress to the soldiers in the most straightforward language,	作为一名基层代表，我想就应该用战士的语言，最直白的的话去解读
help resolve their questions and doubts, guide them to comprehend the essence of the spirit based on reality, and implement the spirit into their battle stations.	帮助他们答疑解惑，让他们联系实际去理解，结合战位去落实。
We have learned a great deal from the early study of the 19th CPC National Congress report,	之前学习十九大报告的时候，很多东西虽然都知道
and developed a clearer understanding and knowledge of our responsibilities in the new era.	对于新时代自己的岗位任务有了更清楚的理解和认识。
Wen Guoliang, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the commander of a ground-to-ship missile legion of the East China Sea Fleet explained to the new soldiers the new thoughts in the 19th CPC National Congress report.	十九大代表海军东海舰队某基地岸导团营长温国良向刚入伍的新战士讲述报告中的新思想。
New mission, new goals	新使命、新目标
Exchanged learning experiences with the new soldiers and shared with them the growing-up stories.	与新兵交流学习心得、共话成长故事。
To study and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress is to become a New Age navy sailor that is ready to shoulder the important missions of building a strong army,	学习贯彻十九大精神，就是要争做勇担强军重任的新时代水兵
dedicate his youth and enthusiasm to building Chinese navy into the world’s leading military, and devote himself heart and soul to promoting the realization of the Chinese dream and the dream of building a powerful military.	为建成世界一流军队，奉献青春，为实现中国梦、强军梦贡献力量。
For the questions raised by the soldiers, Zhang Yanbing, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the assistant engineer of the Data Information Office of Jilin Military Region, said that	十九大代表，吉林省军区数据信息室助理工程师张燕兵，面对官兵提出的一个个问题
it was not only necessary to study and propagate the 19th CPC National Congress spirit well, but also important to put the spirit into action and motivate the officers and soldiers at the grassroots to shoulder their responsibilities in the new era.	不仅要把十九大的精神学习好、宣传好，更要用行动带动好，让基层官兵肩负起新时代青年官兵的责任与担当。
In order to help the officers and soldiers better understand the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress,	为帮助官兵学深悟透十九大精神
Liu Rui, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the regimental commander of an air force aviation region in the Southern Theater Command, have done a great deal of work.	十九大代表、南部战区空军航空兵某团团长刘锐精心整理宣讲资料。
He carefully collated the propaganda materials, prepared multiple propaganda outlines for different groups, interpreted to the officers and soldiers the key words of the 19th CPC National Congress report, and construed the essences of the report in a coherent and systematic manner,	针对不同的群体认真准备多份宣讲提纲，为官兵解读十九大报告关键词，串讲十九大报告精髓要义
so as to continuously reinforce their understanding of the essence and spirit of the report.	不断深化学习理解。
President Xi pointed out that a military is built to fight, and our military must regard combat capability	习主席在十九大报告当中指出，军队是要准备打仗的，一切工作
as the criterion to meet in all its work and focus on how to win when it is called on.	必须坚持战斗力标准，要向能打仗、打胜仗聚焦。
People should set a good example for the officers and soldiers with their actual deeds,	人们更要用自己的实际行动做好表率，让官兵按照十九大
and guide them to constantly improve their capabilities and fighting abilities towards the goal of building a powerful nation and military established in the 19th CPC National Congress, and shoulder the great missions of the new era entrusted by the party and the people.	确立的强国强军目标，不断地提高自身能力素质和打赢本领，担当起党和人民赋予的新时代使命任务
Tomorrow’s People Daily will publish a commentator’s article with the title of “Pushing Forward the Overall Layout of Five-in-One in the New Era——	明天出版的人民日报将发表评论员文章，题目是统筹推进新时代五位一体总体布局
The Sixth Essay on Studying and Implementing the Spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress”.	六论学习贯彻党的十九大精神
Xinhua reported, the Central Committee of the Democratic parties, the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, and the personages without party affiliation are seriously studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.	本台消息，新华社今天播发综合报道，各民主党派中央、全国工商联和无党派人士认真学习贯彻中共十九大精神。
The first China International Import Expo will be held in Shanghai from November 5th-10th, 2018.	首届中国国际进口博览会将于二零一八年十一月五号到十号在上海举行。
This is a major decision made by China to push forward a new round of high-level opening	这是我国推进新一轮高水平对外开放
to the outside world.	做出的一项重大决策
By then, the enterprises from more than 100 nations and regions will be present at the exposition.	届时将有一百多个国家和地区的企业参展。
Xinhua Insight: Documentary of President Xi Jinping’s Attendance at the G20 Summit in Hangzhou”.	其中新华社通讯，弄潮儿向涛头立习近平主席出席二十国集团领导人杭州峰会系列活动纪实 。
Four works including the CCTV news—“Xi Jinping Stressed Respecting the Nature, Following the Nature, Protecting the Nature and Firmly Consolidating the National Ecological Security Barrier” were awarded the Special Prize.	中央电视台的消息《习近平在青海考察时强调尊重自然顺应自然保护自然坚决筑牢国家生态安全屏障》等四件作品获得特别奖。
Beijing-Shenyang High-speed Rail is the final episode of China’s Four-Vertical and Four-Horizontal high-speed network.	京沈高铁是我国四纵四横高铁网的收官之作。
After opening to traffic, the journey from Beijing to Shenyang will be shortened to	通车后，北京至沈阳运行时间
just about two and a half hours.	将缩短至两个半小时左右
President Erdogan, the chairman of the Justice and Development Party of Turkey, said in his letter of greetings , “I sincerely congratulate you on your re-election as the general secretary of the CPC Central Committee.	土耳其正义与发展党主席、总统埃尔多安在贺函中表示，我谨衷心祝贺阁下再次当选中共中央总书记。
I would be committed to strengthening and enhancing the cooperation between our two countries in various fields under the framework of the Arab-China comprehensive strategic partnership and achieving the common interests of the two peoples.”	致力于在阿中全面战略伙伴关系框架下加强和提升两国各领域合作，实现友好的两国人民的共同利益。
President Guelleh, the president of the Djibouti League for Progressive People, said in his letter of greetings , “your re-election has fully demonstrated	吉布提争取进步人民联盟主席、总统盖莱在贺函中表示，您的再次当选充分表明
your support from the whole party.	您得到全党拥护和支持
I believe that under your wise leadership, China's development in all areas will continue to make new and greater achievements,	相信在您的英明领导下，中国各领域发展必将不断取得新的更大成就。
and the international influence will be further enhanced.”	国际影响力必将进一步得到提升
Brazilian President Ditmeyer said in greetings , “I would like to extend my warm congratulations on your re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and wish you much success in your new term.	巴西总统特梅尔在贺函中表示，我谨对您连任中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺，祝愿您在新的任期取得更大成就。
I will continue to push forward the comprehensive strategic partnership between Pakistan and China.”	我将继续推动巴中全面战略伙伴关系继续前进。
Brunei Sultan Hassannar said in his letter of greetings, “China's economic development has achieved remarkable achievements and	文莱苏丹哈桑纳尔在贺函中表示，在阁下的英明领导下，中国经济发展取得卓越成就。
people's living standards has been continulously improved	人民生活水平持续提高
under your wise leadership, I am confident that your country will continue to make progress towards the Chinese dream and contribute to the achievement of the United Nations	相信贵国将在实现中国梦的征程上不断取得进步，并为实现联合国可持续发展目标
Sustainable Development goals.	作出贡献
President of Afghanistan, Ghani said in his letter of greetings , “your re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee has fully reflected that all CPC members and the Chinese people......	阿富汗总统加尼在贺函中表示，阁下再次当选中共中央总书记，充分反映了中国共产党全体党员和中国人民
Maldivian President Yaming said in his letter of greetings , “the important decisions made at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China will make the ......that you drew......,	马尔代夫总统亚明在贺函中表示，中共十九大作出的重要决定将使阁下描绘的
and continuous to develop.	不断发展
There are also congratulatory messages or greetings from:	发来贺电或贺函的还有
King Abdullah of Jordan	约旦国王阿卜杜拉二世
President Aoun of Lebanon	黎巴嫩总统奥恩
President Meta of Albania	阿尔巴尼亚总统梅塔
The chairman-in-office of the Bosnia and Herzegovina presidency, Covic	波黑主席团轮值主席乔维奇
Chairman of Malaysia National Front and the Prime Minister Najib	马来西亚国民阵线主席政府总理纳吉布
The leader of National People's Congress of Papua New Guinea and the prime Minister, O ' Neill	巴布亚新几内亚人民全国代表大会党领袖政府总理奥尼尔
Chairman of the Vanuatu Unification Movement and the government prime minister, Salvai	瓦努阿图统一运动改良党主席政府总理萨尔维
The leader of the new National Party of Grenada and the Prime Minister, Mitchell	格林纳达新民族党领袖政府总理米切尔
Chairman of the Lebanese Amal Movement, Speaker Berri, etc.	黎巴嫩阿迈勒运动主席议长贝里等
October 30, two resolutions were adopted at the meeting of the First Committee in charge of Disarmament and International Security Affairs at the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly.	十月三十号，第七十二届联合国大会负责裁军和国际安全事务的第一委员会会议通过两份决议。
These two resolutions, "Prevention ofarms race in outer space" and "not to place weapons first in outer space",	这两份决议分别是不首先在外空放置武器和防止外空军备竞赛进一步切实措施。
are to push forward and strengthen the international cooperation in outer space for the purpose of peace,	促进和加强以和平为目的的外层空间国际合作
manifesting the wide recognition of international community and the significant contribution of China’s proposal made to the global governance.	体现了国际社会的广泛认可，也彰显了中国方案对全球治理所做的重要贡献。
Therefore, we welcome the concept of China.	因此，我们欢迎中国的理念。
Arurom, president of the First Committee of the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly also stressed that China's concept of "building a community of shared future for mankind" is	第七十二届联大第一委员会主席阿鲁罗姆也强调，构建人类命运共同体理念
forward-looking and	具有前瞻性
effective in solve the dilemma of global security governance, and it should be promoted in the multilateral field.	是破解全球安全治理困境的有效办法，应该在多边领域加以推广。
The international news bulletins are next.	下面请看一组国际快讯。
Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Iran on November 1 to meet with Iran president Ruhani and Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	在伊朗访问的俄罗斯总统普京一号分别与伊朗总统鲁哈尼和伊朗最高领袖哈梅内伊举行会晤。
Putin said that Russia opposed any unilateral action which might change the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action on Iran’s nuclear issues,	普京表示，俄罗斯反对任何改变伊朗核问题全面协议的单边行动。
and it was unacceptable that some countries did not recognize the plan.	某些国家不承认这一多边协议的行为不可接受。
It would bring more uncertainty to the implementation of the Iran’s nuclear plan.	给伊核协议的履行带来了不确定性
Push forward global clean development, power interconnection and other top ten initiatives to accelerate global energy interconnection.	在全球推进清洁发展、电网互联等十大行动，加快全球能源互联互通。
Embargo against Cuba is a "flagrant, massive and systematic" violation and has brought inestimable losses to Cuba.	公然的、大规模的、系统的侵犯，封锁给古巴带来了难以估量的损失
3 people were killed in a shooting at a Wal-Mart supermarket on the outskirts of Denver, the capital of Colorado State in the United States,	当地时间一号傍晚，北京时间今天上午，美国科罗拉多州首府丹佛市郊区的一家沃尔玛超市
on the evening of November 1 local time, this morning Beijing time.	发生枪击，造成三人死亡
After the incident, the police evacuated the crowd in the supermarket and stepped up their vigilance in the surrounding area.	事发后警方疏散了超市内的人群，并在周边地区加强戒备。
Local police said a suspect was at large and the police had launched a search operation.	当地警方称，一名嫌疑人在逃，警方已经展开搜寻行动。
The nature of the incident and the motive of the gunman	有关事件的性质，及枪手行凶动机
are still under investigation.	仍在调查中
Tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast has concluded. Thank you for watching.	今天的新闻联播播送完了，感谢收看。
For more news updates, download our new mobile app. For the download address, search	获取更多新闻资讯您还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可搜索
CCTV News plus, we’ll see you later	央视新闻加，观众朋友再见
Goodbye.	再见。
Good evening, viewers.	各位观众晚上好。
Good evening.	晚上好。
Today is Friday, November 3rd, and the 15th day of ninth month of the Lunar Calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.	今天是十一月三号星期五农历九月十五，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.	首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。
President Xi, in his inspection of the JMC's Joint Operations Command center, stressed that “Strengthen the bright direction of war preparation, and comprehensively enhance winning ability of the new era”	习近平在视察军委联合作战指挥中心时强调，强化备战打仗的鲜明导向，全面提高新时代打赢能力。
President Xi Jinping will attend the 25th APEC leaders’ informal meeting and pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos	习近平将出席亚太经合组织第二十五次领导人非正式会议，并对越南、老挝进行国事访问。
Entrusted by CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping,	受中共中央
International Department of Central Committee of CPC and General Office of the CPC Central Committee deliver the publication.	和习近平总书记委托，中共中央办公厅，中共中央对外联络部发表公告。
Li Keqiang has made important instructions to the Winter and Spring Water Conservancy Infrastructure Teleconference. Wang Yang attended the meeting and delivered a speech.	李克强对全国冬春农田水利基本建设电视电话会议作出重要批示，汪洋出席会议并讲话。
Premier Li Keqiang meets with Bill Gates.	李克强会见比尔盖茨。
The 12th session of the NPC Standing Committee	十二届全国人大常委会
Apologize for the Chinese Exclusion in history.	就历史上的排华行为，作出道歉。
Next, please watch the details.	接下来请您收看详细内容。
Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the Military commission, chairman of the CMC, and commander of Joint Military Operations Command center inspected the CMC center on November 3, and said that the new Commission would carry out the spirit of 19th national congress,	中共中央总书记、国家主席、中央军委主席、军委联指总指挥习近平三号视察军委联合作战指挥中心，表明新一届军委贯彻落实党的十九大精神
and promoted the distinct attitude to focusing all work of the army on the ability to fight and win.	推动全军各项工作向能打仗、打胜仗聚焦的鲜明态度
Xi Jinping stressed that to achieve the party's targets of strong military in the new era and to build a world-class military, we must grasp the key to be able to fight and win the war.	习近平强调，实现党在新时代的强军目标、把人民军队全面建成世界一流军队，必须扭住能打仗、打胜仗
The entire army must conscientiously study and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party, thoroughly study and implement the party's idea of	全军要认真学习贯彻党的十九大精神，深入学习贯彻新时代党的强军思想，贯彻新形势下
strengthening the armed forces in the new era, implement the military strategic principles in new situations, strengthen the responsibilities of missions, strengthen the reforms and innovations, strengthen the implementation of work, and comprehensively improving the ability to prepare for the war in the new era, providing strategic support for achieving the two hundred-year goals and	军事战略方针，强化使命担当，强化改革创新，强化工作落实，全面提高新时代备战打仗能力，为实现两个一百年奋斗目标
the Chinese dream to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.	实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦提供战略支撑
At 9:30 am, Xi Jinping in full military uniforms went to the Central building of the Committee of Central Military Commission.	上午九时三十分时，习近平一身戎装来到军委联指中心大楼。
Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the issue of war preparations of our military.	习近平对我军备战打仗问题一直高度重视。
On the second day after the conclusion of the 19th Party Congress, Xi Jinping presided over the first meeting of the Central Military Commission. He emphasized that the Military Commission should promote the work of the entire military.	党的十九大闭幕后第二天，习近平主持第一次军委常务会议，就强调军委班子要推动全军各项工作向
Xi Jinping pointed out that the military must prepare for a war, and that the Central Military Commission must understand how to fight with good plan and commanding in the war.	习近平指出，军队是要准备打仗的，军委必须懂打仗、善谋略、会指挥。
CMC should set up the baton for fight in the war at the beginning of the work.	军委工作一开始就要把备战打仗的指挥棒立起来
To come to the CTC Central Committee today, it is to take a clear-cut attitude, starting from me and starting from the Central Military Commission, we must strengthen our work on war preparations.	今天到军委联指中心来，就是要亮明态度，从我做起，从军委做起，强化备战打仗导向。
We must increase our ability to win, work hard to prepare for war, and lead our army to be able to fight and win the war, so as to bear the mission of the new era entrusted by the party and the people.	提高打赢本领，抓实备战工作，带领我军真正做到能打仗、打胜仗，担当起党和人民赋予的新时代使命任务。
Xi Jinping went over all the sites one by one, asked about relevant issues, and had in-depth exchanges with the people on duty.	习近平逐一察看各个部位，详细询问有关情况，同值班人员深入交流。
In April last year, Xi Jinping made a special trip to inspect this place.	去年四月，习近平曾专程视察这里。
Over the past year or so, the CMC Central Committee has made many new improvements. Xi Jinping was very pleased and encouraged everyone to continue to improve	看到一年多来军委联指中心取得许多新进步，习近平十分高兴，勉励大家再接再厉，不断提高
his joint warfare command capability.	联合作战指挥能力
At 10, Xi Jinping took a seat at the general command post,	十时许，习近平在总指挥席就座。
called front task force through the video.	通过视频呼点一线任务部队
This year's temperature dropped to minus 12 degrees Celsius, yet it was not very cold.	今年的温度已降到零下十二摄氏度，感觉还不是很冷。
At present, it is able to meet the needs for the winter and for performing various tasks.	目前，能够满足过冬和执行各项任务的需要。
How is the daily combat training?	日常战备训练抓得如何？
How is the related security work going on?	相关保障工作搞得怎么样？
What are the practical difficulties?	还有哪些实际困难？
Xi Jinping asked many details.	习近平问得很仔细。
How do you feel about such routine trainings for combat teams?	现在这个日常的战队训练，你们行不行。
I’d like to report to the Commander that we will always be ready for war, and the aircraft-warning radar and sea-warning radar will be available on a 7*24 basis in order to keep a close eye on the sky and sea and allow us to formulate improved response solutions.	报告首级，我将常态保持战备，对空对海警戒雷达二十四小时开机，严密监视当天海空情况，制定完善应对行动方案。
Trainings and drills in various aspects such as fighting back and patrol inspection were organized on a regular basis.	经常性组织，反击将巡逻警查证等训练演练。
Xi Jinping urged them to exercise vigilance and be ready for responding to any emergency.	习近平叮嘱大家保持高度戒备，做好随时应对突发情况准备。
Next, Xi Jinping checked the Djibouti-based Security Base via video.	接着，习近平通过视频察看了驻吉布提保障基地。
This base is the first overseas security base of the Chinese Navy.	该基地是我军第一个海外保障基地。
A four-level (including red level, orange level, yellow level and green level) alerting and defense system was built and eight emergency response teams are always ready. Military drills were organized on an irregular basis in order to realize……	建立了红橙黄绿四级警戒防卫体系，有八个应急分队随时待命，不定期组织战队拉动演练，坚决做到
Then, Xi Jinping listened to a work report about troop training and war preparation of the whole army and delivered a keynote speech.	随后，习近平听取了全军练兵备战工作汇报，并发表重要讲话。
Xi Jinping recognized and appreciated the great result of troop training and war preparation achieved by the whole army since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.	习近平充分肯定了党的十八大以来全军练兵备战取得的成绩。
He stressed that China is developing into a powerful country from a big country in this key stage. China has a promising future on one hand and is also facing severe challenges on the other hand.	他强调，我国正处在由大向强发展的关键阶段，前景十分光明，挑战也十分严峻。
It is impossible to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation simply by doing some easy works and having celebrations.	中华民族伟大复兴绝不是轻轻松松、敲锣打鼓就能实现的。
Military struggle is an important aspect in fighting great battles, and the ability to win battles serves as a strategic ability required for safeguarding national security.	军事斗争是进行伟大斗争的重要方面，打赢能力是维护国家安全的战略能力。
The whole military should strength awareness of hardship, awareness of crisis and awareness of war fighting, concentrate on fighting war and make every effort to prepare for war.	全军要强化忧患意识、危机意识、打仗意识，全部心思向打仗聚焦，各项工作向打仗用劲。
Improve the ability in war preparation and war fighting as soon as possible	尽快把备战打仗能力搞上去
Efforts should be made to fight innovative war and make preparation for war, keep up with evolution in war situation and method of war fighting,	要着力创新战争和作战筹划，紧跟战争形态和作战方式演变，紧贴作战任务、作战对手
align with war tasks and opponents and arouse a trend of researching on war-related issues	作战环境，大兴作战问题研究之风
Efforts should be made to improve construction of the commanding system and ability in joint operation, emancipate mind, make innovations in practice and work harder, build a strong and high-efficiency...	要着力加强联合作战指挥体系和能力建设，解放思想，创新实践，加大工作力度，打造坚强高效的
Efforts should be made to deepen actual war-based military training and insist on the principle that military training should be performed completely based on requirements of actual war.	要着力深化实战化军事训练，坚持仗怎么打兵就怎么练，打仗需要什么就苦练什么。
Enthusiasm, initiative and creativity of officers and soldiers should be given full play,	把官兵积极性、主动性
and an upsurge of military training should be aroused in the whole army	创造性充分激发出来，在全军兴起大抓军事训练热潮
Xi Jinping stressed that leading cadres at all levels, especially high-ranking cadres, should play a leading role in war preparation and war fighting.	习近平强调，全军各级领导干部特别是高级干部要做备战打仗带头人。
It is necessary to establish proper outlook on career, outlook on power and outlook on position and strengthen their awareness in war preparation and war fighting.	要树立正确的事业观、权力观、地位观，树牢备战打仗意识。
Zhang Youxia, Member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC and Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission, as well as Wei Fenghe, Li Zuocheng, Miao Hua and Zhang Shengmin, Members of the Central Military Commission, participated in the activity.	中共中央政治局委员、中央军委副主席张又侠，中央军委委员魏凤和、李作成、苗华、张升民参加活动。
According to reports,	本台消息
Twenty-fifth Informal Leaders Meeting	第二十五次领导人非正式会议
Invited by Nguyen Phu Trong, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Trn i Quang, the Chairman of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, and Boungnang, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and Chairman of the Lao People's Democratic Republic,	应越南共产党中央委员会总书记阮富仲、越南社会主义共和国主席陈大光、老挝人民革命党中央委员会总书记、老挝人民民主共和国主席本扬邀请。
General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos from November 12 to 14.	中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平将于十一月十二日至十四日对越南、老挝进行国事访问。
The Foreign Ministry held a briefing for Chinese and foreign media on the 3rd.	外交部三号举行中外媒体吹风会
The relevent officials from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Commerce announced that General Secretary and President Xi Jinping planned to visit Vietnam.	外交部、商务部有关负责人介绍习近平总书记、国家主席即将赴越南岘港。
He will deliver a keynote speech, attend informal leaders meetings and working lunches in two stages, and attend a dialogue between APEC leaders and ASEAN leaders,	并发表主旨演讲，出席两个阶段领导人非正式会议和工作午宴，出席APEC领导人与东盟领导人对话会
attend the dialogue between APEC leaders and representatives of the APEC Business Advisory Council, and will meet leaders of relevant economies.	出席APEC领导人与APEC工商咨询理事会代表对话会，并将会见有关经济体领导人。
The consensus reached in the meeting will be reflected in the declaration of leaders issued after the meeting.	会议共识将反映在会后发表的领导人宣言中。
The third agenda is to jointly draw a new vision for future cooperation.	三是共同勾画未来合作新愿景。
The fourth agenda is to jointly promote the smooth flow of trade and the implementation of the resolutions of the Beijing Conference, as well as push forward the creation of the Asia Pacific Free Trade Area.	四是共同推动贸易畅通、北京会议成果落实、亚太自贸区建设取得新进展。
China will continue to work with all parties to promote the steady development of economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region and promote the development and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region and the world.	中方将继续同各方一道，推动亚太经济合作稳定向前发展，促进亚太和世界的发展繁荣。
The first visit of the top leader of Chinese CP and the country will open a new chapter of peripheral diplomacy with Chinese characteristics in a new era.	中国党和国家最高领导人首次出访， 将开启新时代中国特色周边外交新境界。
During his visits to Vietnam,	访越期间
General Secretary and President Xi Jinping will hold talks with General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong, Chairman Trn i Quang, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and Congress chairwoman Nguy n Th Kim Ngan	习近平总书记、国家主席将同阮富仲总书记、陈大光主席、阮春福总理和阮氏金银国会主席
separately.	分别举行会谈会见
They will have in-depth discussions on relations between the two parties and countries, pragmatic cooperation in various fields, as well as regional and international issues of common interest.	就深化中越两党两国关系和各领域务实合作及共同关心的地区和国际问题等深入交换意见。
The leaders of the two parties and countries will also jointly attend the groundbreaking ceremony for a Chinese aid project related to the livelihood of Lao people.	两党两国领导人还将共同出席中方援建老方的民生项目奠基仪式。
The development of Sino-Vietnam and Sino-Laos relations and the mutually beneficial and win-win cooperation between China and Southeast Asian countries have brought new opportunities and injected new impetus.	中越、中老关系发展，以及中国同东南亚国家的互利共赢合作带来新机遇，注入新动力
According to reports,	本台消息
During the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party and after Comrade Xi Jinping was elected General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, many political parties and governments of foreign countries,	在中国共产党召开第十九次全国代表大会期间和习近平同志当选为中共中央总书记后，许多国家政党、政府
international organizations, non-governmental organizations and their leaders, diplomatic envoys in China, international friends, overseas Chinese, and compatriots from the Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan	国际组织、民间团体及其领导人，驻华使节、友好人士以及旅居国外的华侨华人，香港特别行政区同胞、澳门特别行政区同胞和台湾同胞
sent congratulatory messages to the General Assembly, CPC Central Committee, and newly elected leaders, expressing warm congratulations and best wishes.	向大会、向中共中央、向新当选领导人发来贺电贺函，表示热烈祝贺和良好祝愿
The General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the International Department of CPC Central Committee were entrusted by the CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping	中共中央办公厅、中共中央对外联络部受中共中央和习近平总书记的委托
to express sincere thanks.	谨表示衷心的感谢
Intensifying the basic construction for farmland water conservancy is an urgent requirement and basic guarantee for deepening the structural reform of the agricultural supply side as well as realizing the goal of empowering and enriching peasants.	加强农田水利基本建设，是深化农业供给侧结构性改革、实现强农惠农富农的迫切要求和基础保障。
Since the party’s 18th National Congress, all regions and relevant departments have conscientiously implemented the decisions and policies of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council, have made solid progress in improving water conservancy for farmland and have achieved remarkable results.	党的十八大以来，各地区、各有关部门认真贯彻党中央、国务院决策部署，扎实推进农田水利基本建设并取得显著成效。
This has laid a solid foundation for maintaining good harvest year after year, continuously increasing farmers' income, and sustaining healthy economic and social development in rural areas.	为实现农业连年丰收、农民持续增收、农村经济社会健康发展提供了强有力的基础支撑。
It is imperative to study in depth and implement the spirit of the Nineteen National Congress of the CPC, and take guidance from Xi Jinping's socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era	望深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，以习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想为指导
in a bid to accelerate improvement of the water conservancy infrastructure network and water governance system, and to make efforts to fill the gap in water conservancy, and further increase the comprehensive agricultural production capacity.	加快完善水利基础设施网络和水治理制度体系，着力补上水利建设短板，进一步提高农业综合生产能力。
We must improve the disaster prevention and mitigation capabilities as well as the capability to conserve and better use water resources in order to make new contributions to the development of modern agricultural and to the cause of building a well-off society.	防灾减灾能力和节约利用水资源的能力，为促进现代农业发展、决胜全面建成小康社会作出新贡献。
Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended the meeting and delivered a speech.	中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋出席会议并讲话。
He stressed that the video and telephone conference for the construction of farmland water conservancy infrastructure in the winter and spring was held after the party’s 19th National Congress	他强调，全国冬春农田水利基本建设电视电话会议是党的十九大以后
and made the arrangement.	做出了部署
Premier of the State Council Li Keqiang met with TerraPower Chairman and Microsoft Founder Bill Gates on the morning of the 3rd at Tower of Violet Light, Zhongnanhai	国务院总理李克强三号上午在中南海紫光阁会见美国泰拉能源公司董事长、微软公司创始人
Gather the wisdom and power of the people, leverage international cooperation to drive disruptive advancement in technology, and achieve sharing for the better benefit of humanity.	集众智、聚众力，以国际合作促进技术颠覆性发展，并实现共享，更好造福人类。
Bill Gates said that next-generation nuclear power is of great significance to the development of future energy technology. We cherish cooperation with Chinese enterprises	比尔盖茨表示，新一代核能对人类未来能源技术发展非常重要，我们珍视同中国企业的合作
The 103rd meeting of the Council of Chairmen of the 12th NPC Standing Committee of the PRC was held on the afternoon of the 3rd in Beijing at the Great Hall of the People. Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the meeting.	十二届全国人大常委会第一百零三次委员长会议三号下午在北京人民大会堂举行，张德江委员长主持会议。
The meeting members heard the report of the director of the National People's Congress Law Committee, Qiao Xiaoyang, on the opinion as regards the deliberative draft to the revision of the draft amendment for three laws including the Law Against Unfair Competition.	会议听取了全国人大法律委员会主任委员乔晓阳作的关于反不正当竞争法等三个法律修订草案审议稿修改意见的报告。
The report on the outcome of the deliberation on the draft of Amendment (X) to the Criminal Law, and the report on the outcome of the deliberation on the draft amendment of 11 laws including the Accounting Law.	关于刑法修正案十草案审议结果的报告、关于会计法等十一部法律的修正案草案审议结果的报告。
Report on the status of the draft decision of national laws	全国性法律的决定草案情况的汇报
The meeting members heard the report of the director of the National People's Congress Foreign Affairs Committee, Fu Ying, on the status of deliberation on relevant foreign treaties and decision draft.	会议听取了全国人大外事委员会主任委员傅莹作的关于审议有关涉外条约的情况及决定草案代拟稿的汇报。
Report on the status of the report on the outcome of the deliberation on delegate motions separately proposed by four special committees including the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee	外事委员会、农业与农村委员会等四个专门委员会分别提出的代表议案审议结果报告情况的汇报
Report on the deliberation of the representative capacity of individual representatives and report on the state of the appointment and removal case, among others	关于审议个别代表的代表资格的报告和任免案情况的汇报等
The Council of Chairmen confirmed that, pursuant to the deliberation opinion of the Standing Committee meeting, upon further deliberation on and amendments of the aforesaid motions and drafts	委员长会议确定，根据常委会会议的审议意见，对上述议案和草案作进一步审议修改后
A submission shall be made to the 104th Council of Chairmen to decide whether it shall be handed over for a vote at the closing ceremony of the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee of the PRC.	提交第一百零四次委员长会议决定是否交付十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议闭幕会表决。
Presented a report	做了宣讲报告
In his report, Wang Xiaohui systematically summarized the historic achievements and historical changes that have taken place in the past five years.	王晓晖在报告中系统归纳了过去五年取得的历史性成就和发生的历史性变革。
He expounds on the times, background, core essentials, innovative ideas and major contributions of Xi Jinping’s socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics of the new era, elaborates on socialism with Chinese characteristics,	深刻阐述了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的时代背景、核心要义、创新观点和重大贡献，阐述了中国特色社会主义
and on how the CPC has overcome countless difficulties with extraordinary courage and tenacity.	并以超凡的魄力和顽强的斗争精神，攻坚克难
The report uses vivid data and cases to get the message across in a systematic and easy-to-understand manner, triggering strong resonance among the audience.	报告运用生动鲜活的数据、案例，系统透彻、深入浅出，在现场听众中引起强烈反响。
Many representatives expressed their resolve	大家表示
to study and implement the spirit of the Nineteenth National Congress of CPC as required by the CPC Central Committee, to keep in line with the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core,	要按照中央的要求，深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，在政治上思想上行动上与以习近平同志为核心的党中央
and turn the spirit of the Nineteenth Congress and the goals into a common understanding and firm action.	保持高度一致，把党的十九大精神和各项目标任务切实转化为共同认识和坚定行动。
Today's report gives us deeper understanding of the spirit of the Nineteenth Congress and the spiritual essence of Xi Jinping’s socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics	今天的这个报告让我们对十九大精神，对习近平的新时代中国特色社会主义思想它的精神实质
including the process of its formation.	深刻内涵，包括这个形成的过程，我觉得都有一个更深刻的了解。
The report was hosted by Li Zhiyong, deputy secretary of the working committee of the Central State Organs.	报告会由中央国家机关工委常务副书记李志勇主持
About 3,000 people, including party and government cadres stationed in Beijing, officials from central enterprises, relevant responsible persons in colleges and universities, teachers and students from colleges, theorists and people from all walks of life took part in the report meeting.	在京党政军机关干部、中央企业负责人、高校有关负责人和高校师生、理论工作者和各界群众代表，约三千人参加报告会。
Good presentation helps the whole society to reach a consensus and form a better ideological foundation.	做好宣讲，让全社会形成共识，形成更好的思想基础。
According to reports, Xinhua News Agency broadcast an editorial today calling for the integration of personal ideals into national causes, arousing a wave of enthusiasm among intellectuals and young CPC members in colleges in studying and implementing the spirit of the Nineth Congress of CPC.	本台消息，新华社今天播发把个人理想追求融入国家和民族事业中，广大知识分子和青年学生党员掀起学习贯彻党的十九大精神
In recent days, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, together with the People's Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission, have jointly made arrangement for regulating the home financing, in a bid to intensify the anti-money laundry effort in real estate industry.	近日，住建部会同人民银行、银监会联合部署规范购房融资行为，加强房地产领域反洗钱工作。
All localities are required to intensify efforts to investigate and punish the practice of providing illegal home financing,	要求各地加大力度查处违规提供购房融资的行为。
and intensify the scrutiny of the source of down payment funds and the authenticity of the borrower’s income proof.	加大对首付资金来源和借款人收入证明真实性的审核力度等。
Today, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the first	今天，民政部在京发放全国首张
Unified Social Credit Code certificate for the special legal person, a grassroots autonomous organization in Beijing.	基层群众性自治组织特别法人统一社会信用代码证书。
With this code, village committees and neighborhood committees will be able to open bank accounts,	有了这个代码，村委会和居委会将可以开设银行账户
independently carry out civil activities to perform its functions, and expand public service for urban and rural communities.	独立开展为履行职能所需的民事活动，拓展城乡社区的公益服务功能
It can smash and suck in sea sand and deep sea rocks at a speed of 6,000 cubic meters per hour, and then discharge the particles to a location on the sea up to 15 kilometers away.	能以每小时六千立方米的速度将海沙、深海岩石粉碎吸出并排放到最远十五公里外的海域。
The finals of 2017 China Agricultural Machine Operators Contest took place today. More than 52 million agricultural machine operators participated in the contest. After several rounds of competition,	二零一七中国农机手大赛今天进行决赛，全国的五千二百多万名农机手通过层层选拔
only 10 operators were qualified for the finales.	最后十名选手闯入决赛。
At present, the agricultural mechanization rate of China's main food crops has exceeded 80%, and the agricultural production has entered a new stage featuring a high level of mechanization.	目前，我国主要粮食作物农业机械化率已经超过百分之八十，农业生产进入机械化为主的新阶段。
A string of major drug trafficking cases have been solved, including the smuggling of new psychoactive substances to the United States by Sun's gang, and the	走私可卡因系列案，孙某某团伙涉美走私新精神活性物质案和王某某团伙
production and smuggling of Alpha P. V. P. by Wang's gang.	制贩、走私阿尔法P. V. P. 等重特大毒品案件。
Today, Xie Zhenhua, China's Special Representative of Climate Change Affairs and Deputy Director of the Population Resources and Environment Committee of the National Committee of the CPPCC	今天，中国气候变化事务特别代表、全国政协人口资源环境委员会副主任解振华
donated all the prize money he has received from the Lv Zhihe Award and the Sustaining Development Award of HK$20 million to the Tsinghua University Education Foundation.	将其获得的吕志和奖，持续发展奖两千万港币奖金全部捐赠给清华大学教育基金会。
The money will be used to establish a global climate change and green development fund.	设立全球气候变化和绿色发展基金。
Affected by a stronger cold front, temperatures in many parts of Shandong Province have fallen sharply, and snowfall occurred on Mount Tai in the morning.	受较强冷空气影响，今天，山东多地气温大幅下降，早上泰山出现降雪。
Compared with the temperature drop in the north, the heavy fog in some parts of the South China region has created a lot of troubles, paralyzing traffic in Chongqing this morning.	与北方的降温相比，南方部分地区的大雾麻烦不小，重庆今天早晨的大雾一度严重影响交通。
On the 1st to the 3rd, Song Tao, the Special Envoy of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the head of the International Department of CPC Central Committee, visited Vietnam and Laos. Among his agendas was to brief others on the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party.	一号到三号，习近平总书记特使、中联部部长宋涛访问越南和老挝，通报中共十九大情况。
Song Tao met with Nguyen Phu Trong, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, and Boungnang, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and Chairman of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, conveying to them the message of General Secretary Xi Jinping.	宋涛分别会见了越共中央总书记阮富仲和老挝人革党中央总书记、国家主席本扬，向他们转达了习近平总书记的口信
Under the guidance of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the Chinese Communist Party and the people will promote the building of a new type of international relations,	表示在中共十九大精神指引下，中国共产党和人民将为推动建设新型国际关系
in a bid to make new and greater contribution to the cause of constructing a community of destiny for human being.	构建人类命运共同体作出新的更大贡献
Both the leaders of Vietnam and Laos paid close attention to and evaluated the great significance and achievements of the 19th CPC National Congress.	越方和老方领导人均高度关注和评价中共十九大的重大意义和成就。
The Xinjiang Cultural Exchange Delegation has visited the United States and Canada in recent days. During their stay in the two countries, they held several forums with local academics, media professionals and overseas Chinese,	中国新疆文化交流团近日先后访问美国和加拿大，与当地学界、媒体界人士和华侨华人等举行多场座谈会
conducting in-depth exchanges on topics such as education, employment, and human rights in Xinjiang.	就新疆的教育、就业和人权等话题进行深入交流。
Local people from all walks of life said that through in-depth communication with the delegation	当地各界人士表示，通过与代表团深入沟通
they gained better understanding of China's ethnic and religious policies as well as economic and social developments in Xinjiang.	进一步了解了中国的民族宗教政策，以及新疆的经济社会等各方面发展状况。
This visit has great significance in promoting exchanges between China, the U.S., and Canada in various fields and promoting understanding, trust and friendship among the people.	对于推动中国与美国和加拿大各领域的交流，增进民间了解、互信与友好具有积极意义
Next is some international news.	接下来请您收看一组国际快讯。
The City Council of Vancouver, the largest city in British Columbia, Canada, unanimously agreed to make an apology for the past mistake of discrimination against Chinese immigrants.	加拿大不列颠哥伦比亚省最大城市温哥华市的市议会一号一致同意，就历史上的排华行为作出道歉
The official apology ceremony will be held in April 2018.	正式道歉仪式将于二零一八年四月举行。
Chinese immigrants made great contributions to the economic and social development of Canada during mid-19th century.	华人为加拿大经济社会发展作出巨大贡献，十九世纪中期
In the past, the Canadian government and the British Columbia Provincial Assembly had apologized for the past mistakes of discrimination against Chinese immigrants.	之前，加拿大政府及不列颠哥伦比亚省议会曾先后就歧视华人的历史行为作出道歉。
Launched violent air raids.	展开猛烈空袭。
At the same time, Syrian government forces also mounted a ground attack in Abu Kamel, a border town near Deir ez-Zor,	与此同时，叙政府军也在代尔祖尔市附近的边境重镇阿布卡迈勒
which is the last major base of extremist organizations in Syria.	展开地面进攻，阿布卡迈勒是极端组织在叙利亚的最后一个主要据点
In the early September of this year,	今年九月初
Syrian government forces entered the city of Deir ez-Zor and lifted the 3-year-old siege by the extremist organization.	叙政府军攻入代尔祖尔市，解除了极端组织对该市长达三年的围困。
On the 2nd, Lamela, the Chief Justice of the Spanish National Court, announced the decision to temporarily imprison nine independent high-ranking officials of the Catalonia Autonomous Region for inciting rebellion, treason, and misappropriation of public funds.	西班牙国家法院大法官拉梅拉二号宣布，以煽动叛乱、叛国和挪用公款等罪名将九名加泰罗尼亚自治区的独立派前高官暂时关押。
The District Council of Catalonia Autonomous Region unilaterally declared independence on October 27.	加区议会十月二十七号日单方面宣布独立
The Central Government of Spain subsequently announced the full takeover of local government power in Catalonia.	西班牙中央政府随后宣布全面接管加区地方政府权力。
According to the British National Bureau of Statistics, the British inflation rate was 3% in September this year, which is much higher than the 2% target set by the central bank.	据英国国家统计局公布称，今年九月英国通胀率为百分之三，大大高于央行设定的百分之二的目标。
The market had strongly expected adjustments to UK monetary policy.	市场此前对英国货币政策调整预期强烈。
In August last year, after the Brexit vote, the Central Bank of UK decided to cut interest rates to a record low of 0.25%.	去年八月，英国央行在脱欧公投后决定将利率降至百分之零点二五的历史低位。
As the move will hurt the interests of the middle class and benefit large companies and the rich, the bill will be violently attacked by the Democratic Party at the discussion stage.	会伤及中产阶级利益，而让大企业和富人获益，因此该议案在讨论阶段将受到民主党的猛烈攻击。
Tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast has concluded. Thank you for watching.	今天的新闻联播播送完了，感谢收看。
For more news updates, you may also refer to the CCTV news mobile website. Search CCTV for the address to download the mobile app.	获取更多新闻资讯您还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可搜索央视新闻加。
Good evening, viewers.	各位观众晚上好。
Good evening.	晚上好。
Today is November 4, a Saturday, and the 16th day of the ninth month of the Lunar Calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.	今天是十一月四号星期六，农历九月十六，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。
In tonight's program, we cover	今天节目的主要内容有
Xi Jinping signed Executive Orders #77, #78, #79, #80, #81 and #82.	习近平签署第七十七号、七十八号、七十九号、八十号、八十一号、八十二号国家主席令。
Guidance Books for learning the spirit of the Nineteen Congress of CPC in ethnic minority languages.	党的十九大文件及学习辅导读物少数民族文字版
According to reports, President Xi Jinping signed Executive Orders #77, #78, #79, #80, #81	本台消息，国家主席习近平四号签署了第七十七号、七十八号、七十九号、八十号、八十一号
and #82	和八十二号主席令
Executive Order #77, entitled the "Law of People's Republic of China Against Unfair Competition”, was amended and passed by the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee	第七十七号主席令说，《中华人民共和国反不正当竞争法》已由中华人民共和国第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会
on November 4, 2017. The revised Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China is now promulgated	第三十次会议于二零一七年十一月四日修订通过，现将修订后的《中华人民共和国反不正当竞争法》公布
and will enter into force on January 1, 2018.	自二零一八年一月一日起施行。
was passed on November 4, 2017, and is hereby made public, and will enter into force on January 1, 2018.	于二零一七年十一月四日通过，现予公布，自二零一八年一月一日起施行。
Executive Order #80, entitled the "Amendment (X) to the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China", was passed by the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee	第八十号主席令说，《中华人民共和国刑法修正案（十）》已由中华人民共和国第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十次会议
on November 4, 2017, of the PRC, and is hereby made public, and will enter into force with immediate effect.	于二零一七年十一月四日通过，现予公布，自公布之日起施行。
It will be implemented with effect from November 15, 2017.	自二零一七年十一月五日起施行。
Comrade Xi Jinping delivered a report to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18, 2017, securing a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.	习近平同志二零一七年十月十八日，在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上所做的报告，决胜全面建成小康社会
This report has been translated into seven ethic minority languages including the Mongolian, Tibetan, Uygur, Kazak, Korean, and Zhuang by the China Ethnic Languages Translation Bureau.	蒙古、藏、维吾尔、哈萨克、朝鲜、彝、壮等七种少数民族文字版，已由中国民族语文翻译局翻译
Ethic minority scripts will also be published in the near future.	少数民族文字版也将于近期出版发行
Has reached 37.07 million volume.	已经达到三千七百零七万册。
Meanwhile, a special bookcase has been set up in the most eye-catching position of Beijing Library Building, displaying intensively the 19th CPC National Congress documents and related readings as well as references, including the offprint of the 19th CPC National Congress Report,	在北京图书大厦最显著的位置，设立了十九大文件及学习辅导读物专柜，集中展示党的十九大报告单行本
the offprint of the Constitution of the Communist Party of China, 100 Q&A about the 19th CPC National Congress Report, and Q&A about the Constitution of the Communist Party of China Amended and Adopted at the 19th CPC National Congress.	《中国共产党章程》单行本、 党的《十九大报告学习辅导百问》，《十九大党章修正案学习问答》 等各类十九大文件和学习辅导读物。
In just one week,	我们
the sales of all showcased documents, readings and references have exceeded 150,000 copies.	专柜设立一周的时间，我们现在的所有的文件还有相关辅导销售已经突破十五万册。
Readers’ enthusiasm has been unprecedentedly high. The 19th CPC National Congress was a meeting of great importance in the history of Chinese Communist Party. The report delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the meeting was really impressive and stirring. Inspired by the varied good news and favorable prospects conveyed in the report, many readers also bought the100 Q&A about the 19th CPC National Congress Report for reference, in hopes of comprehending thoroughly the spirit of the meeting,	读者购买的热情非常得高涨党的十九大是我党历史上的一次重要的会议，习近平总书记的报告非常的震撼人心，给中国的老百姓带来好多这个福音，专门买了一本这个十九大的学习辅导百问，认真再学习学习。
and further exploring the magnificent blueprint for the future of our country.	进一步领会习近平总书记， 对于我国未来的宏伟的蓝图的规划
So far, Xinhua Bookstores and book malls across the country all have a special bookcase for the exhibition and showcase of the 19th CPC National Congress documents and related readings as well as references	目前全国各地的新华书店和各大书城都设立了十九大文件及学习辅导读物专柜专架。
convenient for readers to access these materials, for party members and cadres to understand the new era and new ideas in more details, and favorable for creating an admirable atmosphere of learning the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress in the whole society.	方便读者学习购买，引领广大党员干部群众更详细了解新时代新思想，在全社会形成学习十九大精神的良好氛围。
For reports delivered during the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we feel…	十九大报告，我们老百姓那
written into the party constitution amended at the 19th CPC National Congress, a great deed for our party and the whole nation, we are confident that our life will get better and better.	写入了我们的党章，这是我们党我们国家一件大事情，我们相信我们的生活会越来越好。
In addition, in order to help the broad masses of peasants to learn and understand the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress,	此外，为帮助广大农民群众学习领会党的十九大精神
the administration of radio, film and television of each province have also delivered documents and related readings as well as references of the 19th CPC National Congress to the rural library	新闻出版广电部门还把十九大文件和学习辅导读物配送到农家书屋，依托农家书屋平台
I feel that life of farmers has a promising future.	觉得对我们农民的生活确实有了一个很好的前景。
Meanwhile, the People's Publishing House also have uploaded the e-book of related readings	在移动互联网上，人民出版社把相关读物的电子书
to its mobile App, and went live at the same time as the printed book,	上传到党员小书包客户端， 与纸质书同步上线， 方便快捷的手机客户端。
so that primary party organizations and broad masses can study the content and spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress at any time anywhere.	让基层党组织和广大群众随时随地都可以学习党的十九大精神。
Through the mobile App, the broad party members, cadres, and masse around the country can have access to our most authoritative readings, reports and related references up to the minute.	非常的便捷，能够让那个全国的广大党员干部群众在第一时间可以阅读到我们的最权威的读本，我们的报告和我们的辅导材料。
The 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress was concluded at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on the afternoon of November 4. Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the final sitting.	十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议四号下午在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕会，张德江委员长主持闭幕会。
The newly amended Anti-Unfair Competition Law, newly amended Standardization Law, Public Library Law, Amendment X to the Criminal Law, and Decision on Amending Eleven Laws including the Accounting Law	会议经表决，通过了新修订的反不正当竞争法、新修订的标准化法、公共图书馆法
were passed in the session vote.	刑法修正案十、关于修改会计法等十一部法律的决定
Guo Shengkun was removed from the concurrent post as Minister of Public Security.	决定免去郭声琨兼任的公安部部长职务。
A decision was taken on extending the period of authorizing the State Council to temporarily adjust and implement relevant legal provisions in 33 pilot counties, cities, and districts including Daxing District of Beijing,	关于延长授权国务院在北京市大兴区等三十三个试点县、市、区行政区域暂时调整实施有关法律规定期限的决定。
approving the Treaties between China and Armenia on Judicial Assistance in Criminal Cases,	会议表决通过了关于批准《中国和亚美尼亚关于刑事司法协助的条约》的决定、关于批准中国和埃塞俄比亚关于民事
approving the Treaties between China and Ethiopia on Civil and Commercial Judicial Assistance, and	和商事司法协助的条约的决定
a report on the deliberative results of bills submitted for deliberation by the Presidium of the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress passed in a vote.	关于第十二届全国人大五次会议主席团交付审议的代表提出的议案审议结果的报告
The report of the Credentials Committee of the NPC Standing Committee on the qualification of individual representative was passed in a vote.	会议表决通过了全国人大常委会代表资格审查委员会关于个别代表的代表资格的报告。
Besides, other cases of appointment and removal were also passed in a vote.	会议还表决了其他任免案。
After all voting-related matters were completed, Chairman Zhang Dejiang made a summary speech on the work accomplished in this standing committee session.	在完成各项表决事项后，张德江作了讲话，总结了本次常委会会议所完成的各项工作。
Afterwards, Zhang Dejiang made his request for an in-depth study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress. He stressed that the Standing Committee of NPC should make efforts to learn, comprehend, and implement the requirements of the 19th CPC National Congress,	随后，张德江就全国人大常委会深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神提出要求，他强调，要在学懂弄通做实上下功夫。
and strive to create a new dimension in the work of NPC. To achieve this, it should, on one hand, understand that the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee was the supreme principle of the party's leadership	努力开创人大工作新局面，一要深刻领会党中央集中统一领导是党的领导的最高原则
and unswervingly adhere to the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core. On the other hand, it should comprehend thoroughly The Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era proposed by Xi Jinping.	坚定坚持以习近平同志为核心的党中央集中统一领导，二要深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想
Zhao Kezhi was appointed as the Minister of Public Security in the recently concluded 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress.	刚刚闭幕的十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议决定任命赵克志为公安部部长。
Responsible comrades of the National people's Congress and the Ministry of Public Security took part in the swearing-in.	全国人大机关、公安部有关负责同志参加了宣誓活动。
To interpret the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the people in Jiangxi Gao'an developed an intuitive understanding of the spirit and essence of the 19th CPC National Congress through a knowledge contest.	解读十九大精神，江西高安通过十九大精神知识竞答，让群众直观地领会精神实质。
In Fujian Province, a light cavalry team of propaganda was organized and established, going down to countryside fields and seaside fishing villages to propagate the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress in both local dialect and mandarin,	福建省组建起十九大精神宣讲轻骑兵，深入到田间地头、海边渔村，用本地话、普通话宣讲十九大精神。
to answer questions and resolve doubts for local villagers on the spot, and brainstorm on how to help the grass-roots get rid of poverty. In the 19th CPC National Congress report, General Secretary proposed Six Precisions and emphasized ensuring the basic life needs of a group of poor people through social security.	现场为群众解疑释惑，我们究竟是不是有有什么办法，能够做到真正能让他真正地脱贫，党的十九大报告里面总书记也提出了六个精准，无法脱贫的我们政府啊可以低保等兜底。
In the villages of Hebei Province, campstool propaganda teams composed of more than 36,000 party members and cadres were formed,	在河北乡村，小马扎宣讲小分队
paying group visits to and bringing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress into villages, communities, enterprises and schools.	三万六千多名党员干部，通过大走访的形式，把十九大精神带进了乡村、社区、 企业、学校。
In Yulin of Guangxi Province, over ten thousand of party cadres participated in the activity of walking into the house of grass-roots.	广西玉林启动万名干部进万家活动
Local Women's Federation invited teachers from party schools to explain to local villagers the contents they were particularly concerned about in the 19th CPC National Congress report in a plain manner.	当地妇联请来党校教师， 把十九大报告中村民们特别关注的内容，通俗地讲给他们听。
As for the main tasks and responsibilities of enterprises	企业的主要任务和责任担当；
in the Northwest Institute for Non-ferrous Metals Research, experts were focused on how to build a modern economic system on the basis of the current situation.	在西北有色金属研究院，专家结合实际，重点阐述的是如何建设现代化经济体系；
At the construction site of the eco-friendly power station in Chengdu, Sichuan, experts from the Chengdu University of Technology College of Environment and Civil Engineering are explaining to the workers	在四川成都的环保发电厂施工现场，成都理工大学环境学院的专家，给工人们宣讲的内容
a section in the report about about advancing green development and building a beautiful China.	是报告中推进绿色发展，建设美丽中国的内容。
White clouds dot a blue sky now. There are more days with white clouds than that of a few years ago. So, in the 19th CPC National Congress, we have also proposed to win	现在反正蓝天白云，白云的日子，比前几年多了。那么在十九大报告中，我们也提出呢就是要
the war to protect our blue skies. Chengdu has completed the construction of three eco-friendly power generation projects, with daily waste treatment capacity of 6000 tonnes.	打赢这个呃蓝天保卫战，成都已建成的三座环保发电项目日处理垃圾达六千吨
The power generated would meet the demand of nearly 750,000 households, and save 250,000 tonnes of coal.	发电量可满足近七十五万户家庭用电需要，每年节约二十五万吨煤。
The report delivered by General Secretary Xi in the 19th CPC National Congress has truly struck a chord in the hearts of our people.	习总书记十九大上所做的报告，都说到老百姓的心坎里面去了
I have listened carefully to the report and noticed that our people have been mentioned 203 times, and cultural development 72 times by General Secretary Xi.	习总书记讲话，我仔细地看，想人民这两个字，是二百零三次，讲到了文化发
Meanwhile, the report has mapped out a comprehensive plan to advance Chinese Dream and the overall development of socialist cultural quality.	展是七十二次，对推行中国梦，推行社会主义文化素质整体的发展做了一个全面的部署和推进。
After coming back from his performance in Shandong, Meng Guanglu, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and head of Tianjin Youth Peking Opera Troupe	刚刚从山东演出回来，十九大代表、天津市青年京剧团团长孟广禄
organized his entire troupe to learn the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.	组织全团宣讲十九大精神
We should take root among the masses and serve the people, we should come up with fine works and align with the central government from thought to soul. Eulogizing our socialist	扎根于人民，为人民服务，我们更应该出来好的作品，更要从思想到灵魂跟中央保持一致，讴歌我们社会主义
cultural confidence is of great significance not only to the cultural confidence of our cultural workers but also to the entire Chinese people.	文化自信对，不光是对于我们文化人来说，对整个中国人民的这种文化自信，是多么的重要。
The report of the 19th CPC National Congress points out,	党的十九大报告指出
we must promote the creative evolution and development of fine traditional Chinese culture, see our revolutionary culture remains alive and strong, and develop an advanced socialist culture. We should cherish our cultural roots, draw on other cultures, and be forward-thinking.	推动优秀传统文化创造性转化、创新性发展， 继承革命文化，发展社会主义先进文化，不忘本来、吸收外来、面向未来
We should do more to foster a Chinese spirit, Chinese values, and Chinese strength in order to provide a source of cultural and moral guidance for our people.	更好构筑中国精神、中国价值、中国力量，为人民提供精神指引。
The day after the Congress was concluded, Zhang Jian, a delegate of the 19th CPC National Congress and prima ballerina of the National Ballet of China,	十九大代表、中央芭蕾舞团的首席演员张剑，开完大会的第二天
left on a tour to perform at the grassroots level.	就踏上了去基层演出的路程。
She will perform in the folk ballet, “Red Detachment of Women”, which premiered more than 50 years ago, and has been staged more than 4,000 times.	这次演出的剧目是民族芭蕾舞剧《红色娘子军》，问世五十多年来，《红色娘子军》已演出四千多场，深受观众喜爱。
We have been making efforts.	我们也是努力
So in the following five years, we should continue to create works that belong to our nation and which reflect the humanistic spirit of the socialism for a new era.	那在未来的五年当中应该还有不断以创作， 我们民族的作品，特别社会主义这样的一个新时代的人文精神
Therefore, we should display the era adequately in our works.	那我们应该把这样的这个时代， 应该把它充分地表现出来，因为要体现在我们的作品当中。
According to the latest news, the People’s Daily for tomorrow will publish a commentary, saying we should make a greater contribution to mankind as well as learn and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress from eight perspectives.	本台消息明天出版的人民日报将发表评论员文章， 努力为人类做出新的更大贡献，八论学习贯彻党的十九大精神。
The article points out, the 19th CPC National Congress takes the following as its mission, using new thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era, and addressing problems for mankind.	文章指出，党的十九大不仅以新思想引领中国特色社会主义新时代，也为解决人类问题
In this way, the dreams of Chinese people and those of the people all over the world will reinforce each other and continue to usher a new situation for great power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.	作为自己的使命，让中国人民的梦想同各国人民的梦想交相辉映，不断开创中国特色大国外交的新局面
Has reached 400,000-500,000	已达四十五万
CCTV has broadcast the targeted poverty alleviation advertisement for Ludian pepper, which strongly promotes the sales.	中央电视台播出了鲁甸花椒的精准扶贫广告， 有力推动了花椒销售。
Currently, green peppers with an area of 5000 hectares in the town of Longtou Mountain has become the pillar industry for the local poverty alleviation program.	目前， 龙头山镇七点五万亩青花椒已经成为当地脱贫攻坚的主要产业。
Guizhou kiwi fruit is a targeted poverty alleviation program for CCTV national brand advertisement, and belongs to the first batch of the advertisements. Due to this advertisement, the kiwi fruit, which once had no market in Xiuwen county,	贵州猕猴桃是央视国家品牌计划广告精准扶贫项目，播出的首批扶贫广告之一，在贵州省修文县
has become a shopping-rush fruit, and has even been exported abroad.	以前总是卖不出去的猕猴桃今年成了抢手货， 而且还出口到了国外。
cctv.com news: On the 11th, reporters learned from the China National Environmental Monitoring Centre that to date, China has already set up more than 5,000 national, provincial, municipal and county level monitoring stations and points; the ambient air quality monitoring network is completed.	央视网消息：记者11日从中国环境监测总站了解到，目前我国已经设置国家、省、市、县四个层级的5000余个监测站点，环境空气质量监测网已经建成。
On Thursday afternoon local time, a sheriff in a county in Arizona issued a “challenge” to Obama claiming that after having conducted an investigation for more than five years, Obama’s birth certificate was confirmed to have been a forgery.	当地时间周四下午，亚利桑那州一个县的警长向奥巴马发起“挑战”，称在通过5年多的调查后证明，奥巴马的出生证明已经确定是伪造的。
To be sure, business registration of personal websites is still at the legislative drafting phase. Hence, disputes will unlikely be completely eliminated.	当然，目前个人网店工商登记还处于立法草案阶段，争议也不可能完全消除。
In an interview yesterday, Shenhua head coach Gustav Poyet expressed: “The preparation in Okinawa is very important. I hope everyone in the team can show up.”	昨天，申花队主教练波耶特在接受采访时表示：冲绳备战非常重要，希望队里所有人都能参加。
Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet.	特朗普的新任幕僚长计划限制总统的媒体时间
Others have tried and failed.	其他人也曾尝试过，但均以失败告终。
Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.	约翰·F·凯利也许真的能够做到。
If so, he will be the first.	如果真的如此，那他就是第一人。
Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the boss on a more even keel.	据美国政治新闻网站 Politico 报道，新任白宫幕僚长计划限制流向特朗普总统的信息——包括新闻媒体报告——以期保证大老板更加平稳。
Here's a bit from reporter Josh Dawsey:	以下是摘自记者乔什·道西的一段话：
"When new White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly huddled with senior staff on his first day at work, he outlined a key problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to fix: bad information getting into the president's hands.	“当新任白宫幕僚长约翰·F·凯利开始第一天工作与高级官员聚集讨论时，他指出他要解决特朗普总统入主白宫的一个主要问题：流向总统手中的不良信息”。
Kelly told the staff that information needed to flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if given good information."	凯利告诉这些官员，收到优良信息有助于总统作出更好的决定，因此信息才需要经他之手——无论以书面形式还是简报形式。
Kelly's diagnosis makes perfect sense, but others have tried and failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.	凯利的诊断似模似样，但其他人也曾试图通过监视特朗普的媒体时间将其驯服，但最终都以失败告终。
President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his TV-watching habit is still going strong.	特朗普总统的电视瘾由来已久——现在在白宫，他看电视的习惯仍然在加深。
"If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable," Sam Nunberg, a former campaign adviser, told Politico in February.	二月份时，前竞选顾问山姆·那伯格告诉 Politico 称：“如果候选人特朗普对不公平报道感到沮丧，那么让他知道他在可信渠道也得到了正面报道将大有裨益。
Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise."	Politico 的塔拉·帕尔梅里当时写到，“根据六位前竞选官员的经验，控制特朗普发推特的习惯的重点在于保证他个人接收的媒体信息中一直包含一定的赞扬。”
Okay.	这完全没问题。
But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit has ever been "under control" is laughable.	但是特朗普的推特习惯曾经“受控”这个观点实在可笑。
Maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory if not for their interventions.	可能这些竞选官员知道某些我们不知道的事——那就是如果不是有他们的干预，特朗普的推特甚至会更加火气冲天。
We'll probably never know about tweets that Trump didn't send.	我们可能从来不知道特朗普没有发送的那些推特。
If his staffers managed to him out of trouble even a few times, then their efforts were worthwhile.	如果他的职员能够救他于水火之中，哪怕只有几次，他们的努力也是值得的。
But no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from stirring up controversy.	但是没人能够一直阻止特朗普引起争议。
Part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing factions, people invariably try to advance their agendas by presenting Trump with material - which may or may not be reliable - that promotes their worldviews.	一部分问题在于在一个由相互竞争的集团组成的白宫中，人们通过向特朗普递交可能可靠也可能不可靠的资料来宣扬他们的世界观，花式推动他们的事业。
Politico - all over this story - reported in May on advisers' penchants for strategically feeding dubious information to the president.	Politico——都是关于这个故事——五月份报道了各顾问对向总统战略性提供可疑信息的嗜好。
This was one example, described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:	这是记者谢恩·古德曼彻描述的一个例子：
"Current and former Trump officials say Trump can react volcanically to negative press clips, especially those with damaging leaks, becoming engrossed in finding out where they originated.	“现任与前任特朗普官员称，特朗普对负面新闻片段的反应如火山喷发，尤其是那些有破坏性的信息泄露，他会疯狂地想要找出其来源。
That is what happened in late February when someone mischievously gave the president a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocateur Charles C. Johnson, which accused deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh of being 'the source behind a bunch of leaks' in the White House.	二月底，有人恶意将网络煽动分子查尔斯 ·C·约翰逊的网站 GotNews.com 上的一篇文章复印给了总统，该文控诉副幕僚长凯蒂·沃尔什为白宫“大量信息泄露的来源”，当时特朗普就是这样的表现。
No matter that Johnson had been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he offered no concrete evidence or that he had lobbed false accusations in the past and recanted them.	即使约翰逊已因骚扰遭推特永久封禁，也没有提供任何具体证据，而且他曾炸出大量错误质控，后来又都公然否认。
Trump read the article and began asking staff about Walsh."	特朗普看了文章然后开始向官员询问沃尔什的情况。”
Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House staff secretary Rob Porter "have tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives."	古德曼彻还说，当时的幕僚长雷因斯·普里巴斯和白宫秘书罗伯·波特“曾试图建立一个系统来管理并记录特朗普收到的文件”。
How'd that work out?	结果呢？
Kelly is trying to do the same thing, three months later.	凯利打算做同样的事，在三个月后。
Perhaps he will prove a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his aides are still vying for influence.	可能他能证明自己是比普里巴斯更有效率的管理者，但是特朗普还是那个冲动的特朗普，而他的助手仍在相互竞争，争夺影响力。
Those immutable factors will make Kelly's mission very difficult.	这些永恒的影响因素会让凯利的任务难上加难。
Tourism charm town: How does charm mesmerize tourists	旅游风情小镇：风情如何醉游人
[Abstract] The potential of small towns in Zhejiang is gradually unleashed.	[摘要]浙江小镇的潜力被逐步唤醒。
Today, these little towns have become key destinations for visitors to Zhejiang who come to admire the natural scenery, savor Zhejiang culture, and feel nostalgic about Zhejiang. They will also become key drivers to help the Province create “Picturesque Zhejiang”, China’s most beautiful tourist destination.	如今这些小镇，成为赴浙游客欣赏浙山水、品读浙文化、感受浙乡愁的重要目的地，也将为我省着力打造“诗画浙江”中国最美旅游目的地提供重要助力。
Reputed for Local Custom	胜在风情
"Village theatrical performance is staged as the moon rises, while the pleasant smell of delicious sausage spreads with breeze."	“社戏锣鼓伴月升，腊肠香味随风飘。
Walking through the Anchang Ancient Town in Shaoxing, you can see hoop buckets, bamboo knitting, ironmaking, shoes stitching, lace making, cotton spinning and other traditional handicraft techniques almost everywhere, which fully represent the intangible cultural heritage of the Anchang Ancient Town. Tourists all over the world are enchanted to experience the folk customs and feel the atmosphere of Shaoxing's historical and cultural experience.	”漫步绍兴安昌古镇，随处可见箍桶、竹编、打铁、纳鞋、挑花边、纺棉花等传统手工技艺，充分展现了安昌古镇的非物质文化遗产，四方游客陶醉在观赏体验绍兴民俗风情、领略绍兴历史文化积淀的氛围中。
It is reported that during the three-day New Year's holiday, more than 65,000 tourists visit Anchang Ancient Town.	据悉，今年元旦三天假期期间，安昌古镇游客超过6.5万人次。
In Zhejiang, a town with a unique style such as Anchang Ancient Town is scattered all over like stars. The glittering waves of Jiaxing Xitang is flowing with the warmth and gratefulness of the lower reaches of the Yangze River in the south; the white walls of Quzhou's Nianbadu Ancient Town convey to us the changes over time in the town; and the murals of fishermen in Shitang, Taizhou draw a picture of their life, both traditional and modern. These towns are the "palm treasure" of Zhejiang tourism and also the favorites of tourists from all regions.	在浙江，像安昌古镇这样风情独特的小镇星罗棋布：嘉兴西塘的潋滟波光，流淌着江南水乡的温情婉约；衢州廿八都的白墙黛瓦，诉说着千年古镇的岁月沧桑；台州石塘镇的渔民画，勾勒出既传统又富有现代气息的渔家生活……这些的小镇是浙江旅游的“掌上宝”，亦是八方游客的“心头爱”。
In recent years, with the promotion of tourism construction throughout the whole region, the potential of Zhejiang’s small towns have been gradually awakened.	近年来，随着我省全域旅游建设的推进，浙江小镇的潜力被逐步唤醒。
In 2016, the provincial government office issued the "The implementation of the creation of a tourist town in Zhejiang Province”, which proposed that the province would accept and name about 100 tourist towns with strong folk customs, beautiful ecological environment and rich tourism industries after 5 years or so.	在2016年，省政府办公厅正式发布了《浙江省旅游风情小镇创建工作实施办法》，提出通过5年左右的时间，在全省验收命名100个左右民俗民风淳厚、生态环境优美、旅游业态丰富的省级旅游风情小镇。
Today, these little towns have become key destinations for visitors to Zhejiang who come to admire the natural scenery, savor Zhejiang culture, and feel nostalgic about Zhejiang. They will also become key drivers to help the Province create “Picturesque Zhejiang”, China’s most beautiful tourist destination.	如今这些小镇，成为赴浙游客欣赏浙山水、品读浙文化、感受浙乡愁的重要目的地，也将为我省着力打造“诗画浙江”中国最美旅游目的地提供重要助力。
The responsible people of the Provincial Tourism Bureau established that with the rise of these tourism style towns, we must now pay more attention to the construction of the personalized tourism industry and new tourism projects and formats emerging one after another. These have brought rich experiences to tourists and earned glowing reputations.	省旅游局相关负责人介绍，在旅游风情小镇的创建热潮下，现在我省各地乡镇更加重视个性化旅游产业的打造，新的旅游项目与业态层出不穷，为游客带来了丰富体验，赢得了良好口碑。
Emphasis on promotion	重在推广
Recently, directed by the Zhejiang Provincial Tourism Bureau and Zhejiang Daily Press Group, the Tourism Full Media Center of the Zhejiang Daily Press Group hosted the “Towns × Future artists" sharing session and the 2017 promotion season of Zhejiang style tourism towns, "Poetic Zhejiang, Towns with folk customs”. The closing ceremony took place in the Zhejiang exhibition hall.	近日，由浙江省旅游局、浙江日报报业集团主办，浙报集团旅游全媒体中心承办的“小镇×未来艺术家”分享汇暨“诗画浙江?镇有风情”2017浙江旅游风情小镇推广季闭幕式在浙江省展览馆举行。
“A style town has artistic beauty and living warmth.	“风情小镇有艺术之美、有生活温度。
The style of the towns lies in the original sense, flavor and township, which represents the original purity.	小镇的风情在于原汁、原味、原乡，一种原生态的纯粹。
Xie Hanfeng, a teacher at the School of Film and Television Animation Arts of China’s Academy of Art, the domestic A-list film and television advertising director, and Professor Xu Xianghong, the dean of the School of Art and Communication at China Jiliang University, talked about the cross-border stories of towns through Towns in the lens and Reconstruction of small village.	”中国美术学院影视动画艺术学院影视系老师、国内一线影视广告导演谢瀚锋，以及中国计量大学艺术与传播学院院长徐向纮教授等专家，讲述了《镜头中的小镇》《小村改建》等小镇跨界故事。
Many scenic tourist towns in Zhejiang have deep cultural resources. Dong Xinjian, a town deputy from Nanxun, Huzhou, appeared in the site in person and interpreted Nanxun as a traditional Chinese painting.	浙江的众多风情旅游小镇都有深厚的文化资源，来自湖州市南浔的小镇代表董新建在现场为大家解读了国画南浔。
The style of towns in the south of the lower reaches of the Yangze River have been popular with painters since ancient times. Nowadays, the Nanxun Ancient Town is developing in-depth cooperation with art academies such as the China Academy of Art.	江南水乡风情自古颇受书画家的喜爱，如今，南浔古镇与中国美院等艺术院校开展深度合作。
Tourism style towns must be equipped with elements of style, tourism, service and the environment.	旅游风情小镇必备风情要素、旅游要素、服务要素和环境要素。
Among these, tourism service facilities and the environment are very important.	在这当中，旅游的服务设施和环境也是十分重要的内容。
If the tourists are handed in an umbrella on a rainy day, they can better experience the town’s style.	下雨天如果递上一把及时伞，也能让游客更好地体验小镇的风情。
In the era of sharing, the Tourism Full Media Center of the Zhejiang Daily Press Group teamed up with the hottest shared umbrella company to customize a number of shared umbrellas in “Poetic Zhejiang” style, hoping to promote the concept of “Sharing and Green”, spread the awareness of civilized tourism and public morality among tourists and residents, and create a shared, beautiful tourist environment.	在这个共享的时代，浙报集团旅游全媒体中心联手时下最热的共享雨伞公司定制了一批“诗画浙江”版的共享伞，希望倡导“共享?绿色”的理念，提升游客和小镇居民的文明旅游意识和公德心，共创共享美好的旅游环境。
This has become a bright spot in the 2017 promotional season of Zhejiang’s tourism towns, "Poetic Zhejiang, Towns with folk customs”.	这成为“诗画浙江?镇有风情”2017浙江旅游风情小镇推广季活动中的一个亮点。
Expecting wonders	期待精彩
Up to now, Zhejiang Province has released the list of the first 21 provincial-level tourism towns that will ultimately culminate in a grand total of 115 provincial tourism towns.	截至目前，浙江省已经发布了首批21家省级旅游风情小镇创建名单和115家省级旅游风情小镇培育创建名单。
As the prior area for the development of rural tourism during the “13th Five-Year Plan” period, the style towns will eventually be built into tourist attractions with a grade of 3A or higher, becoming a new model for tourism product diversity, tourism benefits and industrial integration.	作为乡村旅游“十三五”时期优先发展的重点区域，风情小镇将最终建成3A级以上旅游景区，成为旅游产品多样、旅游效益突出、产业融合共赢的新样板。
What makes tourism style towns attractive is their authenticity and originality.	旅游风情小镇之所以吸引人，关键在于它的原汁原味。
The beauty of the tourism style towns not only stems from the misty bridges and rivers, but also from a long history of cultural tradition; the revitalization of the country is due to cultural self-confidence.	旅游风情小镇之美，不仅源于烟雨迷蒙的小桥流水，也来自悠久文化传统；乡村振兴，源于文化自信。
Throughout the world, the tulips of the Netherlands’ Lisse Town, the salt of Austria’s Hallstatt Town, and the pumpkins of Pumpkin Town in France, have been attracting a large number of tourists from all over the world each year. This has allowed the realization that tourism could help the economic growth of smalls towns as well.	纵观国际，荷兰利瑟小镇、奥地利哈尔施塔特小镇、法国南瓜小镇，分别以郁金香、“盐”和南瓜为核心吸引物，每年吸引大量世界各地游客，实现旅游推助小镇经济腾飞。
For the style towns, the point “Emphasis on characteristics and retention of nostalgia” has given the towns a distinct personality and soul, further providing cultural permeation, carrying local cultural traditions, and highlighting native civilizations.	对于风情小镇而言，“突显特色、留住乡愁”的重点使小镇具有明显的个性和灵魂，更在于提供文化浸润、承载地方文脉、彰显乡土文明。
Tourism style towns, with culture and nostalgia as the link and humanities and scenery as the carrier, connect tourists all over the world while inherit and innovate the traditional customs and cultures in the co-construction and sharing process.	旅游风情小镇，以文化和乡愁为纽带，以人文和风景为载体，联接着四方游客，让传统的风情和文化在共建共享中传承、创新。
Essentially speaking, the tourism style town is a complex open-style tourism area, and it should be a shared living space for local residents, exotic tourists and even sojourners.	从本质上讲，旅游风情小镇是一个复合型开放式的旅游景区，更应是当地居民和外来游客乃至旅居者共建共享的生活空间。
As the main battlefield for tourism growth in the future, tourism style towns will change the rural ecological landscape, economic and social development patterns, and the flow direction of industrial factors. Additionally, they will play an important role in eliminating the urban-rural infrastructure gap, hastening rural cultural recovery.	作为今后旅游业增长的主战场，旅游风情小镇不仅可能改变乡村生态面貌、经济社会发展方式、产业要素流动方向，更是消弭城乡基建鸿沟、唤醒乡村文化复苏的重要力量。
In the wake of accelerating revitalization of the countryside, Zhejiang tourist towns will receive a more abundant and wonderful story.	在乡村加速振兴的大潮中，浙江旅游风情小镇将演绎更丰富的精彩故事。
Figures indicate that 70% of China’s travel demand is concentrated within a 3km radius. On this basis, the short-distance travel market will become a bike sharing paradise sooner or later.	有数据显示，中国70%的出行需求集中在3公里范围内，以此而论，整个短途出行市场早晚是共享单车的天下。
A report in “The Nikkei” claimed that inflationary pressure will increase because of the expansionary fiscal policies of the next Trump administration. The pace of interest rate hikes will also accelerate in 2017.	《日本财经新闻》报道，称由于特朗普下一届政权的财政扩张政策，通货膨胀压力将加强，2017年的加息速度也将加快。
The annual International Consumer Electronics Show (CES), held between January 9 (January 10, Beijing time) and 12, opened in Las Vegas, USA.	一年一度的国际消费电子展（CES）于1月9日（北京时间1月10日）至12日在美国拉斯维加斯开幕。
According to the list of exhibitors published by the official CES website, the 51st CES attracted 4,577 corporate participants from around the world.	根据CES官方网站1月9日公布的参展商名单，第51届CES共有4577家各国企业参展。
Compared to the massive 13,000 TV dramas broadcast by satellite TV each year, these “terminated dramas” are but a drop in the ocean.	相对于每年卫视播出1.3万集电视剧的巨大产量，这些“腰斩剧”不过是沧海一粟。
Travellers negotiate trench, return to 'Millionaire's row'	房车客对沟渠进行谈判，重返“富豪街”
Some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at loggerheads with determined travellers who have negotiated a council-dug trench to reclaim a field outside their mansions.	一些西米德兰兹地区最富有的业主与意志坚定的房车客再次发生争执，这些房车客就一条政府开掘的沟渠进行协商，要求归还豪宅之外的土地。
The travellers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull dubbed 'millionaire's row'.	房车客将他们的 20 辆拖车停在繁华的索利赫尔街之外的一片空地上，这条街被冠名为“富豪街”。
Bringing horses, babies and an army of vans, they have returned after being kicked out only in May, undeterred by a moat dug by the council to prevent their incursions.	房车客们牵着着马匹，怀抱婴儿和率领房车车队，在五月份被赶走后再次回归，市政部门挖出的“护城河”并没有阻止到他们的进入。
The tactful group found a gap in the defences, squeezing their vehicles though a section left unbarricaded to accommodate a pathway.	这支圆滑老练的队伍发现这道防御线有个缺口，尽管有一段路没有设置路障适合通过，但他们的车辆通过该缺口挤入。
Furious residents have savaged Solihull Council saying it was 'useless at dealing with the problem'.	愤怒的居民对索利赫尔委员会 (Solihull Council) 进行了猛烈的批评，称其“在处理这个问题时表现很差劲”。
One anonymous resident said: 'They moved there on Monday night after being moved on from Bentley Heath where they were throwing rocks at passers by.	一位不愿具名的居民说：“他们是在周一晚上到那里的，之前来到宾利希思街，向过往的路人扔石块。
The council needs to be shamed into action as they are useless at dealing with the problem.	该委员会应该对他们的作为感到羞耻，因为他们在处理问题上简直是一无是处。
The travellers were there in May, were moved on and now they are back again.	房车客们在五月份来到这里，随后被赶走了，现在他们又回来了。
More arrived last night, probably even more today.'	昨晚来了不少，今天可能会更多。”
She added: 'Birmingham council knows how to deal with this by getting long injunctions to protect their parks.	她补充道：“伯明翰市议会知道如何通过实施长期禁令保护其公园的方式进行处理。
I live on Streetsbrook road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax when the council can't even stop this.'	我住在斯珠茨布鲁克 (Streetsbrook) 路，如果议会不能阻止这样的事情，我可不愿意继续支付市政税。
One local resident who did not wish to be named said: 'It is ridiculous, we have only just seen the last round of these travellers leaving, only to be blighted by another round.	一位不愿透露姓名的当地居民说：“这太荒谬了，我们刚刚看到上一批房车客走了，只是便于另一批来毁坏。
The numbers have increased this time and a horse has even been seen grazing on the parkland.'	这次的数量又增加了，有人甚至看到公园草坪上有马在吃草。”
A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: 'We are aware of an unauthorised encampment on land off Streetsbrook Road and working alongside Solihull Police, we are undertaking the necessary legal actions to move them on as quickly as possible.	一位索利赫尔委员会的女发言人表示：“我们知道有人在斯珠茨布鲁克路的一片空地上进行未经许可的露营，现在我们配合索利赫尔警察工作，并采取必要的法律行动，让他们尽快搬离。
To support our evidence gathering it is very important that as many local residents as possible report any anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.	为了支持我们收集证据，请尽可能多的当地居民通过致电 101 向警方报告任何反社会或犯罪行为，这一点非常重要。
This helps build a picture of the situation for the court to consider when we present our case to them.'	这有助于我们向法院提交案件时勾勒出情况概貌，供法院审视。”
The Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress held its closing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 15.	3月15日，第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕会。
This is an interview with Ma Junsheng, Director-General of the State Post Bureau.	这是国家邮政局局长马军胜接受采访。
Xinhua News Agency/Chen Yehua/CRI Online: The Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress held its closing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People at 9am on March 15.	新华社记者陈晔华摄国际在线报道：3月15日上午9时，第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议在人民大会堂举行闭幕会。
Prior to the closing ceremony, Ma Junsheng, Director-General of the State Post Bureau, expressed during an interview at the “ministers’ passage” that the State will strengthen supervision over prominent issues that currently exist in the express delivery industry such as late delivery and loss of or damaged parcels, and guide and enhance self-discipline in the industry.	闭幕前，国家邮政局局长马军胜在“部长通道”接受采访时表示，今年，针对目前快递行业中存在的快递延误、快件丢失损毁等突出问题，国家将加强监管，并引导强化行业自律。
Ma Junsheng said that efforts to resolve four major prominent issues in the express delivery industry will be enhanced this year. The development of the express delivery industry in China has entered the express lane.	今年将加大力度解决四大快递行业突出问题马军胜说，中国快递业发展现已进入快车道。
In 2012, express delivery volume in China stood at 5.6 billion items, and at least 10,000 express delivery three-wheelers were deployed. A single standard, a unique logo and a unified insurance were implemented, which facilitated delivery and ensured safety.	2012年中国快递量是56亿件，万辆快递三轮车上路，实行统一标准、统一标识、统一保险，既方便了投递，也保证了安全。
This was not the first time that the United Nations had appointed a virtual character as an honorary ambassador. “Angry Birds”, “Doraemon” and “Winne the Pooh” have previously served as honorary ambassadors for the United Nations.	这并不是联合国第一次尝试选用虚拟角色担任荣誉大使。“愤怒的小鸟”、“小叮当”、“小熊维尼”此前都曾被当过联合国的荣誉大使。
The price of light crude oil futures for August 2016 ended the day up US$2.04 or 4.56% at US$46.80 pbl on the New York Mercantile Exchange.	截至当日收盘，纽约商品交易所2016年8月交货的轻质原油期货价格上涨2.04美元，收于每桶46.80美元，涨幅为4.56%。
Meanwhile, the price of London Brent crude futures for September 2016 ended the day up US$2.22 or 4.80% at US$48.47 pbl.	2016年9月交货的伦敦布伦特原油期货价格上涨2.22美元，收于每桶48.47美元，涨幅为4.80%。
The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the US$ against six major currencies, ended the day down 0.10%, falling to 96.479 at the closing session.	衡量美元对六种主要货币的美元指数当天下跌0.10%，在汇市尾市跌至96.479。
The weaker US$ made investing in crude oil, which is priced in US$, more attractive, underpinning oil prices for the day.	美元走弱增加了以美元计价的石油的投资吸引力，在当天支撑了油价。
The “Plan” proposed that by 2020, the value added of strategic emerging industries will account for 15% of GDP. These will become a new pillar of five sectors with a RMB10 trillion output value, namely, new generation information technology, high-end manufacturing, biotech, green and low-carbon, and digital creative, and will create a large number of new growth areas for cross-border integration across more sectors, with an average of more than 1 million new jobs added per year.	《规划》提出，到2020年，战略性新兴产业增加值占国内生产总值比重达到15%，形成新一代信息技术、高端制造、生物、绿色低碳、数字创意等5个产值规模10万亿元级的新支柱，并在更广领域形成大批跨界融合的新增长点，平均每年带动新增就业100万人以上。
Stanford University launched its “One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence, or AI 100” to conduct a long-term evaluation of the future of AI.	美国斯坦福大学推出“人工智能100年发展研究计划”(One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence, 简称AI100)，以对AI的未来进行长期评估。
Researchers believed that AI will be omnipresent in the future, and will play a significant role.	研究人员认为，将来AI将无所不在，并将发挥重要影响力。
In terms of employment and the job market, researchers believed that AI can replace tasks but not the job post. It can also help create new jobs at the same time.	当涉及就业和职场时，研究认为AI可取代任务而非工作岗位，同时可帮助创造新的工作。
According to an actor in the cast, Zhang Mo is attentive to detail at the set. He would personally attend to every aspect at the set, from the extras to costume and makeup.	据剧组一名演员透露，张末在现场是个心思细腻的人，从群众演员到服化道，方方面面都要亲自盯到位。
Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats	意大利对非政府组织移民救援船采取强硬态度
Italy has warned NGOs operating migrant rescue boats in the Mediterranean they will not be allowed to continue if they do not sign up to new rules governing their operations.	意大利向地中海经营移民救援船的非政府组织发出警告，如果不签署新的行动管理规范，他们将不得继续实施救援。
"If NGOs do not sign up to a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue operating," Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Turin daily La Stampa.	内政部长马可·明尼蒂在接受都灵日报《新闻报》采访时称：“如果非政府组织不签署新的行为规范，很难看出他们将何以为继。”
Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities impounded a boat operated by German aid organisatiion Jugend Rettet on suspicion its crew effectively collaborated with people traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.	在明尼蒂发出警告的前一天，意大利官方因怀疑德国援助组织“青年救助”一艘船上的船员实际上勾结人口贩子，协助非法移民而将其扣押。
The aid organisation, which has only been operational for a year, declined to comment on the substance of detailed allegations made against it by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.	该援助组织仅运营一年，并拒绝评论意大利检察官安布罗吉奥·卡尔托西奥的具体指控主题。
"For us the rescue of human life is and will be our top priority, so we are very sorry we will not be able to operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organisation said in a statement on social media.	该组织在一份社交媒体声明中称，“对我们而言，拯救生命现在是、以后也会是最重要的事，因此我们很遗憾目前不能在搜救区运营。”
"We can only assess all the accusations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."	“收集完所有信息后，我们目前只能评估所有指控和形势。”
Italian authorities had been monitoring Jugend Rettet's boat, the Iuventa, since October.	意大利官方从 10 月份开始就在监视“青年救助”组织的船 Iuventa 号。
Its crew is suspected to taking on board dinghy loads of migrants delivered directly to them by people traffickers and allowing the smugglers to make off with the vessels to be used again.	其船员涉嫌搭载人口贩子直接由小船运送而来的移民，并允许走私者仓促逃离，重新利用船舰。
At least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the contents of which were published by Italian media.	根据检察官的文件记录，据称至少有一宗此类会面在距利比亚海岸 1.3 英里的海上发生。该文件内容由意大利媒体发表。
The crew are suspected of having flouted the authority of the Italian coastguard, which oversees rescue operations in the zone, out of humanitarian zeal rather than for any other motives.	其船员涉嫌公然无视意大利海岸警卫队权威，该警卫队出于人道主义热情而非任何其他动机监督该地区的救援行动。
Under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa would notably have to have an Italian police officer on board monitoring their activities.	根据行为规范规定，Iuventa 等船只明显需要一名意大利警员在船上监督他们的活动。
Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to abide by the code: Save The Children, Malta-based MOAS and Spain's Pro-Activa Open Arms.	目前，在九个参与搜救行动的非政府组织中，只有三个已同意遵守行为规范，它们分别是：救助儿童会、总部位于马尔他的移民海上援助站和西班牙的 Pro-Activa Open Arms。
The latter said on Thursday it regarded the new rules as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not involve any "significant change or impediment" to its rescue operations.	后者于星期四称，其认为新规定虽没有必要，但可以接受，因为这些规定并不会对其救援行动带来任何“重大改变和阻碍”。
Among those who have refused to sign is the Nobel Prize-winning organisation Doctors Without Borders (MSF).	拒绝签署的组织中有诺贝尔奖获奖组织无国界医生 (MSF)。
Minniti meanwhile said a sharp fall over recent weeks in the number of migrants arriving in Italy following rescues was an indication that efforts to beef up the Libyan coastguard and cooperation with local mayors was bearing fruit.	与此同时，明尼蒂称近几周抵达意大利的移民人数骤降，这表明加强利比亚海岸护卫以及联合各当地市长的努力已初见成效。
"In recent days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," the minister said.	该部长称：“近几天来，我们开始在隧道尽头看到了曙光。“
He revealed plans for further talks this month with Libyan mayors on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving those countries in the hope of reaching Europe.	他公布了本月的深度会谈的计划：与各利比亚市长商讨经济发展活动，与乍得、尼日尔和马里商讨如何减少欲离开这些国家前往欧洲的移民人数。
Lian Ping, Chief Economist of the Bank of Communications, said that as value added of industry for each of the first three quarters of 2017 was stronger toward the end of the quarter, the growth rate of value added of industry in December could accelerate to 6.6%.	交通银行首席财经学家连平则表示，由于2017年前三季度工业增加值都出现季末上翘特点，预计12月工业增加值增长可能加快至6.6%。
Cumulative growth rate of fixed asset investment in December is forecast to be at 7.2%, unchanged from the previous month, but lower than that a year ago.	预计12月固定资产投资累计增速为7.2%，与上月持平，低于去年。
Industrial production, while weaker than that in October, will remain generally unchanged from that in November.	工业生产虽然会弱于10月，但与11月基本持平。
Investment in China’s manufacturing sector was low in December, but infrastructure investment improved slightly. As such, fixed asset investment for the month will remain the same as that in November.	而12月我国制造业投资低位运行，但基建投资有小幅改善，因此预计当月固定资产投资将持平于11月。
Most of the more than 200,000 people from Changle, Fujian Province entered the US as illegal immigrants. Living in an alien country indefinitely, their families are separated and torn apart; similar scenes such these have continued to unfold.	福建长乐二十多万人进入美国，多为偷渡客；身在异国，归家无期，亲人离散，类似场景不断上演。
Beijing’s new measure to “shift and relocate institutions of higher learning”: 10,000 BUCT teachers and students move into new campus at Changping	北京“高校疏解”新举措：北化工上万师生将入驻昌平新校区
The opening ceremony of Beijing University of Chemical Technology’s (BUCT) new campus was held at the Changping District of Beijing on the 2nd, and school officially commenced at the 1,800 mu green campus.	北京化工大学新校区启用仪式2日在北京市昌平区举行，占地1800亩的绿色校园正式投入使用。
Reporters learned from the ceremony that for the purposes of enhancing the capital’s core functions, and treating “large urban center diseases”, on the back of cooperative development among Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province as well as the shifting and relocation of non-capital related functions, Beijing has accelerated the program to shift and relocate institutions of higher learning situated in central districts to suburban districts in recent years. The teachers and students of some institutions of higher learning are relocating in batches to new campuses in Shunyi, Daxing, Fangshang and other suburban districts.	记者从仪式上获悉，为强化首都核心功能，治理“大城市病”，近几年来，在京津冀协同发展及疏解非首都功能背景下，北京加快推进中心城区高校向郊区疏解，一些高校的师生正陆续分批迁至顺义、大兴、房山等郊区新校区。
BUCT’s new campus is located in Nankou Town, Changping, and sits on a land area of 1,800 mu, some 40 km from the city. It is a key project of Beijing’s shifting and relocation of non-capital functions.	北化工新校区位于昌平南口镇，占地1800亩，距离市区40公里，是北京市疏解非首都功能的重点工程之一。
The new campus was constructed in three phases. Phase I is now entirely completely, and Phase II is expected to commence by the end of the year. On completion, the learning and living requirements of close to 20,000 undergraduate and graduate students as well as faculty staff are expected to be met.	新校区分三期建设，目前一期建设已全部完成，二期建设预计于今年底全面启动，全部建成后计划将满足近2万名本科生、研究生及教职员工学习和生活的需要。
At this time, a review of this year’s film market will show that fans of the original book of a film adaptation and those of the actors taking part in film have become key components of the expected audience of the film.	此时回望今年的电影市场时，我们发现，电影的原著文本及参演明星的两批拥趸，成为电影预期观众的重要组成部分。
At 17:10 today, the 119 command center at Shaoyang received an emergency call. Tetrahydrofuran stored at Hongzhi Chemical Plant at Longxutang, Shuangxi District, caught fire.	今天17时10分，邵阳市119指挥中心接到报警，位于该市双清区龙须塘的宏志化工厂储存的四氢呋喃发生火灾。
Shaoyang fire station immediately dispatched five detachments and 20 fire trucks with heavy chemical protective clothing, chemical cleaning vehicles and other equipment to the scene.	邵阳市消防支队立即调派5个中队20台消防车携带重型防化服、防化洗消车等器材赶到现场。
Preliminary investigation revealed that the cause of the fire was the small tanks in which tetrahydrofuran was stored. There was thick smoke at the scene.	经初步侦查，起火的是储存四氢呋喃等化学物质的小储罐，现场产生浓烟较大。
At the time of filing this report, firefighters were in the processing of carrying out emergency rescue. The City’s health, safety administration, environmental protection, public security, traffic and other departments arrived at the scene successively. No fatalities or injured persons were found.	截至记者发稿时，消防官兵正在紧张救援，市卫生、安监、环保、治安、交通等部门已相继赶赴现场，未发现人员伤亡情况。
Michelle Carter sentenced for texts urging suicide of Conrad Roy	米歇尔?卡特 (Michelle Carter) 因发短信怂恿康拉德?罗伊 (Conrad Roy) 自杀被判刑
A Massachusetts woman has been sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.	一名马萨诸塞州女子因通过短信和电话怂恿男友自杀而被判刑两年半。
Michelle Carter, now 20, will serve 15 months of her term behind bars and five years of probation.	现年 20 岁的米歇尔?卡特将服刑 15 个月，期满后可转为缓刑。另加缓刑 5 年。
Carter was convicted in June of the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy, who took his own life on 13 July 2014.	卡特在 6 月被判处对康拉德?罗伊 (Conrad Roy) 犯有无故意非预谋杀人罪，后者于 2014 年 7 月 13 日自杀。
Mr Roy's father told Thursday's hearing: "My family is heartbroken.	罗伊的父亲在周四的听证会说道：“我的家人伤心欲绝。
My son was my best friend."	我的儿子是我最好的朋友。”
Carter was allowed to remain free pending an appeal.	在等待上诉期间，卡特获准保持人身自由。
She had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal team argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.	她面临最多 20 年有期徒刑，但她的律师团认为她和罗伊先生都患有精神病。
Dressed in red trousers and a cream blouse, Carter stood tearfully with hands clasped and eyes cast down as she was sentenced.	在宣判时，卡特站立着，身穿红色长裤和米色罩衫，双手紧扣，双眼含泪，目光朝下。
"Her actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.	“她的行为杀死了康拉德?罗伊 ”，检察官告诉法庭。
"She ended his life to better her own.	“她为了自己活得更好而结束了他的生命。
She has not accepted responsibility," she said.	她没有承担责任 ”，检察官说。
"She has shown no remorse."	“她没有任何悔恨之意。”
But Carter's lawyer said it was a "horrible circumstance that she completely regrets."	但卡特的律师说这是“一个可怕的后果，她感到非常后悔。”
However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he did not find that her "age or level of maturity or even her mental illness have any significant impact on her actions."	然而，劳伦斯?莫尼斯 (Lawrence Moniz) 法官说，他并没有发现她的“年龄或成熟程度，乃至她的精神疾病会对她的行为产生任何重大影响。”
A prosecutor read a statement from Mr Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying there was "not one day I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.	一位检察官阅读了罗伊母亲林恩?罗伊 (Lynn Roy) 的一份声明她说，“我没有一天不为失去我心爱的儿子而痛心。
I want him to be proud of me and how I am handling everything - I am trying to be there for his sisters in all of my pain we will carry with us for eternity," it said.	我希望他为我和我所做的一切感到自豪 。我正努力在我所有的痛苦中和他的妹妹们站在一起，这些痛苦将伴随我们至永远 ”，声明表示。
Mr Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realisation that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.	罗伊先生的妹妹凯迪?罗伊 (Camdyn Roy) 作证表示，她因为意识到自己永远不能参加她哥哥的婚礼或成为他孩子的姑姑而“精神恍惚”。
"Not having that one person I've been with every day since birth is a pain I'll always keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.	“失去一个从我出世以来就陪伴着我的人是一种痛苦，而我的余生将会与这种痛苦为伍。”她说道。
The case appears to set a legal precedent, as there is no Massachusetts law that criminalises telling a person to commit suicide.	这个案例似乎开创了法律先例，因为马萨诸塞州的法律并没有规定怂恿其他人自杀有罪。
Carter was 17 when Mr Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.	2014 年，罗伊被发现死于车内一氧化碳中毒；这一年，卡特 17 岁。
The case drew national attention after Carter's text messages revealed she had encouraged him to end his life.	卡特的短信揭示她怂恿他自杀后，该案件引发了全国关注。
"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself I don't know there's a lot of ways," she said in several messages sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on holiday with his family.	“上吊、跳楼、刺伤自己，有很多方法。”她在他死亡前两周发送的数条短信中表示；当时他正和家人一起度假。
In the moments before his suicide, she wrote: "You need to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn the generator on and you will be free and happy."	在他自杀前的那段时间，她写道：“你需要这样做，康拉德”，“你所要做的就是启动发电机，然后就会获得自由和快乐。”
Judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Mr Roy's death, ordering that she not be allowed to profit from the case through any press.	莫尼兹法官说，卡特通过罗伊先生的死来博取关注，并命令她不得通过任何媒体从案件中获利。
The case has divided legal opinion.	本案例存在法律意见分歧。
Among the few to defend Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of murdering her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before she was cleared two years ago.	替卡特辩护的人为数不多，阿曼达?诺克斯 (Amanda Knox) 就是其中之一，她于 2007 年被指控在意大利谋杀她的英国室友，两年后被宣布无罪。
Ms Knox, 30, published an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times saying: "Michelle Carter deserves sympathy and help, not prison."	30 岁的诺克斯女士在《洛杉矶时报》发表的一篇专栏文章中表示：“米歇尔?卡特值得同情和帮助，而不是监禁。”
Zhang Yimou is destined to controversial film artist. From when he began filming his first movie, “Red Sorghum”, he has always been a trendsetter in Chinese films, but he has also received a lot of criticism.	张艺谋注定是一个让人争议的电影艺术家，从他开始拍摄第一部电影《红高粱》起，他在一直引领中国电影风潮的同时，也收获了很多非议。
On the 2nd, reporters learned from Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club that the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team came in fourth at the National Youth Basketball League Finals held in Beijing.	记者2日从拉萨净土篮球俱乐部获悉，近期，拉萨净土篮球青少年队在北京举行的全国青少年篮球联赛总决赛中获得第四名。
Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team is comprised of 11 local basketball players, and its head coach is Tsering Samdup, the assistant coach of the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Men’s Team.	拉萨净土篮球青少年队由11名本土球员组成，主教练为拉萨净土男篮成年队助理教练次仁桑珠。
Tibet’s “Basketball Kids” on their way to Beijing for the Finals.	在前往北京参加总决赛前的西藏“篮球小子”。
Photo: Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club. Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club’s General Manager Liang Junchao told reporters that compared to the previous year, the Team’s performance has improved. The players’ self-confidence and grasp of the game have increased significantly. Their exchanges with other teams were also more comprehensive, and exchanges both on and off the court have also increased and were more relaxed.	拉萨净土篮球俱乐部摄拉萨净土篮球俱乐部总经理梁俊超对记者表示，与去年相比，球队的成绩有所进步，球员的自信心和对赛场的把握都有明显提升。球员和其他队的交流也更全面，场上、场下交流也更多、更轻松。
After the competition ended, captain Jiang Cuo said that he hoped to gain experience from taking part in the competition, and do his best for Tibetan basketball.	比赛结束后，队长江措表示，他希望通过参加比赛积累经验，为西藏的篮球事业尽力。
It is understood that during the competition, the players had to overcome factors such as low altitude sickness, displaying the image of Tibet.	据了解，在北京的比赛中，球员们克服了低海拔醉氧等因素，展现了西藏形象。
The fact that track and field involves the most gold medals in the Olympics makes those athletes confident a lot, the famous players have been disadvantaged in the competition.	尽管田径在奥运会是金牌大户，得田径者得天下，但田径名将比拼吸金却处在下风。
Audi to Modify Up to 850,000 Diesel Vehicles as Carmakers Face Backlash	汽车制造商面临冲击，奥迪将改装多达 850,000 辆柴油车
A day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to upgrade the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.	奥迪宣布改装的前一天，宝马表示将为 350,000 多辆汽车提供软件升级。
The BMW chairman said the company believed "there are more intelligent options than driving restrictions," referring to the European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - that have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.	宝马董事长表示，宝马相信“驾驶有更多智能选择而非限制”，意指欧洲各大城市 - 包括宝马公司总部所在地慕尼黑在内 - 考虑禁止或限制柴油车辆。
Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce their diesel emissions.	戴姆勒周二宣布将改装欧洲 300 万辆梅赛德斯汽车以减少其柴油排放量。
None of the companies described the moves as recalls.	无一家公司宣称此举为召回。
European carmakers have heavily promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet rules on carbon dioxide emissions.	欧洲汽车制造商在欧洲和美国大力推广使用柴油车辆，以帮助达到二氧化碳排放规定。
But the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens, and can cause asthma.	但柴油机排放的氮氧化物被认为是致癌物质，并可能导致哮喘。
The cost to automotive companies of installing equipment to neutralize the fumes emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.	汽车公司安装设备以抵消柴油车尾气排放的成本也在增加，因此难以保持柴油车在价格上的竞争力。
As German automakers face scrutiny, the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been accused of coddling the powerful car companies and of ignoring signs of the problem.	随着德国汽车制造商面临审查，总理安格拉·默克尔领导的政府也被指责过于放任这些强大的汽车公司，并且忽视了这一问题的种种迹象。
The companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which covered up its use of so-called defeat devices that could adjust emissions to comply with regulations when a car was being tested, but ease back in normal driving conditions.	这些汽车公司正试图避免重蹈大众的覆辙，即掩盖其使用所谓的失败装置，在汽车测试时调整排放量以符合法规，在正常驾驶条件下则恢复正常。
Several Volkswagen executives have been charged in the United States, and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.	多名大众高管在美国被指控，其他高管则正在接受大西洋两岸国家的调查。
Last month, the former head of thermodynamics at Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.	上个月，奥迪发动机研发部前热力学负责人在德国被捕。
The former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian, and therefore is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.	前经理扎切罗·吉奥凡尼·帕米欧为意大利人，因此不受引渡保护，可能在美国面临审判。
Early this year, Audi was swept up into a German criminal investigation involving Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to evade emissions rules in Europe, broadening an inquiry that had focused on the United States.	今年早些时候，奥迪被卷入一桩涉及大众的德国刑事调查，德国政府指控奥迪安装系统以逃避欧洲的排放要求，扩大了之前仅限于美国的调查范围。
The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury carmaker accounts for a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profit.	奥迪被调查可能会对大众产生重大影响：豪华汽车制造商占有大众汽车不成比例的利润份额。
Taking a couple of years, or even a few years, to make a film from planning to release is nothing unusual.	一部电影从筹备到上映，历时一两年乃至几年，可谓司空见惯。
“Big Fish & Begonia”, an animated feature film 12 years in the making, recently announced that it would be released on July 8th.	动画电影《大鱼海棠》日前宣布将于7月8日上映，这部影片从筹备到上映历时12年！
Liang Xuan, the author of “Big Fish & Begonia”, dropped out of his studies at the Department of Thermal Engineering at Tsinghua University when he was 21, and founded B&T together with best friend Zhang Chun. In 2008, Ce Yuan Ventures provided US$1 million in risk investment, kick-starting the maiden animated film, “Big Fish & Begonia”.	《大鱼海棠》原作者梁旋，21岁从清华大学热能动力专业肄业，和好友张春一起创立了彼岸天，2008年获得联创策源百万美金的风险投资，启动了动画电影处女作《大鱼海棠》。
The film was already a recipient of multiple local and overseas awards at the creative sample stage. It has been included in the Centre Pompidou’s collection and acclaimed as “an outstanding artwork”.	影片在创意样片阶段已获得国内外众多大奖，更被法国蓬皮杜当代艺术中心收录并赞誉为“最杰出的艺术品之一”。
As it took six years from creation to production, the film was known as a “super deceiver” by millions of fans who were looking forward to its release.	由于从创意到制作历时六年之久，该片被百万翘首期盼上映的粉丝称为“神坑”。
“Big Fish & Begonia” is a Chinese fantasy. The announcement of the trailers for the scheduled release has once again led to new expectations among all viewers.	《大鱼海棠》讲述了一个属于中国人的奇幻故事。随着此次定档预告片的公布，又为所有观众带来全新的期待。
Liang Xuan said, “I’ve only done this one thing in the last 12 years. Now it has turned from a dream into reality. I’m both nervous and excited”.	梁旋说：“这12年只做了这一件事，现在它从一个梦变成了现实，我是既紧张又兴奋”。
Zhang Chun said, “I kept thinking of using one-fiftieth of other people’s budget to come up with an image effect that was completely identical to these other people’s. I drove our entire team up the wall.”	张春称：“老想着用别人五十分之一的预算，做出和别人完全一样的画面效果，团队都要被我逼疯了。”
Dongguan, the “Factory of the World” which once made its fortune on industrial processing and large numbers of general workers, is looking to high-level talent to help the city reposition itself.	东莞这个曾经依靠来料加工和大批普工起家的“世界工厂”，正将目光投向那些能够引领这座城市重新定位的高水平人才。
The Dongguan government recently held a high-level talent week event. Reporters from China Business Network noticed a number of reputable local enterprises participating in the talent fair.	近日东莞市政府举办的高层次人才活动周上，第一财经记者看到，当地一些颇具实力的企业纷纷参加人才洽谈会。
On the bright advertising board against a tangerine colored wall, they listed their respective exorbitant price tags.	在橘红色背景墙映衬下格外鲜亮的广告牌上，它们各自标出了不菲的价码。
Therefore, China Television Drama Production Industry Association will work together with the television drama production industry nationwide to sign a self-discipline convention.	因此，中国电视剧制作产业协会决定，将联合全国电视剧制作行业，签署自律公约。
Provence lavender under threat from climate change	普罗旺斯薰衣草受到气候变化的威胁
It has become a symbol of Provence in southern France, but there is a warning that it's under threat from climate change.	薰衣草已经成为法国南部普罗旺斯市的象征，但现在有个坏消息，它正受到气候变化带来的威胁。
Lavender is in decline because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, causing a major headache for scientists and farmers attempting to find solutions.	由于持续干旱和出现携带病毒的昆虫，薰衣草正在衰败，这让正在试图寻找解决方案的科学家和农民头痛不已。
Eric Chaisse, an expert at the Provence-based agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM, said: "Lavender in Provence is effectively endangered, because in recent years the plant has been subjected to the effects of climate change that brought a lot less rain in the spring and mostly in the autumn.	位于普罗旺斯的农业研究所 (CRIEPPAM) 的专家艾瑞克?蔡斯 (Eric Chaisse) 说：“普罗旺斯的薰衣草正面临着巨大的威胁，因为近年来该植物受到了气候变化的影响，春季降雨大幅减少，而秋季则阴雨绵绵。
This affects the lifespan of lavender.	这会影响到薰衣草的生命周期。
There's also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria transmitting leaf hopper, and in very dry weather there are lots of them."	还有一种个体较小的蝉，一种可以传播微小细菌的叶蝉，在非常干燥的天气中，它们会大量出现。“
And a lot is at stake.	关键在于其数量巨大。
As well as attracting holidaymakers, lavender oil is highly sought after for perfume and cosmetics.	清雅的薰衣草场除了可以吸引度假者外，薰衣草油还受到香水和化妆品行业的追捧。
Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a number of large flowers, we have smaller ones, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.	艾瑞克?蔡斯说：“与可以开许多大花，具有很长谷穗的植株相反，我们的则存在个体较小，发育不良、缺失或孱弱不足的问题。
So we have fewer parts with essential oil."	所以我们的精油含量更少。”
Solutions being looked at include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mix of clay and water and developing varieties more resistant to dry conditions.	正在研究的解决方案包括采取更好的灌溉技术和减缓土壤水分的蒸发，向植株上喷洒粘土和水的保护性混合物，以及开发更为耐旱的品种。
Compared to the sci-fi elements in the movie, the two lead actors said that it was the movie’s plot that attracted them.	相比起电影中的科幻元素，两位主演纷纷表示更吸引他们的是影片中的故事。
On the afternoon of September 5, West China City Daily reporters consecutively interviewed numerous renowned personalities in the cross talk circle, as well as two cross talk artistes. What was surprising was that they were unanimously silent most of the time.	9月5日下午，华西都市报记者，连续采访多位相声界的知名人士，还有两位相声表演艺术家，令人吃惊的是，他们几乎保持一致沉默。
One is a Silver Bear Best Actor, the other, an up-and-coming young actor; “Guilty of Mind” is the first partnership between Liao Fan and Li Yifeng.	一位是柏林影帝，一位是上升期青年演员，《心理罪》也是廖凡和李易峰的首次搭档。
A journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico	墨西哥危险重重，新闻记者被杀
The staff of the weekly newspaper Riodoce normally meets on Wednesdays to review their plans for coverage of the most recent mayhem wrought in Sinaloa state by organized crime, corrupt officials and ceaseless drug wars.	《Riodoce》周报的全体员工通常都会在周三集会，回顾他们对锡那罗州骚乱的报道计划，这些骚乱由犯罪组织、腐败官员和无尽的毒品战争引起。
But on this day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they've come together to talk about security.	但是今天，悲剧的阴影笼罩着他们自己，他们汇聚一堂讨论安全问题。
It's important to change their routines, they are told.	他们被告知要改变他们的日常习惯，这很重要。
Two senior journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children with them to the office, which was the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.	两名资深记者讨论了哪种更让人感到安全：究竟该把他们的孩子带到办公室（办公室曾在 2009 年遭到手榴弹袭击），还是该把他们留在家里。
Security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: adversaries, neutrals, allies.	安全专家在房间前面的黑板上写下了三个单词：敌人、中立者和盟友。
They ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.	他们让这些记者在每一栏下列出名字——不需要证据，观察和直觉就够了。
There are drug-traffickers, politicians, businesspeople, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of villains who make the job of covering Mexico's chaos perilous.	有怀疑在政府名单上的毒贩、政客、商人和记者，或者卡特尔，这帮恶棍让墨西哥的报道工作危险重重。
There is no respite from the violence, and as bodies pile up across the country, more and more of them are journalists: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists; 589 under federal protection after attacks and threats; and so far this year, at least seven dead in seven states.	暴力从不停歇，全国尸横遍野，其中有越来越多记者：根据保护记者委员会的记录，自总统恩里克·培尼亚·涅托于 2012 年 12 月上位以来，已经至少有 25 名记者死亡；589 名记者在遭到袭击与威胁后受联邦保护；今年目前为止，有至少 7 名记者在 7 个州内死去。
Among the latest is their editor and inspiration, Riodoce co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.	上一个死去的是他们的编辑和灵感来源，同时也是《Riodoce》的联合创始人哈维尔·瓦尔迪兹·卡德纳斯。
"The greatest error is to live in Mexico and to be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on narco-violence.	瓦尔迪兹写过很多关于毒品暴力的书籍，他在其中一本中这样写道：“最大的错误就是住在墨西哥并成为一个记者。”
His absence is felt deeply, although his presence is everywhere - a large photo of Valdez displaying his middle finger, with the word "Justice," hangs on the facade of the Riodoce building; two reporters on their 30s, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts that display his smiling, bespectacled face or his trademark Panama hat.	大家能够深切感觉到他已经离开，虽然他无处不在——一张巨大的照片挂在《Riodoce》办公楼的正面，瓦尔迪兹竖着中指，配词“正义”；亚伦·伊瓦拉和米里亚姆·拉米雷斯这两位 30 多岁的记者穿的 T 恤上还展示着他的笑容，他戴着眼镜或他标志性的巴拿马草帽。
The workshop takes place less than two months after his death; the reporters discuss their shared trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.	研讨会在他去世后不到两个月的时间召开；记者们纷纷讨论他们共同的创伤、噩梦、失眠和多疑症。
Although a special federal prosecutor's office was established in 2010 to handle the journalists' cases, it has only prosecuted two, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.	虽然 2010 年成立了一个特殊的联邦检察官办公室来处理记者案件，但是根据保护记者委员会的记录，该办公室只起诉了两人。
As with most of the thousands of murders tied to drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists are rarely brought to justice.	每年数千宗犯罪案件中大部分都涉及贩毒与组织犯罪，所以很少能将杀害记者的凶手绳之以法。
At Riodoce, they persist in covering the violence of Sinaloa, though they are heartbroken, though the terrain is more treacherous now.	在《Riodoce》，他们坚持报道锡那罗州的暴力事件，虽然他们已经心碎，虽然这片土地已千疮百孔。
Without information on the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security, says Ibarra, is of little use.	伊瓦拉说，没有凶手信息，没有伸张正义，那么召开安全讨论会也没多大用。
"It's very foolish to waste my time in this workshop," he says.	他说“浪费时间参加这样的研讨会真是愚蠢。
"As long as we don't know why, you distrust everyone."	只要我们不知道为什么，你就不相信任何人。”
On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital of Culiacan.	5 月 15 日早晨，瓦尔迪兹离开首府库利亚坎的《Riodoce》办公室。
He managed to drive just a couple blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men; he was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably for the name of the paper - which translates as Twelfth River.	他的红色丰田卡罗拉只开出了几个街区就被两个男人拦住；他们逼迫他下车，开了 12 枪，猜测是因为报纸的名字——翻译为《十二道河》。
The gunman drove away in his car and crashed it nearby.	歹徒开着他的车离开，并在附近将其撞毁。
Valdez was 50 years old.	瓦尔迪兹 50 岁了。
He left a wife and two adult children.	留下他的妻子和两个已经成年的孩子。
Rumors tend to fly freely in Culiacan.	库利亚坎流言四起。
But on the subject of Valdez, there's practically nothing but silence.	但是关于瓦尔迪兹的话题，实际上除了沉默什么也没有。
Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlegrounds as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.	自从去年古兹曼被捕并于 1 月份引渡美国，锡那罗州已经成为这个国家最血腥的战场，各敌对势力疯狂厮杀。
Never mind that someone or several people are shot dead in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is filled with ornate, two-story mausoleums for drug kings, larger than many homes for the living.	锡那罗州的街道上每天都有一个或几个人被枪杀，墓地里布满了毒枭华丽的两层陵墓，这些已经司空见惯。
Forget for a minute that a state of "calm" is when just one cartel is in control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug-trafficking routes to the United States.	暂时忘记“平静”的状态是只有一个卡特尔控制这个海滨州及其通往美国的港口和贩毒路线的时候。
Despite that, and the fact that Valdez was intimately aware of the perils of his work, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, is wracked with guilt for failing to protect his friend.	即使如此，即使瓦尔迪兹深刻知道这份工作的危险性，但 60 岁的《Riodoce》联合创始人兼董事伊斯梅尔·波荷奎还是因为没有保护好他的朋友而愧疚不已。
He believes two errors contributed to the killing.	他相信两个错误造成了这次悲剧。
First there was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions at war with Guzman's sons.	第一，2 月份出版了达马索·洛佩兹采访，他领导着一个与古兹曼几个儿子对战的卡特尔集团。
The piece may have angered the sons; suspected gang members bought up every copy of the edition as soon as they were delivered to newsstands.	这份报道可能激怒了这几个儿子；报纸一送到报摊就被嫌疑帮派成员买断。
The second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that carried the same story.	第二个错误是在另一份报道同一个故事的报纸被没收后没有强迫瓦尔迪兹为自身安全考虑离开墨西哥。
Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is seen as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.	瓦尔迪兹在墨西哥及国外是一个传奇，他的死对墨西哥针对记者的暴力具有重大意义。
He'd survived for so long, his friends and colleagues assumed he'd always be there.	他的精神长存，他的朋友和同事相信他一直与我们同在。
He was a veteran reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he joined five colleagues in creating Riodoce, selling $50 shares.	2003 年他还是《Noroeste》的资深记者，当年他联合了五位同事创办了《Riodoce》，卖了 50 美元的股份。
In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without touching the narco issue," said Bojorquez.	波荷奎说，在锡那罗州，“踏足新闻业不可能不跟毒品问题打交道。”
Over time the paper earned a reputation for brave and honest coverage, and sales and advertising increased.	随着时间的流逝，该报因大胆诚实的报道赢得了不错的声誉，销量和广告也增加了。
Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication where they could read stories nobody else dared to cover.	记者喜欢能够发表直击要害的调查报道而不用担心审查，读者也喜欢报纸发表其他人不敢报道的故事。
Eight years after Riodoce was founded, it won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot award for coverage in Latin America.	《Riodoce》在创办五年后获得了拉美国家玛利亚摩斯卡波新闻奖。
That same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists for his courage in pursuing the Mexican drug story wherever it led.	同年保护记者协会授予瓦尔迪兹国际新闻自由奖，表彰他追求最真实的墨西哥毒品报道的勇气。
He freely acknowledged that he was frightened.	他坦言自己也很害怕。
"I want to carry on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.	在保护记者协会授予奖项的时候，他说“我想要继续活下去。”
Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV.	后来在 10 月份下旬，他在当地电视台 Rompeviento TV的一次采访中称“在锡那罗州，贩毒是一种生活方式，
"You have to assume the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.	你必须以记者的身份承担落到你肩上的任务——要么如此，要么装聋作哑。
I don't want to be asked, 'What were you doing in the face of so much death ... why didn't you say what was going on?'"	我不想被问道‘面对这么多死亡，你做了什么......为什么你不对正在发生的事发声？’”
The Riodoce staff misses Valdez, the jokester who swore like a longshoreman, the friend generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.	《Riodoce》的全体员工都很怀念瓦尔迪兹，怀念他像一个码头工人一样咒骂不休，怀念这位从不吝惜拥抱与建议的朋友，怀念这位知道如何活下去的老师。
They relied on his routine.	他们依赖于他的习惯。
He would always wear his hat.	他过去常常戴着那顶帽子。
He would go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and would always sit at the same table.	常去办公室对面的那家 El Guayabo 酒吧，也总是坐在同一张桌子上。
Now, they ask: Was his love of routine his downfall?	现在，他们会问：是他的日常习惯造成了他的陨落吗？
His death also has forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.	他的死也让他们不得不去思考如何做好工作并好好活下去的问题。
"They don't like it if you mess with their women, their children, their clean businesses, their clandestine airstrips" used to move drugs.	波荷奎说，“他们不喜欢你给他们的女人和孩子惹麻烦，也不喜欢你影响他们的合法公司和用于运送毒品的秘密机场。
"Those things were off-limits," said Bojorquez.	这些都越过了他们的底线。”
The result is, even in the best of times, a high-level of self-censorship and self-preservation.	结果是，即使在最安全的时候，也要保持高度的自我审查和自我保护。
Trusting one's instincts.	相信自己的直觉。
If it smells wrong, stay away.	如果你嗅到了危险的气息，赶紧远离。
The trouble, said Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, is that "smell is a sense that can be fooled ... and then the thing with Javier happened."	《Riodoce》编辑安德烈斯·维拉里尔说，问题是“气息是一种会被欺骗的感觉......然后就会发生哈维尔那样的事。”
The old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they don't in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.	他和其他人都说以前的规则已不再适用于锡那罗州——就像已经不再适用于塔毛利帕斯州、韦拉克鲁斯州、格雷罗州和其他州一样，这些州的走私路线利润丰厚，而各机构势微，政府官员腐败，乌烟瘴气。
The landscape constantly shifts.	局势在不停地变换。
In the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, suddenly no cellphones were allowed; days before, it was revealed that spyware sold exclusively to governments had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.	在《Riodoce》员工参加安全培训的房间里，突然就不允许使用手机；几天前，据称仅出售给政府的间谍软件在墨西哥已经用于监视记者和活动分子。
Outside, two police officers sought relief from the 104-degree (40 Celsius) heat in the shade of a tree.	外面，两名警察在树荫下乘凉，躲避 104 度（40 摄氏度）的高温。
They were assigned by the state government to guard Riodoce's offices, housed in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.	他们是州政府派来保护《Riodoce》的办公室的，这些办公室位于库利亚坎中层阶级街区一栋四层楼高的大楼里。
Half-jokingly, some of the reporters wondered whether these officers are among the 50 percent of cops whom the governor himself has said are not trustworthy.	一些记者半开玩笑地调侃道不知道这些警察会不会就属于州长自己说的那信不过的 50%。
It has been months since the reporters have gone into the mountainous countryside, where the drug gangs are in de facto control.	记者们去山区已经几个月了，那里的贩毒集团处于实际存在的控制之下。
For this week's edition Riodoce was looking at three main stories.	这周的《Riodoce》主要报道了三件大事。
There was the killing of former boxing great Julio Cesar Chavez's brother in Sinaloa.	其中有锡那罗州伟大的前拳击手胡里奥·塞萨尔·查韦斯的兄弟被杀事件，
They also had an expose on government spending concentrated in the governor's hometown.	还有州长家乡的政府经费披露，
And there was a group kidnapping in one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.	以及库利亚坎一家昂贵的餐厅内的绑架事件，这家餐厅距离检察官的办公室只有一个街区。
There was no official word on who was abducted or how it happened, so caution set in when it came time to write what everyone in the city knows: that the restaurant is a favorite of both drug traffickers and authorities.	官方并没有发布被绑架对象和绑架过程的信息，因此写下这个城市都知道的事情时需要慎之又慎：那就是这家餐厅是毒贩和官方都爱去的地方。
A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party, or PRI, which dominated all levels of politics for nearly all of the last century.	一位记者从公共档案得知该餐厅登记在执政党革命制度党 (PRI) 一位政客名下，该党几乎在整个上个纪都主宰着各个政治阶层。
Recently several PRI governors have been accused of corruption in high-profile cases.	最近，几位革命制度党州长在几宗受高度重视的案件中被指贪污。
Villarreal asked the reporter to write about prior incidents in that locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.	维拉里尔要求记者写一写之前在事发地点发生的事，包括墨西哥头号大毒枭古兹曼的一个儿子躲避军事袭击的事件。
Just months before, readers would have looked to Valdez's column for the best-sourced information about the kidnapping.	如果在几个月前，读者们会查看瓦尔迪兹的专栏，寻找对此次绑架事件最有力的信息。
"Before, we would have already known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" for his slender build.	46 岁的维拉里尔因为身材单薄，人称“瘦子”，他说“在以前，我们早就已经知道发生了什么事。
"Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."	现在我们所有的信息来源沟通渠道都被掐断。
Valdez's office has been repurposed as a storage room for signs and stickers protesting journalist killings, as staff have become something they never expected to be: activists on behalf of the press.	瓦尔迪兹的办公室现在被用来储藏抗议杀害记者的标识和贴纸，因为员工们成为了他们从没想要成为的样子：代表媒体的积极分子。
Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few of the signs and headed out the next morning for a demonstration at the local prosecutor's office over yet another journalist.	第二天早上记者米里亚姆·拉米雷斯随手抓了一把标识走出房间，前往当地检察官的办公室参加与另一位记者相关的游行。
Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.	萨尔瓦多·阿达梅在瓦尔迪兹被杀三天后在西部的米却肯州失踪。
A burned body has been discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA tests.	官方发现了一具被烧焦的尸体，并称根据 DNA 测试，这就是他的尸体。
Nationwide, journalists have become more vocal, scrawling "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.	在全国范围内，记者们都变得更加直言不讳，他们组织抗议，在人行道和建筑物上涂上“拯救媒体”的字样。
On this day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to rally international support for justice in the Valdez case.	这一天，董事波荷奎并不在华盛顿，他正努力为瓦尔迪兹案伸张正义，争取国际支持。
At a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after Valdez was killed, Ramirez accused authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.	瓦尔迪兹被杀的第二天，在与锡那罗州州长的会面中，拉米雷斯控诉官方刺探记者信息，并因为他们说出了事实而将他们杀害。
She has since asked to be reassigned from covering the government, concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.	鉴于她的愤怒已经影响她的客观性，她也要求辞去报道政府事务的职位。
Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico are "surrounded" by organized crime, complicit government officials and an indifferent society.	瓦尔迪兹曾不断重申，墨西哥的记者被组织犯罪、同流合污的政府官员和漠不关心的社会“包围”着。
In his last book, "Narco-journalism," he wrote that reporters are being killed not just by drug gangs but on the order of politicians and security forces in cahoots with organized crime.	在他的上一本书《毒品新闻业》中，他写道，记者不仅仅被贩毒集团残害，更是在与组织犯罪同流合污的政客和安全部队的名单上。
The media watchdog group Articulo 19 attributed more than half of attacks on journalists last year to police and public officials.	媒体监察集团 Articulo 19 就将去年超过一半的记者袭击归罪于警方和公共官员。
"In Mexico you die because they want to shut you up," Ramirez said.	拉米雷斯说，“在墨西哥，他们让你死就为了让你闭嘴。”
Clearly, the murders have a chilling effect.	显然，这些谋杀案令人不寒而栗。
No one forgets the death six years ago of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas.	没有人忘记六年前，博主玛丽亚·伊丽莎白·马西亚斯死在了塔毛利帕斯北部的边界。
Her body was found along with a note purportedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am because of my reports."	她的尸体旁有一张据称由泽塔斯卡特尔签署的字条：“我为我的报道而来。”
A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.	她的头颅被割下，旁边放着一个电脑键盘和耳机。
Some outlets have opted to close, such as the newspaper El Norte, in the northern border state of Chihuahua, after the killing of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.	，米罗斯拉娃·布雷奇在 3 月被杀后，一些报业选择关闭，比如奇瓦瓦州北部边界的《El Norte》报纸。
Others keep going, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did following the killing of its director in 2004.	其他人还在继续，2014 年《El Manana of Nuevo Laredo》的董事被杀，但他们还在继续。
In 2010, Diario de Ciudad Juarez addressed the drug cartels publicly with a front-page editorial titled, "What do you want from us?"	2010 年，Diario de Ciudad Juarez 用一条头版新闻公开对话毒品卡特尔，其标题为“你们想从我们这里得到什么？”
Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.	部分记者逃离了他们的家乡，或者甚至离开了这个国家。
It's a wrenching decision.	这是一个艰难的抉择。
It's hard to find work in exile, and they still scan the streets, looking for danger.	流亡中很难找到工作，而且他们在街道上仍需小心谨慎，警惕危险。
And sometimes, they are hunted down, as apparently was photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 along with four women in a Mexico City apartment three months after fleeing Veracruz.	有时他们会被捕，据说在 2015 年摄影师鲁本·埃斯皮诺萨在逃离韦拉克鲁斯三个月后在一个墨西哥城市和四名女性一道被杀。
For those who stay behind and continue the work, it's a daily dance of high-risk decisions.	对于那些待在幕后继续工作的人来说，这是高危决策的日常舞步。
Ibarra - who once wanted to be a poet - admits that covering the drug trade scares him.	伊瓦拉曾想要成为诗人，他承认报道毒品贸易让他感到恐惧。
"Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.	他说“墨西哥正在变成地狱，所以我成为了一名记者。”
At midnight on a recent Friday, with the latest issue already put to bed, Riodoce editors sat on the sidewalk outside the office, drinking beer, when all at once, their phones began to buzz.	最近一个星期五的半夜，最新一期的报纸已经付印，《Riodoce》的编辑们坐在办公室外的走道上喝着啤酒，突然，他们的手机响了。
A series of shootouts involving gang rivals and security forces near the beach resort city of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.	海滩度假城市马萨特兰附近的帮派敌对势力和安全部队发生一系列枪战，已确认 19 人死亡。
The war continued to escalate, as was promised by a series of cartel messages discovered in the area.	战事还在升级，正如该地区发现的一系列卡特尔信息预示的那样。
From the curb, via cellphone, they put the news up on Riodoce's website.	他们就在路边通过手机把新闻上传到《Riodoce》的网站上。
The front page would have to be changed the next day.	第二天的头条不得不更改了。
Sirens wailed nearby - another shootout in the area.	警笛声在附近响起——该地区又发生一起生死决斗的枪战。
Bojorquez glanced over at the police officers standing guard to see if they were alert.	波荷奎瞥了一眼站在那里护卫的警察，看他们是否警觉起来。
If they were at all afraid, they didn't show it.	如果他们有丁点害怕，那么他们也并没有表现出来。
Beneath the massive portrait of their newspaper's fallen founder, his middle finger displayed for all of Sinaloa to see, the staff of Riodoce was following in his footsteps.	这份报纸的创始人已经阵亡，在他的大幅肖像画上，他的中指指向了整个锡那罗州需要眺望的地方，《Riodoce》的全体职员跟随着他的步伐。
"How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when the same day Javier was killed the intern asked me to send her out to report on the street?"	波荷奎说：“你怎么可以甚至想要关闭呢？哈维尔被杀的同一天，实习生要求我把她派到街上参与报道。”
Size of China’s self drive tourism market may exceed RMB1 trillion by 2020	中国自驾车旅游2020年市场规模或突破万亿元
[Abstract] Against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading and widespread popularity of free-and-easy travel, self drive tourism has received support from national policies, and is welcomed by an increasing number of consumers.	[摘要]在消费升级和自由行盛行的大背景下，自驾游受到国家政策的鼓励以及越来越多消费者的喜爱。
At the same time however, the self drive travel market, the size of which is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion, is confronted with twin challenges.	但与此同时，有望突破万亿规模的自驾游市场却也面临着双重挑战。
Against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading and widespread popularity of free-and-easy travel, self drive tourism has received support from national policies, and is welcomed by an increasing number of consumers.	在消费升级和自由行盛行的大背景下，自驾游受到国家政策的鼓励以及越来越多消费者的喜爱。
At the same time however, the self drive travel market, the size of which is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion, is confronted with twin challenges. On the one hand, the development of the self drive travel industry is out of step with market demand. Self drive travel organizers such as self drive clubs and travel agents are confronted with meager profits. On the other hand, self drive travel ae confronted with infrastructure and services that are still in their infant stages.	但与此同时，有望突破万亿规模的自驾游市场却也面临着双重挑战，一方面自驾游产业的发展与市场需求不成正比，自驾游俱乐部以及旅行社等自驾游组织者面临着盈利微薄的困境；另一方面，自驾游所面对的基础设施和服务也还处于初级阶段。
Accounting for 60% of total tourists in domestic tourism, with market size expected to exceed RMB1 trillion	占国内游总人次60％，市场规模有望破万亿
In 2016, domestic tourism numbered some 4.44 billion persons, with self drive travel accounting for approximately 60% of total tourists in domestic tourism. By 2020, the size of the self drive travel market is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion.	2016年全年国内旅游44．4亿人次，自驾游占据国内旅游总人次的60％左右，到2020年自驾游市场规模有望突破万亿。
Statistics concerning the number of persons engaged in self drive travel published by China Tourism Automobile And Cruise Association showed that the number of persons engaged in self drive travel has continued to grow over the last five years. The share of such tourists as a proportion to domestic tourists has stabilized at above 50%.	据中国旅游车船协会对自驾车出游人数的统计情况来看，近五年来自驾出游人数持续增长，出游人数占国内旅游人数比例稳定在半数以上。
At the same time, all regions as well as the State have shown greater concern and support for self drive tourism, this new emerging sector. From 2016 to 2017, a slew of policies and regulations relevant to vehicles for self drive travel, and motorhome and camping tourism have been promulgated.	与此同时，各地区以及国家层面对自驾游这一新兴领域表现出了更多的关注和扶持，2016年到2017年，与自驾车、旅居车和露营旅游有关的政策法规密集出台。
In July 2017, eight government agencies including the China National Tourism Administration and the State General Administration of Sports jointly issued the “Plans for the Development of Automobile Campsites for Self Drive Sports”. In the same month, in the “Action Plan for Advancing Quality Enhancement and Upgrading in Rural Travel Development (2017)“ jointly printed and circulated by 14 government agencies including the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, self drive travel was mentioned as a priority.	2017年7月，国家旅游局、国家体育总局等八部门联合发布了《汽车自驾运动营地发展规划》；同月，发改委、财政部等14个部门联合印发的《促进乡村旅游发展提质升级行动方案（2017年）》中，自驾游被重点提及。
The introduction of policy measures has provided opportunities and policy guidance for the development of domestic self drive travel.	政策的出台，为国内自驾游发展提供了机遇与政策引导。
Self drive travel clubs make meager profits; complete industry chain is key	自驾游俱乐部盈利微薄，完整产业链是关键
Although there is enormous potential in the self drive travel market, and active guidance from national policy measures, the self drive travel industry is still at its infancy stage.	虽然国内的自驾游市场潜力巨大，国家政策积极引导，但自驾游行业仍然处在初级阶段。
According to the “2016-2017 Annual Report on the Development of China’s Self Drive Travel Industry”, domestic self drive travel clubs, automobile clubs and automobile enthusiasts clubs number in the thousands, tourists who arrange their own travel itinerary account for a larger proportion. The proportion of tourists who join automobile enthusiasts clubs, self drive travel clubs and other such entities only account for about 15%.	据《2016－2017中国自驾游年度发展报告》显示，国内自驾游俱乐部、汽车俱乐部、车友会等达到数千家，但游客自助安排自驾出游的比例却占据大部分，参加车友会、自驾游俱乐部等各类机构的游客占比只15％左右。
Meanwhile, there are only a handful of online tour companies and traditional travel agencies that develop proprietary products for self drive travel. Many online travel platforms only sell self drive travel products provided by some suppliers. Some self drive travel clubs are also key suppliers.	同时，自主研发自驾游产品的在线旅游企业和传统旅行社也是屈指可数，很多在线旅游平台上售卖的只是一些供应商提供的自驾游产品，一些自驾游俱乐部也是重要的供应商。
In terms of organizing self drive travel activities, this encompass various aspects including “board, lodging, transport, travel, shopping, entertainment”. Fragmentation is high, and upstream supply chain heavy. There is also significant randomness in tourist spending.	从组织自驾游活动来说，涵盖了“吃、住、行、游、购、娱”多个方面，碎片化程度高，上游供应链重，游客消费随机性大。
Li Guanjie, founder and CEO of Beijing XTX Auto Club, believes that self drive travel clubs are similar to travel agencies in essence. The primary earnings model at the initial stage are mainly based on offline activities. The core areas are self drive travel route products and guide services.	北京行天下汽车俱乐部创始人兼CEO李冠杰认为自驾游俱乐部本质上和旅行社是类似的，早期的主要盈利模式都是以线下活动为主，核心点是自驾游线路产品和领队服务。
However, there is significant product homogeneity in route products within the self drive sector, and the standard of guide services is mixed. Self drive travel clubs are again confronted with the need to restructure.	但是如今自驾游领域内线路产品同质化严重、领队服务水平参差不齐，自驾游俱乐部面临着再次转型的需求。
It is quite apparent that self drive travel is not an independent industry in and of itself. Rather, it is an inter-regional and -industry ecosystem based on movement characteristics of self drive travel. The creation of a complete industry chain is key.	可以看出，自驾游本身并不是一个独立的产业，而是以其自驾游的位移特点形成了一个跨地域、行业的生态圈，形成完整的产业链十分重要。
Experts have pointed out that in addition to basic tourist consumption, experience is a more important consumption element.	专家指出，除了基本的旅游消费外，体验是更重要的消费元素。
Hence, with regards to the development of the self drive travel industry, the experience feature should be enhanced. A “self drive travel +” theme as well as self drive travel product IP should be developed.	因此，对于自驾游行业发展，应增强体验特征，发展“自驾游＋”主题以及自驾游产品的IP。
Scenic routes are not merely roads, and automobile campsites should not merely meet board and lodging requirements	风景道不仅是道路，汽车营地不应只满足食宿
Confronted with the rise in self drive travel, the development of self drive travel infrastructure is similarly still fairly rudimentary.	面对自驾游兴起，自驾游的基础配套发展同样也还比较初级。
Li Guanjie pointed out that scenic travel routes are not merely a road. Rather, traffic and tourism elements should be integrated into it. However, building roads and tourism are the responsibility of two separate department. The increase in tourism element by transport departments are still stuck at the level of building rest rooms, information centers, publicity bulletin boards and other such facilities. Their degree of bonding with the tourism is low.	李冠杰指出，旅游风景道不只是一条路而已，而是需要将交通跟旅游的元素都融合在里面，但是修公路和做旅游本身是两个部门来负责，交通部门增加旅游元素，也还停留在建设厕所、咨询中心、宣传栏等设施，与旅游的结合度还不高。
These could draw lessons from the building experience of the renowned self drive route of “US Route 66”,	对比知名的自驾游路线“美国66公路”，建设经验值得借鉴。
The design of scenic routes is no longer the most direct and fastest route from the place of origin to the destination but adhering to the design concept of “experience the joy of driving” so as to provide self drive travelers the best enjoyment of beautiful scenery along the route. Scenic routes are able to connect spots and facets of the travel landscape. These would help retain the historical value and cultural value of the eco-tourism resources along the route. Meanwhile, various thematic activities may also be held to enhance tourist participation and recreation experience, creating economic benefit for the local tourism industry.	风景道设计不再是出发地到目的地之间最直接快捷的路径，而是遵从“体验驾车乐趣”的设计理念，为自驾游客提供欣赏沿路美景的最佳享受；风景道能够将点状、面状旅游景观相联结，既保留了沿线生态旅游资源的历史价值和文化价值，也能举办各类主题性活动增强游客的参与性与游憩体验，为当地旅游业创造经济效益。
In addition to scenic routes, campsites are also important supporting facilities for self drive travel.	除了风景道之外，营地也是自驾游的重要配套设施。
However, a Beijing News reporter understands from self drive travelers that few consumers would choose to stay at campsites.	但新京报记者所了解的自驾游游客中，选择在营地住宿的消费者不多。
They believe that many campsites are infrastructure and can only meet board and lodging requirements. Considered low class with dull product features, they are unable to meet the multi-faceted demands of self drive travel.	他们认为，很多营地偏向于基础建设，只能满足吃住，档次不高，产品单一，无法满足自驾游这种包含很多元素的需求。
An industry insider who wished to remain anonymous said that a few years ago, enterprises operate campsite mostly for the purpose of acquiring land. After they acquire the land, follow-up development of complementary infrastructure and services have not caught up. These operators are loss-making, and do not have later-stage capital injection. Hence, providing corresponding complementary products proved very difficult.	有不愿透露姓名的业内人士表示，前几年做营地的企业很多是为了拿地，拿地以后，后期的配套的基础设施建设和服务都没有跟上，经营状况很多都是亏损，而没有后期的资金注入，很难做一些相应的配套产品。
Consumer groups	消费群
Data published by the China Tourism Automobile And Cruise Association in 2017 showed that in terms of age, self drive travelers are concentrated in the 21-40 age group, mostly in the 31-40 cohort. This group has a certain level of income, and are relatively demanding in terms of customized travel. Many are family oriented customers.	据中国旅游车船协会2017年发布的数据显示，从年龄上来看，自驾游群体集中在21－40岁，其中尤以31－40岁为主，这部分人群拥有一定的经济基础，并且对个性化旅游的需求度较高，且多为亲子游客户。
A survey in lodging revealed that self drive travelers prefer non-standard lodging.	从住宿调查看，自驾游人群相对更加偏好非标准住宿。
In terms of self drive travel categories, driving in neighboring areas is the predominant category, accounting for 84. 32%.	从自驾游类型来看，周边自驾是自驾游的最主要类型，占比84．32％。
Self drive travel overseas is a dream for many, but the proportion is still relatively small.	出境自驾是很多人的向往，但占比还较小。
Meanwhile, with higher consumption demand, tourists who enjoyed self drive “tour of sights” have begun to change their opinion. Instead of “alighting to take photos, and boarding to sleep” during the self drive travel process, they are now more concerned with the travel experience and process.	同时随着消费需求的提升，过去喜欢自驾“游览景点”的游客开始转变观念，不再是自驾游过程中“下车拍照、上车睡觉”，而是更加关注旅行的体验和过程。
Dinosaur used camouflage to evade its enemies	恐龙利用伪装躲避敌人
At first glance, it looks like a statue albeit a terrifying one.	乍一看，它挺可怕的，但看起来却像一尊雕像。
Now researchers have revealed the first findings from the incredible rhino-sized creature found by a Canadian miner were so well preserved experts have described it as 'the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs'.	研究人员公布了有关加拿大矿工发现的如犀牛般大小的、不可思议的生物化石的首个研究成果，指出这个化石保存完好，因此，专家们将其称为“恐龙界的蒙娜丽莎””。
It was so well preserved, they were even able to determine the colour of its scaly skin was a reddish brown - and say it had something of a 'troubled past'.	这尊化石保存得非常完好，甚至能够断定其鳞状皮肤的颜色为红棕色。这说明它有过一些“烦恼的经历”。
The report in the journal Current Biology described it as 'the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found, and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.'	《当代生物学》杂志中的相关报道将其描述为“有史以来发现的保存最完好的披甲恐龙，也是世界上最好的恐龙标本之一。”
The fossil is a newfound species of nodosaur, which lived midway through the Cretaceous period, between 110 million and 112 million years ago.	该化石是一种新发现的结节龙种类，其生活在 1.1 亿至 1.12 亿年前的白垩纪中期。
It's incredible well preserved state has stunned researchers, who describe it as 'truly remarkable'	其保存状态极为完好，震惊了研究人员，他们形容它“真的令人叹为观止”。
The armoured plant-eater is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found, according to reports in National Geographic.	据《国家地理杂志》报道，该种草食披甲恐龙化石是有史以来发现的保存最完好的同类恐龙化石。
It was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.	2011 年 3 月 21 日，肖恩?芬克 (Shawn Funk) 在加拿大艾伯塔省北部麦克默里堡附近的森科尔千禧矿场挖矿时发现了这具化石。
He hit something which seemed out of place from the surrounding rock, and decided to take a closer look.	当时，他碰到某种似乎与周围岩石不大一样的东西，于是，他决定仔细地看了一下。
The fossil he uncovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology.	之后，他所发现的化石被送往到加拿大皇家泰瑞尔古生物博物馆。
They spent the next six years working on uncovering the beast within the 2,500-pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.	研究人员耗时 6 年时间才使藏在2500磅（1100 公斤）的土块内部的这具野兽露出真面目。
After all that hard work, the finished result is now ready to be unveiled.	经过这么艰辛的工作，最终的结果现在才得以公布。
'If you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping,' said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.	“如果你觑着眼看，你几乎会相信它正在睡觉”，皇家泰瑞尔博物馆科学家、第一作者迦勒?布朗 (Caleb Brown) 说道。该生物就在该展览馆展出
'It will go down in science history as one of the most beautiful and best preserved dinosaur specimens - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs.'	“它将成为科学史上最美丽，保存最完好的恐龙标本之一 - 恐龙界中的蒙娜丽莎。”
By studying its skin, researchers found that this plant-eater, though covered in armor and resembling a walking tank, likely faced a significant threat from meat-eating dinosaurs.	研究人员通过研究其皮肤，发现这种草食生物虽然身披盔甲，就像步行坦克一样，但有可能会受到来自食肉恐龙的重大威胁。
The heavily armoured dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators, and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern-day animals.	该种身披重甲的恐龙使用红白伪装来躲避捕食者，并采用被称为“反荫蔽”的隐蔽术，这种手段也被许多现代动物所使用。
This would have allowed it to better blend into its surroundings and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting it was preyed on by larger dinosaurs.	专家表示，通过这种方式，它能够更好地与周围环境融为一体，从而避开敌人，这表明它被更大的恐龙所捕食。
The 110-million-year-old creature, part of the nodosaur family, first hit headlines in May and is now on view at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.	这个拥有 1.1 亿年历史的生物属于结节龙家族的一员，在 5 月份首次成为头条新闻，目前正在皇家泰瑞尔古生物博物馆上展出。
Researchers have now studied and named the beast Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours painstakingly uncovering it.	作为团队成员之一的博物馆技术人员马克?米切尔 (Mark Mitchell) 耗时 7000 个小时精心地揭开该巨兽的面纱后，研究人员现在对其进行研究，并将其命名为“Borealopelta markmitchelli”。
The amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armour across its body.	样本保存极为完好，从而使得米切尔博士，以及国际科学家团队可以对其身上的鳞片和铠甲的图案和形状进行记录。
They discovered countershading, a common method of defence in the animal kingdom, which means the top of the creature was darker than its underside.	他们发现了“反荫蔽”术，这是动物界中一种常见的防御方式，这意味着该种生物的背部比其侧面的颜色更暗。
Although countershading is common, the findings come as surprise because Borealopelta's size far exceeds that of countershaded animals alive today.	尽管“反荫蔽”术很常见，但发现的结果却令人惊讶，因为该种恐龙的体型远远超过了采用反荫蔽术的现有动物。
It suggests the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure meat-eating dinosaurs that evolution favoured concealment over confrontation as a means of survival.	这种恐龙面临被肉食恐龙猎杀的压力，从而朝有利的方向进化，使其能够在对垒中隐藏起来，以此作为生存的手段。
But most contemporary animals that have countershading -- think deer, zebras or armadillos -- are much smaller and more vulnerable as prey, signaling that this nodosaur faced a real struggle to survive.	但是，现存的大多数采用反荫蔽术的动物，比如鹿，斑马或者犰狳等，都像猎物一样小和脆弱，这表明该生物面临着真正的生存压力。
'Strong predation on a massive, heavily-armored dinosaur illustrates just how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous must have been,' said Brown.	“大型重甲恐龙遭受疯狂捕食表明，白垩纪的食肉恐龙是多么危险”，布朗说。
Chemical analysis of organic compounds in its scales also reveal that the dinosaur's skin would have been reddish brown.	针对其鳞片中有机复合物的化学分析同样表明该恐龙的皮肤颜色为红棕色。
Scientists are continuing to study the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved gut contents to find out what it ate for its last meal.	科学家们正在继续研究该生物的生命线索，包括其所保留的胃含物以找出最后进食的食物。
They believe that when the dinosaur died, it fell into a river and was swept out to sea, where it sank on its back to the ocean floor.	他们认为，恐龙在死亡时堕入河流中，随后被冲进大海，最后以背朝下的方式沉入海底。
At that time, Alberta was as warm as south Florida is today, and rivers and oceans likely spread far further inland than they do now.	当时，艾伯塔省的气候和今天佛罗里达州南部的气候一样温暖，河流和海洋可能比现在更加深入内陆。
'This nodosaur is truly remarkable in that it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, yet is also preserved in three dimensions, retaining the original shape of the animal,' said Brown.	布朗说：“这种结节龙真正令人惊叹，因为它被保存的鳞状皮肤完全覆盖，而且，至今被保存在维空间里，从而使其原始形状得以保存。”
'The result is that the animal looks almost the same today as it did back in the Early Cretaceous.	“因此，该种生物现在的形状和白垩纪时的形状几乎一样。
You don't need to use much imagination to reconstruct it; if you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping.'	你无需用太多的想象力来重建它；如果你觑着眼看，你几乎会相信它正在睡觉。”
The Cretaceous was a time when giant theropods, meat-eating dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the Earth.	白垩纪时期是两足行走的大型兽脚类恐龙在地球上漫游的时期。
Although the king of them all, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armoured dinosaur may have been hunted by some of its formidable ancestors.	尽管霸王龙是恐龙中的王者，但是，它在披甲恐龙之后数百万年才出现。披甲恐龙可能已经被霸王龙的一些祖先捕杀了。
They include Acrocanthosaurus, a 38ft (11.5m) long monster weighing six tonnes.	它们包括高棘龙，一种重达 6 吨、长 38 英尺（11.5 米）的巨兽。
The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe Borealopelta was washed out to sea after it died and mummified in mud.	最新研究发现出现在《当代生物学》杂志上的科学家们相信，结节龙死后被冲到海里，之后在泥土中形成了木乃伊。
The creature was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.	2011 年 3 月 21 日，肖恩?芬克在加拿大阿尔伯塔省麦克默里堡附近的千禧矿场挖掘到该生物。
According to the museum, it is the best preserved armoured dinosaur in the world, including skin and armour, and is complete from the snout to hips.	据博物馆介绍，它是世界上保存最完好的披甲恐龙，从鼻子到臀部的区域中的皮肤和盔甲等都是完整的。
The creatures were around 18 feet (five metres) long on average, and weighted up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).	这种生物平均长约 18 英尺（5 米），重达 3000 磅（1300 公斤） 。
It featured two 20-inch-long spikes which protruded from its shoulders.	它有两个 20 英寸长的、从肩部突起的尖角。
The researchers believe that the this armored plant-eater lumbered through what is now western Canada, until a flooded river swept it into open sea.	研究人员认为，这种草食披甲恐龙在现在的加拿大西部地区活动，之后被爆发洪水的河流冲入大海。
But the dinosaur's undersea burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.	但是，这种恐龙葬身海底使其披甲得以完整保存。
The fossilised remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that remnants of skin still cover bumpy armour plates along the dinosaur's skull.	这种特殊样本的化石遗骸保存非常完好，使残留的皮肤仍然覆盖着恐龙头骨上凹凸不平的甲片。
As Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such level of preservation 'is a rare as winning the lottery.	正如迈克尔?格瑞斯考 (Michael Greshko) 在《国家地理》杂志上所写的那样，这种保存程度就像中彩一样，是十分罕见的。
The more I look at it, the more mind-boggling it becomes.	我越看越觉得它令人难以置信。
Fossilized remnants of skin still cover the bumpy armor plates dotting the animal's skull.	残留的皮肤化石仍然覆盖在恐龙颅骨上斑驳的盔甲之上。
Its right forefoot lies by its side, its five digits splayed upward.	它的右前掌位于其侧面，五个足趾向上展开。
I can count the scales on its sole.'	我可以将其甲片统计出来。”
Reporters understand that adding alginate, humic acid and amino acid nutrient carriers of natural or plant sources into the production process of urea would change modify and enhance the benefit of traditional urea. The alginate urea, zinc fulvate urea and aminoglutanic acid urea nitrogen utilization rate was 5 to 10 percentage points higher than general urea.	记者了解到，将天然或植物源的海藻酸类、腐植酸类和氨基酸类增效载体加入到尿素生产工艺中可对传统尿素进行改性增效，形成的海藻酸尿素、锌腐酸尿素、禾谷素尿素氮素利用率较普通尿素提高5～10个百分点。
In a positive environment, an increase in crop yield potential will be significant; in particular, large value-added urea pallets are quality raw materials for bulk blending fertilizer.	环境友好，作物增产潜力明显，尤其大颗粒增值尿素更是BB肥的优质原料。
The total number of security personnel is double that of the 2012 London Olympics.	这一安保人员总数要比2012年伦敦奥运会的安保人数多出一倍。
In order to ensure the safety of the Rio Olympics, Brazil will start the largest ever security linkage plan.	为确保里约奥运会的安全，巴西将启动有史以来最大规模的安保联动计划。
Earlier, Brazil government has said that a total of 85,000 troops and polices, including 20,000 troops and 65,000 polices, will fight together for the security of the Olympics.	之前，巴西政府表示，来自军队和警察的总共8.5万人将协同作战，其中包括2万名军人和6.5万名警察。
Most troops will be responsible for safeguarding the Olympic venues, while the new 3,000 troops will be responsible for the security of international airports, subway stations and streets.	大部分军人将负责保卫奥运场馆，而新增的3000名军人将负责国际机场、地铁站和街道的安保工作。
The polices will patrol around other areas of the city, including subways, buses and streets.	警察则在城市其他地方巡逻，包括地铁、公交和街道。
It is reported that 6,000 soldiers have arrived in Rio and provided security services for the Olympics.	据悉，目前已经有6000名军人抵达里约为奥运安保服务。
In addition to the four competition areas, they will also patrol airports and main roads connecting airports to the Olympic venues.	他们除了负责里约奥运会的四大赛区外，还负责在机场以及连接机场和奥运场馆的主要道路上巡逻。
Appraisal mechanisms in the services sector are nothing new. The key to having these appraisal mechanisms play an effective role is to have more effective supervision, rather than being a mere formality.	服务行业引入评价机制早已不是新鲜事，要想使评价机制发挥实效，重要的是让监管更有效，不流于形式。
How one activist came to learn the answer to the question: 'Whose Streets?'	激进主义分子如何学习回答这个问题：“谁的街道？”
On Aug. 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to her core.	2014 年 8 月 9 日，布列塔尼·费雷尔内心惶惑不安。
Just a day after arriving in New York City on a trip, the St. Louis native sat on the bed of an Airbnb she was renting, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.	在抵达纽约市旅行的第一天，这位圣路易斯人就坐在爱彼迎租住床上，在手机上浏览脸谱网。
She stumbled upon a post from someone from high school.	她偶然发现一位高中生的帖子。
"The police just killed an 18 year old kid and he's still laying in the street," it read.	上面写道“警察刚杀死一个 18 岁的孩子，孩子还躺在街上”。
Confused, noticing no one else on her feed had posted the information, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.	她发现馈送信息上没有其他人发布这条信息，她感到很困惑。她关了脸谱网，打开推特。
A user with the handle @TheePharoah was being constantly retweeted onto her timeline.	一位 @TheePharoah 用户不断给她推送动态时报。
The St. Louis-area rapper was live-tweeting the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.	圣路易斯地区的说唱歌手现场推特直播迈克尔·布朗的死亡事件。迈克尔·布朗是一名未携带武器的 18 岁黑人，在密苏里州弗格森被一名白人警察打死。
He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out in the street, where it would stay for four hours.	他贴了一张布朗失去生命体征的身体躺在街上的图片，他的尸体在街上躺了四个小时。
"This is wild," Ferrell thought to herself.	“疯了，”费雷尔心想。
But death was nothing new for her and her community.	但对她和她所在的社区来说，死亡并不是什么新鲜事。
She put down her phone only to return later that evening to tweets about people gathering on Canfield Drive.	她放下手机，直到当天晚上才再次打开推特，读到关于坎菲尔德大道众人聚集的推文。
There were photos of police tape and people yelling, and of a guy claiming to be Brown's father holding a sign that read, "Ferguson police just killed my unarmed son!"	有警察录像和人们叫喊的照片，还有一个自称是布朗父亲的人的照片，上面写着：“弗格森警察刚刚杀死了我手无寸铁的儿子！”
She watched a live feed where a police officer stood in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.	她看到一条现场馈送消息，一名警察用带着一条吠犬站在一群抗议者面前。
In another video, a different cop, she said, cocked his rifle and screamed, "I'll kill all you ... animals."	她说，在另一个视频中，另一名警察举起他的步枪尖叫道：“我会杀死你们所有人......畜牲。”
"'This is not usual,'" Ferrell recalled saying.	“这不正常，”费雷尔回忆时说道。
"'This isn't the type of murder that we've become used to and can call typical.'	“这不是我们习以为常的、可以称之为典型的谋杀事件。”
In that moment I felt chills.	那一刻，我感到不寒而栗。
I was angry and crying."	我很生气，气哭了。”
She booked a return flight and went home the next day.	她预定了回程航班，第二天就回家了。
After landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her dad's house and decided the two of them would head to Ferguson the next morning.	下午 11 点着陆后，她从父亲家接走了 6 岁的女儿，决定两人第二天早上前往弗格森。
What happened, to Ferrell and to Ferguson in the following almost three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?," in theaters Aug. 11.	在接下来的三年里，费雷尔和弗格森发生了什么事情，就是 8 月 11 日在影院上映的一部新纪录片“谁的街道？”的主题。
It's a tale of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience from the vantage point of the people who live in the community and packed the streets demanding answers.	这是一个有关从居住在这个社区、挤满大街小巷要求获得答案的人们的角度，讲述生存和抗议、爱和失落、力量和坚韧的故事。
As Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a floral dress and matching crown, the two revisited a conversation they'd had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and black condition."	费雷尔和女儿（穿着花裙子、带着冠冕配饰）一起开车去弗格森时，两人重新讨论了她们在那天早上之前讨论过无数次的话题--“关于黑人经历和黑人状况”。
"You remember how I taught you about when black people had to fight for what they believed in?" she recalled saying.	“你还记得我教过你什么时候黑人不得不为自己的信仰而战吗？”她回忆道。
"We're going to Ferguson right now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.	“我们现在要去弗格森，因为警方杀死了一名 18 岁的男孩，这是不对的。
I couldn't not take her," Ferrell said later.	我不得不带上她，”费雷尔后来说。
"This happening today is a culmination of ... that has happened in the past.	“今天发生的事情是过去所有事情的......高潮。
She needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.	她要知道、看到并且从这件事中崛起。
She needs to be well developed in the area of not just activism and organizing but knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black condition and what we must do to get free, to free ourselves.	她不仅需要在激进主义和组织方面发展良好，而且要了解黑人经历和黑人状况的不同层面，了解我们必须做什么才能获得自由和解放。
Even if I'm fortunate enough to provide her an experience where she doesn't personally experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.	即使我有幸为她提供她没有亲身体验过的种族主义经历，她与别的黑人女孩也没有什么不同。
I feel like I would be doing her a disservice to shield her from that."	如果我在这件事情上保护她，我觉得我是在伤害她。”
The first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a site across from the police department that became a campground of sorts as the activists awaited word of Officer Darren Wilson's eventual non-indictment.	他们抵达弗格森的第一站位于南佛罗里桑路警察局对面的一个场地。激进分子等到警官达伦·威尔逊最终不予起诉的结果后，这个场地就成为了他们的营地。
There Ferrell and her daughter linked up with a local business owner who was making sack lunches.	费雷尔和她女儿与一位做袋装午餐的当地企业老板联系上。
They prepared bags and helped pass them out to protesters.	他们准备了袋子，负责将袋子传给抗议者。
Slowly, a new type of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.	慢慢地，费雷尔开始形成一种新型的行动主义。
"My activism completely transformed after Aug. 9," she said, noting that while an undergrad at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student Nurses Assn. and focused on food justice and health disparities in black communities.	她说道，“我的激进主义在 8 月 9 日之后彻底改变了。”在密苏里州立大学圣路易斯分校就读本科时，她是少数民族护士生协会主席，关注黑人社区的粮食正义与健康差距问题。
"I had no experience in organizing.	“我没有组织经验。
It all just came."	这一切就这么来了。”
Weeks later, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors, during an evening demonstration.	几周之后，费雷尔在一场夜间游行中与影片联合导演萨巴赫·福莱扬会面。
Folayan said she and her director of photography Lucas Alvarado-Farrar "just wanted to document" what was happening.	福莱扬说她和她的摄影导演卢卡斯·阿尔瓦拉多·法勒“只是想记录”发生了什么。
A question came to Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story that you can exploit?"	费雷尔脑海中浮现一个问题：“你是想记录还是想找到一个你可以加以利用的故事？”
That skepticism was informed by countless instances of people - often white - coming into a community to profit off its pain and resilience.	这种怀疑来源于很多这种案例：人们 - 通常是白人 - 进入一个社区，以从其痛苦和坚韧中获得利益。
As Folayan explained in a recent interview, "We had heard that people who are born and raised in Ferguson were not having their voices centered, and we wanted to do it differently."	正如福莱扬在最近一次采访中所解释的那样，“我们听说在弗格森土生土长的人们没有集中他们的声音，而我们想要以不同的方式去做。”
Folayan had already linked up with co-director Damon Davis, an area artist known for his activism around death row inmates.	福莱扬已经与联合导演戴蒙·戴维斯联系上。戴蒙·戴维斯是一位以针对死囚犯的激进主义而闻名的地区艺术家。
His involvement endeared Ferrell to the project, along with six other locals the "Whose Streets?" team followed in the years after Brown's shooting.	他的参与使费雷尔和其他六位当地人一起加入了“谁的街道？”项目团队，在布朗遭枪击之后几年中一直不离不弃。
"This documentary is not somebody speaking for us or speaking to us, it's us speaking," Davis said.	“这部纪录片不是有人为我们说话或与我们谈话，这是我们的发言。”戴维斯说。
"That was the main thing for me, how these people will be represented, because that's how I will be represented."	“我主要关注这些人物如何呈现，因为这也是我被呈现的方式。”
While the goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - in an effort to show that the movement is "not about a messiah leader but a community coming together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open of the film's participants.	尽管目标不是关注费雷尔的经历 – 而是展现这次运动“不是关于救世主领导者，而是关于社区凝聚力”，福莱扬说 – 事实证明她是电影参与者中最开放的。
As a result, "Whose Streets?" documents surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, like falling in love and marrying her wife.	结果，“谁的街道？”令人惊讶地记录了费雷尔的个人生活，比如坠入爱河、步入结婚。
"I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing about the first time she saw the finished product.	“我感觉自己赤裸裸的，”费雷尔第一次看到成品时大笑起来。
"But I understood that with doing this work and humanizing black folks, there has to be a level of vulnerability."	“但我明白，做这项工作并将黑人人性化，必须要有一定程度的脆弱性。”
Moreover, Ferrell's story reiterates and re-centers the role of black queer women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.	此外，费雷尔的故事重申并重新定位了黑人酷儿女性在更广泛的黑人生活事件运动中的角色。
Two of the movement's three founders - who coined #BlackLivesMatter on social media in the aftermath of the 2012 killing of black teen Trayvon Martin - identify as queer.	该运动三位创始人中的两位 -- 在 2012 年黑人青少年特雷沃恩·马丁枪击案之后在社交媒体上创造了#BlackLivesMatter -- 被认定为酷儿。
"Black queer women in leadership has sustained the movement overall," said Ferrell, "and that's because we're constantly at battle on multiple fronts.	“领导层中的黑人酷儿女性总体上支撑了这一运动，”费雷尔说，“那是因为我们在多个战线上不断战斗。
Black queer women have to bear the brunt of it all."	黑人酷儿女性必须承受这一切。”
Folayan agreed noting that "the movement is really upheld by black women and a lot of queer black women."	福莱扬同意并提到“这个运动真的得到了黑人女性和许多黑人酷儿女性的支持。”
She insists, however, that "this is not some affirmative action type of thing" where Ferrell was chosen as the film's heart because of her identities.	因为她的身份，费雷尔被选为影片的核心。然而，她坚称“这不是对为事情的肯定行动”。
"She was the person who was galvanizing this energy," she said.	“她是激发这种能量的人，”她说。
"It's not a coincidence though she was on the front lines, because living life at those intersections as a black queer woman, you have so much on the line.	“虽然她在前线，但这并不是巧合。因为在这些十字路口的生活中，作为一个黑人酷儿女性，你有很多事情要做。
You can feel her energy through the screen."	通过荧幕，你可以感受到她的能量。”
Meanwhile, back in Ferguson, the news cameras are long gone but fraught racial ties between the community and police persist.	与此同时，在弗格森，新闻摄影机早已消失，但社区和警方之间紧张的种族关系依然存在。
Ferrell is on probation for 2½ more years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.	由于在一次游行期间试图封锁高速公路，费雷尔被判两年半以上缓刑。
She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home simply: "A mess."	她描述她称之为家的地区的社会政治氛围：“一团糟。”
Still, she clings to a chant she's committed to memory since taking to Ferguson's streets a full three years ago.	尽管如此，自从三年前走上弗格森街头时，她一直坚持自己努力铭记的圣歌。
"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.	“我们有责任为自由而战。
It is our duty to win.	我们有责任赢得胜利。
We must love and support each other.	我们必须相亲相爱相互支持。
We have nothing to lose but our chains."	我们再无可失，除了身上的枷锁。”
Online translation services were actually already available on the Internet a decade ago, and in fact, a very long time ago, there was a prevalent view that “machines will replace human translation”.	事实上，十年之前网络上就已经提供在线翻译服务了，而其实在很早以前，关于“机器即将替代人类进行翻译”的论调就不绝于耳。
A Becoming Resemblance: artist creates portraits using Chelsea Manning's DNA	相似之处：艺术家使用切尔西?曼宁 (Chelsea Manning) 的 DNA 创作肖像
In the center of the room at New York's Fridman Gallery are multiple faces - white, black and brown, each bearing an almost imperceptible resemblance to one another - suspended on wires from the ceiling.	在纽约弗里德曼美术馆的展馆中央有多个面孔：白色、黑色和棕色的，每个面孔之间都有着几乎难以察觉的相似之处,这些面孔则由从天花板上垂下的线绳系着。
The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and hair clippings sent to her by Chelsea Manning.	这30幅肖像画是由艺术家希瑟?杜威?哈格堡 (Dewey-Hagborg) 使用切尔西?曼宁寄给她的脸颊棉签和头发碎屑进行创作的。
Manning sent the clippings from the Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year sentence after famously leaking classified diplomatic cables through the website WikiLeaks.	曼宁从利文沃斯堡监狱寄出头发碎屑，因通过维基解密网站泄露了机密外交电报，该名前情报分析人员被判处在此服刑35年。
The new exhibition, which opened on 2 August, is titled A Becoming Resemblance.	展览于 8 月 2 日开幕，标题是“相似之处”。
It's the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combines her expertise in technology, computer science and art, and Manning, a trans woman and pioneering dissident whose sentence was commuted by Barack Obama when he had just three days left in office.	这是两年来杜威?哈格堡和曼宁的通信的成果，杜威?哈格堡将其学科与自己在技术、计算机科学和艺术相结合，而曼宁是一个著名的不同政见者，曾入狱，并在狱中完成了变性手术。美国前总统奥巴马在任期结束前三天，赦免了她剩余的刑罚。
By algorithmically analyzing DNA extracted from Manning and using it to create 30 portraits of what someone with that genomic data might look like, Dewey-Hagborg has created a trenchant, if somewhat cerebral, commentary on not only the malleability of DNA data - the many ways it can be interpreted, and the inherent determinism of those interpretations - but also identity.	通过从曼宁的 DNA 进行算法分析，并且以此创建了“很可能出现的外表”的 30 幅肖像。希瑟杜威·哈博格以此做出了一个尖刻又略有点无情的评论。他的评论既是对于 DNA 的多意性的，也是对于身份这一概念本身的。
Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about identifying as a woman as early as adolescence, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six Espionage Act violations, computer fraud and theft.	曼宁出生时的名字叫布拉德利·爱德华 (Bradley Edward) ，曾公开承认在青春期就认为自己是一名女性。于 2013 年被定罪，涉及20项指控，其中包括 6 起间谍法违规行为，计算机欺诈和盗窃罪。
From prison, her image was repressed, so much so that there was just one photo - a granular, black-and-white selfie in which Manning, visibly uneasy, sits in a driver's seat wearing a platinum blonde wig - with which she became associated.	在狱中，她的形象是被抑制的，只有一张照片，具有颗粒感的黑白自拍照，看起来明显的不安，坐在驾驶座上，戴着铂金色的假发。
In 2015, Dewey-Hagborg was coming off the massive success of her 2012 project, Stranger Visions.	2015 年，希瑟杜威·哈博格在她 2012 年的项目《陌生人的脸 (Stranger Visions) 》中取得了巨大的成功。
In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the detritus to conjure an image of what these folks might look like.	那件作品中，她使用从烟蒂和口香糖中等法院物证,从碎屑中提取到的 DNA，创建可能相似长相的 3D 人物肖像。
That was when she received an email from Paper Magazine.	那是她正好收到来自 Paper 杂志的一封电子邮件。
"They were conducting an interview with Chelsea Manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany that article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.	“他们想要采访在监狱里的切尔西·曼宁，并且需要一张肖像照 ”， 希瑟杜威·哈博格在展览开幕式上对媒体说道。
And she couldn't be visited and she couldn't be photographed at that time, so they reached out to Chelsea and asked if she'd be interested in having a DNA portrait made.	当时切尔西·曼宁不能参观，也不能拍照，所以他们联系切尔西，询问她是否有兴趣制作 DNA 肖像。
The artist and her incarcerated muse became unlikely pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.	于是，这位艺术家和她那被监禁的缪斯成为了本不可能的笔友，在两年的时间里相互交换了许多封信。
They even created a comic book, Suppressed Images, illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, that envisioned a future where the president would commute Chelsea's sentence and she'd be able to see the exhibition in person.	他们甚至创作了一本漫画书《压抑的头像》，由 Shoili Kanungo 所绘制。该漫画书预想总统将来可以对曼宁准许特权，她能够在狱中看到展览。
That Obama would indeed call for Manning's release just days after the book went public was a welcome sort of serendipity after seven brutal years at a military prison in Kansas.	而奥巴马就在书出版后的几天要求将她获释。这或许是一场机缘巧合，当时曼宁在堪萨斯军事监狱正好度过了第七个年头。
There's also something profound and powerful about the exhibition opening now, as Donald Trump wages war on government leakers and transgender troops while finding new, tweetable ways to further inflame the stark divisions he's been called on to mend.	此外，这个展览也有另一层深意。因为当代美国，特朗普政府不断地对政府泄密者和变性军人宣战，同时寻找新的、可以在推特上炒作的方式，来赤裸裸地煽动分裂，而这个展览正是要弥合这样的分裂。
When asked about the peculiar timing of it all, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason."	当被问及这一切特殊的时机，希瑟杜威·哈博格说，“任何事情的发生都有原因”。
In an artist statement written on the gallery's wall, Manning's super-sized signature below it (the "i" in her last name dotted with a heart), called for an end to the "automatic factionalism that gender, race, sexuality, and culture have been the basis of."	在画廊墙上写下的艺术家声明中，曼宁的超大号签名在下面 (名字中的“i”用一颗心来画出来) ，呼吁结束“以性别、性取向和文化为基础的党派之争乱像。”
On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.	对面墙上是她的线粒体DNA序列,用铅笔扭扭曲曲写着 Cs、Gs 和 As 符号。
By including the 200 letters (or nucleotides, per the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to illustrate how astoundingly similar, at least in biological makeup, we all are.	通过包含 200 个字母 (或核苷酸，每个艺术家复杂的科学词典) ，希瑟杜威·哈博格希望通过描绘出这些出奇相似的肖像，表达出至少在生理结构上，人人都是这样的。
"What I'm hoping that people will take away from this is that our genome doesn't care about who we are, and how open genetic data is to interpretation, how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, Spurious Memories, is also on display.	“我希望人们摆脱这种困境，我们的基因组不会关心我们是谁，公开的基因数据是如何解读的，它是多么的主观 ”，希瑟杜威·哈博格说，他的 2007 年的录像作品《虚假记忆》也在展出。
"DNA data can tell so many different stories, so this is 30 of those stories."	“DNA 数据可以告诉我们很多不同的故事，所以这是其中的 30 个故事。”
The final piece in the exhibition, which is contained in a single room, is one page from the aforementioned graphic novella.	展览中的最后一幅作品，在一个房间内，来自前面插图中篇小说中的一页。
It shows Manning, emerging, King Kong-esque, from the United States Disiplinary Barracks with a speakerphone in hand.	展示了在美国的士兵手持扩音器下浮夸、金刚造型的曼宁。
"When they chill your speech, then they've won," it reads.	“当他们使你的演讲停止下来，他们就赢了 ”，墙上写道。
"So never shut up."	“所以，千万别闭嘴。”
"It came directly from a letter that she wrote to me," the artist, who hails from Philadelphia, said.	“这些内容直接来自她写给我的一封信 ”，这位来自费城的艺术家说。
"I get goosebumps still talking about it."	“我就是再害怕，我依然要说出的。”
Manning hasn't seen the exhibition in-person yet - as was so presciently imagined in the comic book - but when she does, she'll be greeted in the center of the room by the masks, her own genomic simulacra congregated like hordes of protesters.	曼宁还没有亲自看过这个展览，正如漫画中那么预见的那样，但是当她这样做的时候，她将由她自己的 DNA 肖像面具，就像一群抗议者在展馆中心获得欢呼。
That was purposeful, too, as is everything in the exhibition, down to the height (5"2, Manning's stature) at which her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.	这也是有目的的，正如展览中的所有物品一样，都达到了她用铅笔写成的遗传单倍群信息的高度 (5.2 英尺，曼宁的身高) 。
"In the past, I've had them on the wall but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," Dewey-Hagborg said of the portraits.	“在过去，我把他们挂到墙上，但我希望他们觉得自己像一群人 ”，杜威?哈格堡谈到肖像时说道。
"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind freeing her as well."	“但我想让它们感觉像是一群跟随着切尔西的抗议者，正如当时人们抗议要释放她一样。”
Northwestern Professor and Oxford University Employee Wanted for Homicide	西北大学教授和牛津大学员工因杀人案被通缉
A nationwide manhunt is underway for a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee who are wanted as suspects after a man was found fatally stabbed inside a luxury Chicago apartment, police said.	警方表示，发现一名男子在芝加哥豪华公寓内遭到致命刺伤，一名西北大学教授和一名牛津大学员工随后被通缉，目前正在全国范围内寻找嫌犯。
On Monday, first-degree murder warrants without bail were issued for Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County court records show.	库克县法院记录显示，周一，42 岁的温德姆·莱塞姆和 56 岁的安德鲁·沃伦因涉嫌特伦顿· H·詹姆斯·康奈尔·杜兰洛死亡案遭发一级无保释谋杀拘捕令。
The documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed multiple times.	根据文件记录，26 岁的康奈尔·杜兰洛因多次刺伤而死亡。
A community alert released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.	芝加哥警察局发布的社区警报称，尸体于 7 月 27 日被发现。
Officers received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments and found the victim with several lacerations on his body.	警察接到电话后到达 Grand Plaza 公寓，发现受害人身上有多处裂伤。
Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene and detectives are investigating the stabbing as a homicide while police actively search for the two suspects, officials said.	警方称，康奈尔·杜兰洛当场死亡，侦探正在调查这起他杀案，而警方正在积极寻找两名嫌犯。
Lathem has been an associate professor of microbiology and immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.	莱塞姆自 2007 年起一直担任西北大学微生物学和免疫学副教授。
Alan K. Cubbage, the vice president for university relations, said in an emailed statement that Lathem is now on administrative leave and has been banned from entering Northwestern University campuses.	校园关系处副处长艾伦·K·考贝奇在电子邮件声明中表示，莱塞姆现在已经被离职，并且已被禁止进入西北大学校园。
"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in that investigation," Cubbage said.	考贝奇表示，“现在这是一个刑事案件，有关当局正在调查，西北大学正在积极配合调查工作。”
Warren is a senior treasury assistant at Oxford University.	沃伦是牛津大学高级财务助理。
A spokesperson for the university and Somerville College said in an emailed statement that, "We have been in contact with the police in the UK and are ready to help the US investigating authorities in any way they need."	牛津大学萨默维尔学院发言人在电子邮件声明中表示：“我们一直与英国警方保持联系，随时准备按需协助美国调查机构。”
The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.	声明补充说，沃伦的同事都深感震惊，并且希望他能够投案自首。
Chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he strongly encourages the suspects to surrender to authorities.	芝加哥警察局首席联络官安东尼·古列尔米表示强烈鼓励嫌犯向当局自首。
"Police have an idea of their whereabouts but our efforts to locate that are intensifying," Guglielmi said.	古列尔米表示，“警方对他们的下落已经有了一个大概的想法，我们正在努力定位可能的地点。”
Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping find the suspects.	古列尔米表示，当地、地区和国家当局正在全力协助搜查嫌疑犯。
Guglielmi said police received a call from the Grand Plaza building manager who had just received a cryptic tip that said something had occurred in apartment 1008.	古列尔米表示，警方接到 Grand Plaza 公寓经理的电话，他刚刚收到一则秘密提示，说 1008 号公寓有情况发生。
Police described the scene as very gruesome.	警方称当时情况非常可怕。
Guglielmi said it is unclear if the incident also occurred on July 27.	古列尔米表示目前仍不清楚这起事件是否也发生在 7 月 27 日。
Lathem and Warren were confirmed to be at the building by security cameras, he said.	他说，根据安全摄像头，确认莱塞姆和沃伦当时在大楼里。
"We believe Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi said.	“我们相信莱塞姆教授和受害者有一定关系，”古列尔米说。
The management team at Grand Plaza released a statement to residents saying, "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are exploring a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."	Grand Plaza 的管理团队向居民发布声明称：“警方目前正在研究受害者的案发时间线和案发背景，正在调查各种动机，包括一起可能的国内事件。”
"We'll complete WADA roadmap in near future" - Russian Deputy PM Mutko	俄罗斯副总理穆特科表示，“我们将在不久的将来完成世界反兴奋剂机构路线图”
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko has said it will not take long to implement the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the reinstatement of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA).	俄罗斯副总理维塔利·穆特科表示，落实世界反兴奋剂机构 (WADA) 针对恢复俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构 (RUSADA) 权利的剩余标准不会花费过长时间。
"A certain stage of fulfilling the road map criteria has been carried out, RUSADA obtained the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).	“实施路线图标准已经开展到了一定的阶段，RUSADA 获得了与 UKAD（英国反兴奋剂机构）合作进行计划和测试的权利。
The WADA roadmap was updated in this regard," Mutko stated on Thursday.	WADA 路线图在这方面进行了更新，”穆特科周四表示。
The PM was commenting on the second part of WADA's Roadmap to Code Compliance, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which recently published on the organization's website.	副总理穆特科在评论世界反兴奋剂机构路线图《遵守规定》的第二部分时做出上述表述。该部分规定了恢复 RUSADA 权利的标准，并于最近在该组织网站上发布。
According to Mutko, it does not contain anything that could cause concern for Russia.	据穆特科所述，标准中不包含任何可能引起俄罗斯担忧的事情。
"Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.	他补充说，“一切都得已宣布，一切都会实施。
And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee [IOC] and WADA in the near future," he added.	并且会在不久的将来将结果提交给国际奥委会 [IOC] 和 WADA。”
One of the criteria mentioned in the list, however, states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publically accept the reported outcomes of the WADA-sanctioned investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren on alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.	然而，名单中提到的标准之一是，俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构必须公开接受由加拿大律师理查德·迈凯伦就 WADA 批准的关于俄罗斯国家支持在本国体育运动中使用兴奋剂事件的调查结果。
Referring to the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation, as our anti-doping system admitted a failure.	谈到此事，穆特科说：“我们正在调查，我们的反兴奋剂系统毫无疑问失败了。
All measures have been implemented.	所有措施都已经实施。
But there were no state programs, and we will not admit something that didn't exist."	但这背后并不存在国家计划，我们不会承认不存在的东西。”
Mutko's words echoed those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of Russia's Independent Public Anti-Doping Commission.	穆特科的话回应了俄罗斯独立公共反兴奋剂委员会负责人维塔利·斯米尔诺夫的话。
Talking to Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping bodies, but added: "We have said on numerous occasions, that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.	斯米尔诺夫在当天早些时候接受媒体 Russian outlet RSport 访问时承认了俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构过去存在的问题，但他补充道：“我们多次在各种场合说过，报告中包含有争议的立场和规定。
No one plans to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.	没有人计划无条件接受这份报告，”斯米尔诺夫说。
RUSADA was suspended from carrying out doping controls within Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.	2015 年 11 月兴奋剂丑闻后，WADA 暂停了 RUSADA 在俄罗斯境内实施兴奋剂检查的权利。
It was, however, permitted to plan and coordinate testing under the supervision of international experts and UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) this June.	但今年六月，RUSADA 得到允许，今年可以在国际专家和 UKAD 的监督下计划和协调检测。
Following a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.	WADA 总干事奥利维亚·奈格丽在七月份访问该组织位于莫斯科的总部时表示，RUSADA 正“朝着正确的方向前进”，努力恢复其权利。
As far as computers are concerned, whether Chinese checkers or chess, defeating humans was already a clinch decades ago.	对于计算机来说，无论是跳棋或是国家象棋，击败人类在几十年前已经不在话下。
The president of Croatian Football Association Davao Suk said in an interview that participation in the China Cup is very meaningful for Croatian football, and the Chinese Cup’s bonus was considerable.	克罗地亚足协主席达沃-苏克在接受采访时表示参加中国杯对于克罗地亚足球很有意义，中国杯的奖金数字非常大。
Forget purchasing agents! These 8000-plus products enjoy zero tariff	再也不用找代购了！这8000多种产品零关税
At the regular press conference of the Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) held on January 11th, spokesperson Gao Feng said that to date, China has 15 Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) in force, involving 23 countries and regions, encompassing more than 8000 imported products at zero tariff.	在1月11日商务部召开的例行新闻发布会，商务部新闻发言人高峰表示，截至目前，我国已经生效实施的自贸协定有15个，涉及23个国家和地区，涵盖了8000余种零关税的进口产品。
Meanwhile, you no longer have to spend a lot of money to have purchasing agents buy the products you want such as imported cosmetics, salmon from Iceland, red wine from Chile, tropical fruits from ASEAN ....	同时，进口化妆品、冰岛三文鱼、智利红酒、东盟的热带水果......你要的这些产品不用再花大价钱代购了。
Currently, China has signed 16 FTAs, involving 24 countries and regions, of which 15 have come into effect, encompassing more than 8000 imported products at zero tariff.	目前，我国已与24个国家和地区签署了16个自由贸易协定，已经生效实施的有15个，涵盖了8000余种零关税的进口产品。
Take agricultural produce for example. The implementation of the FTAs has meant that consumers can now sample affordable agricultural produce from different places of production throughout the year.	以农产品为例，随着自贸协定的实施，消费者一年四季都可以品尝到来自不同产地、质优价廉的农产品。
For instance, import tariffs have been cut to zero for the following products: tropical fruits from ASEAN such as durians, lychees, and pitaya from 15-30% previously;	比如，东盟的榴莲、荔枝、火龙果等热带水果，进口关税由15%到30%降为零关税。
salmon from Iceland, from 10- 12%; and	冰岛三文鱼进口关税由10%到12%降为零关税；
red wine from Georgia and Chile, from 14-30%.	格鲁吉亚和智利的红酒，进口关税由14%到30%降为零关税；
Specialty agricultural products such as beef and milk powder from New Zealand have also seen a relatively large reduction in tariffs.	还有新西兰的牛肉和奶粉等特色农产品等都有较大幅度的降税。
Industrial products have benefited as well. For example, import tariffs for some cosmetics from Switzerland have been reduced to zero, while	以工业品为例，例如，瑞士部分化妆品进口关税已经降为零；
that for some watches have fallen to 50%, and will fall further to zero in a few years’ time;	部分手表进口关税降低了50%，并将在几年后降为零关税；
products from South Korea such as refrigerators, rice cookers, massage devices, and cosmetic apparatus will now be subject to a lower import tariff of 40%, and fall further to zero in a few years’ time;	韩国的电冰箱、电饭锅、按摩仪、美容仪等产品进口关税降低了40%，并将在几年后降为零关税；
and consumer electronics and other relevant products have also seen a relatively large reduction in tariffs.	还有消费类电子产品等有较大幅度的降税。
Products at zero tariff under the FTAs also include intermediates and raw materials required for the domestic production of end-user consumer goods, which will, to a certain extent, also upgrade the mix of domestically produced consumer goods.	同时，自贸区项下的零关税产品还包括许多国内终端消费品制造所需要的中间产品和原材料，也在一定程度上推动了国产消费品的结构升级。
MOFCOM spokesperson Gao Feng said that approximately one-third of China’s total imported products enjoy tariff concessions under the FTAs, of which the majority are end-user consumer goods, thus providing tangible benefits to consumers.	商务部新闻发言人高峰表示，我国总进口额近三分之一的产品可以享受自贸协定优惠关税的待遇，其中大部分是终端消费品，给消费者带来了实实在在的好处。
Further reductions in import tariffs of consumer goods	进一步降低消费品进口关税
On December 1, 2017, China further lowered the import tariffs of some consumer goods. The reductions covered 187 eight-digit HS codes comprising food, health supplements, pharmaceuticals, chemical products for daily use, clothing, footwear and headgear, home appliances, culture and recreation, miscellaneous and sundry goods, as well as other consumer goods.	自2017年12月1日起，我国对部分消费品进口关税进行调整，进一步降低消费品进口关税，范围涵盖食品、保健品、药品、日化用品、衣着鞋帽、家用设备、文化娱乐、日杂百货等各类消费品，共涉及187个8位税号。
The average tariff rate of these consumer goods more than halved, plunging from 17.3% to 7.7%!	这批消费品的平均税率将由17.3%直降至7.7%，几乎被“拦腰斩”！
With effect from January 1, 2018, partial adjustments were also made to other import and export tariffs.	2018年1月1日起，我国对其他进出口关税也进行了部分调整。
The import tariffs of lipstick, eye shadow, perfume and some other cosmetics fell from 10% to 5%.	唇膏、眼影、香水等部分化妆品进口关税由10％降至5％；
This decline in tariff rates means that consumers do not have to have a purchasing agent or travel overseas to buy the foreign products they like.	降低关税以后，意味着消费者不用代购、更无须大老远跑国外去买喜欢的外国产品了。
2018 Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair: Imported red wine, snacks, fruits ... everything has become affordable!	2018义乌进口商品购物节：进口红酒、零食、水果...统统便宜了！
Foreign press: Year-end return policies at US malls vary widely; be cautious when returning gifts	外报：年终美国商场规定差异大 购物退货需谨慎
China News Service, December 29	中新网12月29日电
US-based “World Journal” reported that there was a wave of gift returns just after Christmas.	据美国《世界日报》报道，圣诞节刚过，就迎来退货潮。
A report by American Broadcasting Company (ABC) revealed that approximately half of the goods sold last Christmas were exchanged or returned.	据美国广播公司(ABC)报道，去年圣诞节出售的商品，约有超过一半被退换货。
Elsewhere, readers had repeatedly reported having been cheated while shopping online. Shoppers should be on their guard when shopping at unofficial websites.	另外，有读者多次爆料网购被骗，消费者在非正规网站购物时需多留心。
In general, large shopping companies have official and reasonable return procedures, but if you have shopped for gifts at certain small stores or online, you must be careful.	一般来说，大型购物公司都有正规、合理的退货程序，但若从一些小商店买礼品或电商购物，必须小心。
A Madame Hou of Rowland Heights bought a jacket from an online store specializing in print jackets for more than $60 (USD, the same hereinafter) on December 1, local time, but has yet to receive her purchase.	罗兰冈的侯女士当地时间12月1日在一家专门卖印花外套的网上店铺，花60多元(美元，下同)买了一件外套，结果到现在也没有寄到。
She sent an email to customer service but did not receive any reply from the store.	她给客服发了邮件，也不见回复。
Elsewhere, a netizen revealed that when on tour in the US last year, he bought a mobile phone from a third-party seller, but received a box of plasticine on delivery instead.	另有网友爆料，去年赴美国旅游，向第三方卖家购买一部手机，寄来后发现里面却是一盒橡皮泥。
After he realized he was deceived, he applied for a refund from the website. Fortunately, he was able to receive a full refund.	知道被骗后，向网站申请退款，还好得到全额退款。
Nonetheless, some customers felt that website refund services are not perfect.	但也有顾客认为，网站退款服务不是百分之百完美。
Mr Wang, an ethnic Chinese resident of Northern California, purchased goods at a certain website on urgent delivery services twice at a cost of $4 each but both times, the goods failed to arrive promptly.	一位北加州华裔居民王先生说，曾经两次购某网站的加急配送服务，一次加急服务四元，但两次都没有按时送到。
He applied for a refund subsequently but did not get a reply.	之后再申请退款，也没有得到回复。
Large department stores or shopping malls have better return policies.	大型商场或购物场都有较好的退货政策。
Most of Macy’s merchandise may be returned for a full refund within 180 days,	梅西百货(Macy’s)大部分商品180天以内全额退款。
but the merchandise has to be in its “original” state, and the customer has to produce proof of purchase such as the receipt or the bank purchase record.	但商品须保持“原有”样子，且需有购买凭证如收据或银行购买记录。
Without proof of purchase, the customer may also receive the store’s credit which may be used to purchase other merchandise.	如果没有凭证，顾客也可以获得商场积分，可用于购买其他商品。
Target has a 90-day return deadline for general merchandise. For electronic products, the deadline is normally 15 days,	Target对一般商品通常有90天退货期限，电子品通常15天。
but it is extended to 30 days for electronic and entertainment related products purchased between November 1 and December 25, 2017;	但2017年11月1日至12月25日期间购买的电子、娱乐类商品的退货期限延至30天。
note that the 30-day return deadline begins on December 25, i.e., merchandise purchased must be returned by January 25, 2018.	需要注意的是，30天退款期限是从12月25日开始算，也就是要在2018年1月25日之前退货。
The ultimate shopping experience with the advent of a new era in commercial district shopping development	极致购物体验，商圈购物发展新时代来临
More than 10 years ago, China was, on the whole, still a sellers’ market. Selection was limited, and so was demand.	十多年前，我国总体上还处于卖方市场，人们的选择有限，需求也有限。
A decade hence, the market has long developed into a buyers’ rather than that of a sellers’ market. Shoppers have now become a lot more demanding as well, and are no longer satisfied simply with a “cash on delivery of goods” shopping behavior.	但经过十年的发展，市场早已实现了从卖方市场向买方市场的转变，如今的消费者口味变得更刁，他们不再满足于简简单单的“一手交钱一手交货”的购物行为。
Therefore, how to offer shoppers the ultimate shopping experience has become the next competitive point for real estate developers.	因此，如何让消费者得到一场极致购物体验则成了房地产开发商们的下一个竞争点。
Of the many factors that affect a shopper’s shopping experience, the impact of shopping centers in business districts is the most important.	而在影响消费者购物体验的诸多因素中，商圈里的购物中心的影响最为重大。
Let’s take a look at how urban builders focus on the shopping experience.	看各地城市建设者如何注重购物体验。
No two leaves are alike, nor can one find two completely identical shopping malls. A famous shopping mall must have its own characteristics.	世界上没有两片完全一样的叶子，更没有两个完全一样的购物中心，一个有名的购物中心必然有属于自己的特色。
Take Turkey’s world-renowned Kanyon Shopping Center. Its unique undulating architectural design was inspired by the Grand Canyon, hence its homophonous name Kanyon. You feel like you’re in the Grand Canyon when walking along the 200-meter footpath in the midsection of Kanyon.	比如土耳其举世闻名的Kanyon购物中心，它独特的波浪形的建筑设计灵感来自大峡谷（Canyon），因此取名为谐音的Kanyon，行走在Kanyon中部长200米的步道中仿佛置身于大峡谷内。
In addition to the canyon-like design, there is a large unique inward concave oval-shaped performance venue in the middle of shopping center where specialty performances are often held.	除了峡谷式的设计，在购物中心的中央还设有一个向内凹的大型椭圆形演出场地，外形独特，经常会举办特色表演。
Its open platform design offers visitors at every floor a view of the activities held in the “canyon”, and the scene changes as you take each step.	因为开放的平台设计，使游客行走在每一层都能俯看“峡谷”中进行的活动，并有移步换景的效果。
In China, the Nanjing Forest Mall Commercial Street, known as the country’s first forest style pedestrian consumption venue, is a perfect integration of shopping and ecology as well as fairy tales.	而在国内，有中国首座森林式漫步消费场之称的南京森林摩尔商业街则将购物与生态、童话完美结合在一起。
With a 7,000 sqm green plaza, and a 3,000 sqm rooftop water feature, the project is made up of nine individual buildings, linked by a sky bridge. The sunken garden design for the entire project, plane trees as its architectural surface, and the rooftop water feature create the feeling of being in a forest.	7000平米绿地广场，3000平米屋顶水域平台，项目由9栋单体建筑组成，各建筑之间空中连廊相接，整体下沉庭院设计，取地缘之上法国梧桐树为建筑表皮，屋顶水域天台，营造出森林般的感觉。
On entering the Forest Mall, you’d feel like you have accidentally fallen down the rabbit hole in Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland. The tall tree trunks surround the buildings, and the lawn and stream are beautifully juxtaposed, drawing the masses into a forest full of life and vitality.	走进森林摩尔，就像一不小心掉进了爱丽丝漫游奇遇记中的兔子洞，攀沿着的树干将建筑围绕，草地、清泉相映衬，将人们带进充满生机与活力的森林。
Then there is Chonqing. The Lijia Waterfront Business District built by Longhu Properties has plans to attract a diverse range of businesses, and expects to bring in more than 50 world class flagship stores, with more than 100 world class brands and over 500 renowned foreign and domestic brands so as to create a commercial center with a distinctive theme that brings the services sector together.	还有在重庆，龙湖打造的礼嘉滨水商圈，规划百方商业，计划未来引进超过50家国际顶级专卖旗舰店，100个以上国际顶级品牌和500个以上国内外著名品牌，打造成为服务产业集聚、主题特色鲜明的商业中心。
In addition, the Lijia Waterfront Business District will also integrate ecology into architecture. Based on a transit-oriented development (TOD) concept, it integrates shopping, household services and amenities, dining, entertainment, education and sports, providing shoppers the ultimate shopping experience while affording them the luxury of enjoying Chongqing’s unique “waterfront culture”, a perfect blend of shopping, and water entertainment and recreation.	不仅如此，礼嘉滨水商圈还将生态融入建筑、以TOD公共交通为导向，集时尚购物、生活服务、餐饮、娱乐、教育、运动于一体，在带给消费者极致购物体验的同时还引领他们享受重庆独特的“滨水文化”，将购物与水上娱乐、休闲完美融为一体。
From the above examples, it is noted that, at present, a number of real estate developers have noticed the discovery of this new urban business phenomenon. Insiders indicate that this consumption model which is centered on the consumer experience and which explores the means to combine shopping and experience will become the mainstream of urban development in the future.	综上可以发现，目前，已有一部分房企洞悉了这种新的城市商业的发现轨迹，而业内人士表示，这种以消费者体验为中心，如何把购物与体验相结合的消费模式也将是未来城市发展的主流。
Today’s business districts are no longer merely the distribution centers of goods. Rather, they are more integrated venues that bring together the arts and culture as well as creative themes; they also carry the responsibility of the masses toward urban living.	现在的商圈不仅仅是货品的集散地，更多的是融合艺术文化、创意主题的综合场所，也承载着人们对都市居住的责任。
Therefore, in addition to meeting the one-stop material needs of dining and entertainment of consumers, maximizing the transmission of multi-tiered cultural and artistic spiritual needs, as well as bringing the livable qualities of residential needs into play will inevitably become the high point of future business district development.	因此在满足消费者吃喝玩乐购一站式物质需求的同时，最大化的传递文化艺术多层次的精神需求，发挥宜居的居住需求，必然是商圈未来发展的制高点。
In Chongqing, Guoxing Property’s Beianjiangshan is located north of the Yangtze River, close to Guanyin Bridge, where the who’s who of world business and international giants agglomerate, and first class brands congregate, affording a seamless connection with international fashion.	在重庆，国兴的北岸江山，地处江北，临近观音桥，荟萃世界商业精华，国际巨擘左右环拥，一等品牌齐聚，与国际时尚近距离接驳。
Here, prosperity abounds, and the best in the world agglomerate.	这里步步繁华，荟萃世界精华；
Dongyuanjinyue, which is in the immediate vicinity of Nanping Business District, has a better shopping environment. At its sole disposal is Western China’s, and indeed, the nation’s leading four-story three-dimensional transportation system, enhancing shopping comfort.	东原锦悦则拥有较好的购物环境，东原锦悦临近南坪商圈，独享西部甚至全国领先的四层立体交通系统，提升了购物舒适度。
Elsewhere, the landscaped gardens and shops along the two pedestrian streets at Huigong Road and Wanda Plaza have been upgraded, with approximately 300 trees planted, and 40,000 sqm of floor space revamped, lifting the image of Nanping Business District.	另外惠工路和万达广场两条步行街的园林绿化、景观地铺进行了提档升级，种植乔木约300株，改造地铺4万平方米，提升了南坪商圈形象；
Meanwhile, Longhu’s Waterfront City, in the immediate vicinity of Chongqing’s first low-density waterfront business district - Lijia Waterfront Business District - is surrounded by nine parks. The commercial street district is low density with good access. These qualities have made shoppers more willing to stay, stop and slowing savor the joy of shopping when shopping, rather than being jostled by crowds of shoppers into rushing forward. Here, “shopping at a leisurely pace” is truly achieved.	而龙湖昱湖壹号，临近重庆首个低密度滨水商圈——礼嘉滨水商圈，被九个公园环绕，商业街区密度低，开放程度高，使得人们购物时更愿意停留、驻足、慢慢享受购物的乐趣，而不是被后面的人流裹挟着急急忙忙地向前赶，真正实现了“散步式购物”。
Competition will only intensify going forward. In a market of rampant homogenization, how to achieve success, and attain a reputation as a “shopping mecca” in the hearts of future shoppers deserve serious consideration among all real estate developers.	当今商业竞争只会越来越激烈，如何在同质化严重的市场中杀出一条血路，夺得未来消费者心中的“购物圣地”的美誉，值得所有的房地产开发商去认真思考。
A differentiation strategy alone is far from sufficient. Only developers that truly place shoppers in their hearts, empathize with shoppers, and offer shoppers an ultimate yet simple shopping experience will be able to stand tall in a market when assailed by intense competition.	单单只凭差异化战略是远远不够的，只有那些真真正正地将消费者放在心中，急消费者所急，想消费者所想，给消费者提供极致而又简约的购物体验的开发商才能在暴风雨来临的市场中笑傲江湖。
To be sure, I believe that, at the end of the day, Chongqing’s residents are the happiest lot to have such excellent shopping experience and business districts. A decade ago, no one would have imagined today’s prosperity.	当然，到最后我想最高兴的还是重庆的子民，拥有这么好的购物体验和商圈，放在10年前没人能够想象今日的繁华。
Shopping carnival: Consumerism revelry masks true environmental cost	物节：消费主义狂欢掩盖真实环境价格
RMB168.2 billion. That was the amount of money Tmall users spent over a 24-hour period on November 11, 2017 at the “Tmall 11.11 Global Shopping Festival”.	1682亿元，这是2017年11月11日，“天猫双十一全球狂欢节”的24小时内，天猫用户消费的成交额。
Specifically, in the span of three minutes right after the “Double 11” commenced, Tmall’s transaction volume surpassed RMB10 billion, and exceeded RMB20 billion in six minutes and five seconds; within nine hours, it broke through the RMB100 billion mark.	具体来说，“双11”开局后，短短3分钟天猫成交额就突破100亿，6分05秒超过200亿元，9个小时破1000亿。
That day, shoppers all over the world made a total of 1.48 billion payments by way of Alipay, an increase of 41% year-on-year.	这一天，全球消费者通过支付宝完成的支付总笔数达到14.8亿笔，比去年增长41％。
Such spending resulted in 812 million logistics orders.	这些消费将带来8.12亿个物流订单。
Whether the Tmall shopping platform or the Alipay payment platform, however, both belonged to Jack Ma’s Alibaba Group.	而不论是天猫网购平台还是支付宝支付平台，全都属于马云的阿里集团。
Ten years ago, no one would have imagined that the “Singles’ Day” subculture which was a self-deprecating celebration created by singles on November 11 would be co-opted by e-commerce merchants, and turned into a phenomenal “Singles’ Day” shopping carnival today.	十年前没人会想到，11月11日单身青年出于自嘲创造的“光棍节”亚文化会被电商收编，成为如今现象级的“双11”购物狂欢节。
Alibaba used the “Great Singles’ Day Sale” marketing gimmick: Not dating? Singles, come shop online - for the first time on November 11, 2009.	2009年11月11日，阿里巴巴第一次使用“光棍节大促销”的营销噱头：没人跟你谈恋爱，那么“单身狗”们快来网购吧。
The outcome was a surprise. That day, transactions at Taobao Mall (the predecessor of “Tmall”) surpassed RMB52 million, 10 times that of the normal daily transaction value at the time.	结果令人意外，这一天淘宝商城（“天猫”前身）交易额突破5200万元，是当时日常交易额的10倍。
From then on, “Double 11” has become a shopping festival created by Alibaba, and has grown and expanded from a domestic buyer-seller amusement to an inflow of global merchants. Nine years hence, and the more than RMB100 billion worth of transactions of Tmall’s “Double 11” is now more than 3200 times that of the first year, far outstripping that of “Black Friday”.	从此，“双11”就成为了阿里巴巴打造的购物狂欢节，从一开始的国内买家卖家自娱自乐，到现在全球商家的涌入，九年过去了，天猫“双11”千亿交易额已经是当年的3200多倍，令“黑色星期五”望尘莫及。
Numerous e-commerce merchants have followed Tmall’s “Double 11” sales promotion, with “JD.com” the strongest competitor.	跟风天猫“双十一”促销的，还有众多电商，其中“京东”最为强劲。
“JD.com” has its own shopping festival “6.18” but its impact is less than that of “Double 11”. From November 1 to 11 this year, “JD.com”’s accumulated sales amounted to RMB127.1 billion.	“京东”有自己的购物节“6.18”，但没有“双11”影响大, 今年从11月1日持续到11日，“京东”累计销售额达到1271亿元。
The “Double 12” discount extravaganza and the Christmas-New Year shopping period come right after “Double 11”.	而“双11”后，紧接着的是与之类似的“双12”打折狂欢、圣诞新年购物档期。
Following the New Year, pre-Spring Festival’s Lunar New Year shopping as well as Valentine's Day shopping await the Chinese consumer. Retail consumption knows no holiday.	跨过了新年，等待着中国消费者的还有春节前的年货采购档期、情人节购物档期，消费，不会放假。
Massive instantaneous consumption has led to environmental problems, which has attracted the attention of professionals and institutions.	瞬时间的海量消费带来的环境问题，已经引起专业人士和机构的关注。
A Xinhua Daily Telegraph report revealed that based on the industry’s general standard conservative estimate of 0.2 kg per packaging cartons, at least 300,000 tonnes of trash were generated during this year’s “Singles’ Day” period.	据新华每日电讯报道，按业内每个包装箱0.2公斤的通常标准保守估算，今年“双11”期间至少产生超过30万吨垃圾。
Liu Hua, Director of the Pollution Prevention Program at Greenpeace East Asia told chinadialogue that the volume of orders at this year’s “Singles’ Day” from Tmall alone would generate 160,000 tonnes of packaging trash.	绿色和平东亚分部污染防治项目主任刘华则告诉中外对话，今年“双11”仅天猫的订单量会产生16万吨包装垃圾。
In 2016, the State Post Bureau published a report stating that approximately 780 million items were delivered by express couriers during the 2015 “Singles’ Day” period (November 11-16), with more than 3 billion woven bags, 9.922 billion packaging cartons, and 16.985 billion meters of adhesive tape used. The length of adhesive tape used could go round the equator 425 times.	国家邮政局2016年曾发布报告，指出2015年“双11”期间（11月11日至16日）的快件量约7．8亿件，使用超过30亿条编织袋，99.22亿个包装箱，169.85亿米胶带，胶带长度可以绕地球赤道425圈。
This year, the State Post Bureau estimates that the “Singles’ Day” express business volume could surpass 1.5 billion items.	而今年，国家邮政局预计“双11”的快件业务量预计超过15亿件。
Wang Shi, manager of a waste incineration plant in Beijing told Xinhua News Agency that more than 2,000 tonnes of trash enter the plant each day after “Singles’ Day”, exceeding the treatment capacity of the incineration plant.	北京市一座垃圾焚烧中心经理王士告诉新华社， “双11”后每日进场的垃圾都超过2000吨，也超过了焚烧站的处理产能。
Express delivery companies have also become aware that the environmental pollution resulting from the express delivery sector should not be ignored.	快递公司已经意识到了快递业造成的环境污染不可小视。
Some e-commerce logistics enterprises, including Suning, have introduced plastic express delivery boxes that may be recycled and reused ahead of “Singles’ Day”, as well as recyclable packaging such as shopping bags and trash bags that may be used repeatedly. However, acceptance among consumers who could not be bothered was low.	包括苏宁在内的一些电商物流企业“双11”前推出了可回收重复使用的塑料快递盒、可以重复用作购物袋和垃圾袋的循环包装袋等，但嫌麻烦的消费者接受度并不高。
Jack Ma, on Weibo, has also called on the logistics industry to support “green packaging” and “green logistics”.	马云还在微博中号召物流行业支持“绿色包装”和“绿色物流”。
This Weibo received more than 68,000 “likes”.	这条微博收获了68000多个“赞”。
What sort of mobile payment do Germans want?	德国人想要什么样的移动支付？
Zhang Dongfang: The mobile payment war waged in Germany is nothing new.	张冬方：在德国拉开的移动支付战局不具期待性。
All WeChat Pay and Alipay did was to move the battleground to Europe. Neither the competitors nor the battleground has changed - the Chinese; is this really globalization?	微信支付和支付宝不过把战场搬到了欧洲，竞争对手没变，抢夺阵地也没变——中国人，这也算全球化？
Where there’s Alipay, there’s WeChat Pay.	有支付宝的地方，必有微信支付。
According to the agreement with Germany’s electronic payment services provider Wirecard, WeChat Pay officially entered Germany in November this year. The Chinese company has also gradually expanded its presence among merchants in Europe.	按照和德国电子支付服务商Wirecard的协议，微信支付今年11月正式着手落地德国，并逐渐在欧洲范围内的商家进行布局。
This time round, the reunion of the two “fellow countrymen” in a foreign country took place in Europe.	俩“老乡”的这次异国重逢发生在欧洲。
All along, Alipay and WeChat Pay have been riding high on the road to globalization.	一直以来，支付宝和微信支付在全球化的道路上一路高歌。
In a study on China’s mobile Internet payment’s globalization methods, iResearch Consulting’s “2017 China's Third-Party Mobile Payment Report” arrived at two methods: The first method would be by way of strategic investment, outward transfer of experience, taking an equity stake, and supporting the overseas local mobile payment enterprise;	对于中国的移动支付的全球化方式，艾瑞咨询《中国第三方移动支付行业研究报告2017》总结为两种：一是通过战略投资，经验输出，入股并扶持国外本土移动支付企业。
the second method would be by way of promoting mobile payment services to overseas merchants through Chinese tourists’ overseas spending behavior, thereby changing overseas local entities’ recognition and acceptance of China’s mobile payments.	二是通过中国游客出国消费行为，向国外商家推广移动支付服务，进而改变外国本土对中国移动支付的认知和接受度。
Indeed, win over the Chinese, and you win the world.	确实，得中国人得天下。
China’s rapid economic growth coupled with its large population base have meant that spending by Chinese tourists in Europe is an attractive figure,	中国经济发展迅猛，再加上人口基数大，中国游客在欧洲的花销是一个诱人的数字。
but this also means that the mobile payment war waged in Germany is nothing new.	但这也注定了，这次在德国拉开的中国移动支付战局不具期待性。
All WeChat Pay and Alipay did was to move the battleground to Europe. Neither the competitors nor the battleground has changed - it’s still the Chinese; is this really globalization?	微信支付和支付宝不过是把战场搬到了欧洲，竞争对手没变，抢夺的阵地还是没变——还是中国人，这也算全球化？
A more groundbreaking inquiry would be whether China’s mobile payment can expand its territory in Europe.	更具开拓性的探讨是，中国的移动支付能否在欧洲本土开疆拓土？
Germany is an example.	以德国为例。
Magical “new retail”	被施了魔法的“新零售”
Chen Xinlei, Yang Kaihan: When Amazon made it to the world’s top 10 list of retailers, it announced that it would venture into the bookstores and grocery stores; this is worth pondering, both in terms of opportunity and motive.	陈歆磊、杨凯涵：亚马逊在挤进全球十大零售商时候宣布进军书店和杂货铺，不论时机还是动机都很值得玩味。
In November 2015, Amazon opened its first physical bookstore in Seattle. This was followed by two bookstores in Portland and San Diego.	2015年11月，亚马逊在西雅图开设了第一家实体书店，之后又开设了波特兰和圣地亚哥的两家书店。
At the beginning of 2017, Amazon opened its bookstore and New York, and planned to have at least eight stores by the end of the year.	2017年伊始，亚马逊在纽约开设店面，并计划到年底至少拥有8家店面。
Almost at the same time, Amazon announced that its checkout-free grocery store Amazon Go would begin trial operations. No waiting in line or checkout is necessary. All customers have to do is scan their QR code on the Amazon Go app to enter the store, take the products they want and leave. The shopping amount would be charged to the customers’ Amazon account.	几乎同一时间，亚马逊宣布旗下无人超市（Amazon Go）试运营，顾客到店不需要排队，也不需要结账，进门扫码、拿了想要的商品离开即可，购物金额会自动从顾客的亚马逊账户中扣除。
As far as Amazon is concerned, its sudden but frequent forays into physical stores in the last few years have been very unexpected.	就亚马逊而言，近几年忽然在实体店上面动作频频是非常意外的一件事。
This is because way back in 2007, CEO Jeff Bezos, in his “Letter to Shareholders”, highlighted that Amazon would not arbitrarily start a new business (such as a physical store) unless the four conditions set out below are met simultaneously:	因为早在2007年的《致股东公开信》中，CEO杰夫•贝佐斯就强调，亚马逊不会轻易开设实体店，除非同时满足下列四个条件：
1. We must convince ourselves that the new opportunity can generate the returns on capital our investors expected when they invested in Amazon;	1.我们必须确信这个新机会能让股东的投资有所回报；
2. we must convince ourselves that the new business can grow to a scale where it can be significant in the context of our overall company;	2.我们必须确信这个新机会对于整个公司有重大意义；
3. we must believe that the opportunity is currently underserved; and	3.我们必须确信这个新机会是被市场忽视的；
4. we have the capabilities needed to bring strong customer-facing differentiation to the marketplace.	4.我们必须确信在这个市场上，我们拥有足够的资源能做出面向顾客的差异化。
Bookstores and grocery stores are the two most precarious physical retail sub-sectors, and were the first to be knocked out after the rise of Amazon.	书店和杂货铺，是两个实体零售中最摇摇欲坠的分类，也是亚马逊兴起后最先倒下的对手。
When Amazon made it to the world’s top 10 list of retailers, it announced that it would venture into these two physical markets; this is worth pondering, both in terms of opportunity and motive.	亚马逊在挤进全球十大零售商的时候宣布进军这两个实体市场，不论时机还是动机都很值得玩味。
Did Amazon do something in contrary to the guarantee it made in its letter to shareholders?	亚马逊的做法，和股东信中的保证相违背吗？
Similar words were echoed at the other end of the world. On the morning of October 13, 2016, at The Computing Conference 2016 held in Yunqi, Hangzhou, Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma said in his keynote address that,	地球的另一端也听到了类似的声音。2016年10月13日上午，在2016杭州•云栖大会上，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云发表主题演讲。
“From next year onward, Alibaba will no longer talk about ‘e-commerce’.	他说：“从明年开始，阿里巴巴将不再提‘电子商务’这个说法。
The era of pure e-commerce firms will soon come to an end. E-commerce will no longer exist in the next 10 to 20 years, replaced instead by ‘new retail’.	纯电商的时代很快就会结束，未来的十年、二十年将没有电子商务，取而代之的是‘新零售’。
Only by combining online and offline operations will new retail come into being.”	线上线下和物流结合在一起，才会产生新零售。”
In an instant, it was as if the words “new retail” took on magical properties, and became the new catchphrase of industry insiders.	一时间，“新零售”三个字如同被施了魔法，被业界人士频频挂在嘴边。
So what is “new retail” exactly?	但是，“新零售”究竟是什么意思？
If it merely referred to online-offline integration, then the concept is nothing new.	如果只是指线上与线下相结合，那么这个概念并不新奇。
In 2016, eMarketer, after tracking 180 of the largest e-commerce firms, estimated that total sales of e-commerce firms amounted to approximately US$200 billion, of which the largest 25 accounted for more than US$159 billion;	2016年，eMarketer跟踪了180家最大的电商之后估计，电商总销售额约为2000亿美元，而其中最大的25家占到了1590多亿美元。
and of these 25, 18 were traditional retailers that had only begun online operations in the preceding five years (such as Macy’s, Nordstrom, Target and Gap).	在这25家之中，有18家都是在过去五年才开始经营线上的传统零售商（比如梅西百货, Nordstrom, Target, Gap等）。
Indeed, Alibaba Group's RMB28.3 billion acquisition of an equity stake in Suning Commerce Group was still fresh in the minds of the public.	而阿里巴巴集团283亿元入股苏宁云商，也还历历在目。
From a global perspective, both retailers and e-commerce firms are transforming from a single channel to a multi-channel retail system that encompasses physical stores, e-commerce, mobile terminals and social media.	从全球范围看，零售商和电商都在从单一渠道转向覆盖实体店、电商、移动端和社会化媒体的全渠道零售体系。
Could Jack Ma’s “new retail” be more of a conclusion rather than a forecast for the future?	难道马云提“新零售”，更多的是一种总结而非对未来的展望？
If not, then what is the difference between the multi-channel concept and “new retail”?	如果不是，那么全渠道的概念，与“新零售”究竟有何区别？
Perhaps, the crux of the matter is not whether online and offline entities would integrate, but how.	或许，问题的关键不是线上与线下会不会融合，而是怎么融合。
A review of the retail sector in the last 20 years has revealed that the rise of e-commerce was similar to the emergence of discount retailers many years ago; both were focused on price and convenience.	回顾零售业过去的20年，电商的崛起如同早年折扣零售商的兴起，都侧重于价格和便利。
On the basis of these two trigger points, e-commerce firms moved highly standardized products, such as books and CDs, online from offline.	依靠这两个痛点，电商把标准化程度非常高的产品，例如图书和CD，从线下移到了线上。
As online retail habits formed, and customer experience continued to rise, e-commerce firms further extended their scope to other product categories, and began to increase efficiency.	随着线上消费习惯的养成以及客户体验的不断提高，电商又将触角伸到了其他品类，并开始提升效率。
In Aliababa CEO Daniel Zhang’s words, “Use the thinking behind and technology of the Internet to thoroughly reform and upgrade the approximately 30 trillion retailers in society at this time, so that the increasingly demanding retail requirements of Chinese consumers may be effectively met. This will make the entire goods production, circulation and services process more efficient with the extensive application of the Internet and big data.”	用阿里巴巴CEO张勇的话说，“利用互联网的思想和技术去全面改革和升级现有的约30万亿社会零售商总量，使得中国消费者日益升级的消费需求可以得到有效的满足，使得整个商品生产、流通、服务的过程因为互联网、大数据的广泛运用变得更加高效。”
Thus, the path of e-commerce firms is asset-light on the surface, but asset-heavy in reality.	因此电商的道路，是一条表面轻资产，实际重资产的道路。
“Light” refers to fixed assets, headcount, management processes and other burdens that are less than that of traditional retailers; “heavy” refers to areas such as logistics and storage that require enormous investment.	“轻”，指的是固定资产、人员配置、管理流程等负担没有传统零售业大；“重”，指的是在物流、仓储等方面需要巨大的投入。
Changes in logistical methods ensured the efficiency of e-commerce firms.	物流方式的改变，保证了电商的高效率。
The Chinese Central Government’s official web portal reported that Premier Li Keqiang presided over the State Council executive meeting held on April 28, which was of the opinion that expanding domestic consumption was a key measure for stable growth and structural transformation.	据中国政府网消息，国务院总理李克强4月28日主持召开国务院常务会议，会议认为，扩大国内消费需求是稳增长、调结构的重要举措。
The meeting determined that relevant departments should promptly put forward specific plans on the basis of scientific evaluation.	会议确定，有关部门要在科学评估基础上抓紧拿出具体方案。
The import tariffs of some foreign goods for daily use for which domestic consumers have enormous demand will be lowered on a trial basis with effect from June this year, and tariff reductions will be extended to more goods over time.	对国内消费者需求大的部分国外日用消费品，于今年6月底前开展降低进口关税试点，逐步扩大降税商品范围；
Together with the tax reform, consumption tax policies for general consumer goods such as clothing and cosmetics will be optimized, with overall adjustments made to the scope of taxation, tax rates, and the different parts of the taxation process.	结合税制改革，完善服饰、化妆品等大众消费品的消费税政策，统筹调整征税范围、税率和征收环节；
More port of entry duty-free shops will be set up and restored, and the variety of duty-free goods will be expanded appropriately, with the value of duty-free shopping increased by a certain amount so that domestic consumers would find it convenient to purchase foreign products in China.	增设和恢复口岸进境免税店，合理扩大免税品种，增加一定数量的免税购物额，方便国内消费者在境内购买国外产品；
Shopping and customs clearance, as well as tax refund for foreign tourists would expedited, and the requirement for voluntary tax declaration of imported goods shall be strictly implemented according to the law.	进一步推进境外旅客购物通关和退税便利化，严格落实进境物品依法主动申报纳税要求。
Policies that support the inspection and quarantine of cross-border e-commerce imports shall be formulated, and unreasonable fees pertaining to imports shall be put in order.	制定支持跨境电商进口的检验检疫政策，清理进口环节不合理收费；
The program to promote the brands of Chinese products shall be accelerated, the development of physical stores supported, and online-offline interaction achieved.	加快推进中国产品品牌提升工程，支持实体店发展，实现线上线下互动。
Market order shall be normalized, and strong measures shall be taken to crack down on counterfeit and shoddy products so that the survival of the fittest will be advanced.	规范市场秩序，严打假冒伪劣，促进优胜劣汰。
Consumers will be able to shop without having to go far, with comfort and ease of mind, and convenience.	让消费者能就近舒心、便捷购物。
BlackBerry mobile phones have never been known to wow the crowd with their hardware, but pressure from competition has meant that it has to offer a presentable model. Hence, the Passport was launched last September.	BlackBerry（黑莓）手机一直以来都不以硬件取胜，然而面对同行排挤总得有款像样的，于是就有了这个去年9月发布的Passport。
SONY would often launch various black technology products. For instance, this flagship-class 4K ultra short throw projector it launched at the beginning of the year was one such example.	SONY（索尼）时常会有各种黑科技产品推出，比如在年初发布的这款旗舰级的4K反射型超短焦头一机就是其中之一。
Naturally, such a high-end, classy, top-grade product comes with a hefty price tag as well. At JPY5 million, equivalent to approximately RMB250,000, it would be enough to buy a car.	当然如此高端大气上档次的产品售价自然也是不菲，500万日元大概相当于25万人民币，买辆车都够了。
Big screen luxury TVs have always been the hallmark of technological competence of manufacturers. The multiple award winning LG 77-inch curved OLED 4K Smart TV is a classic example of this type of products.	大尺寸奢华电视一直是各大厂商技术实力的代表，此次拿奖拿到手软的LG带来的77英寸曲面4K OLED电视就是此类产品的典型。
This is not merely a simple fixed angle curved screen TV, but a complex device that allows the user to adjust the curvature according to the user’s position!	这不仅仅是简单的固定角度曲面电视，而是为用户打造了一个允许自己根据位置调整曲率的复杂装置！
Based on its 9mm ultra thin display screen, LG has made the curvature of the entire screen difficult to detect with the naked eye, thus achieving maximum variation for a maximum 4000R curvature.	依托9mm的超薄显示面板，LG让整个平板的变形是肉眼很难发觉的，从而实现最大曲率4000R的最大变量。
Simply press the remote control, and the best angle of the 77-inch screen will move as the user wishes, making it suitable for any viewing scene.	用户只需要舒舒服服按动遥控器，就可以让77英寸屏幕的最佳视角随心而动，让它适合任意一个观赏场景。
Leica’s position in the field of cameras is well known. This Leica T mirrorless camera, launched last year, uses the brand new T mount as the lens mount for the Leica mirrorless camera.	Leica（徕卡）在相机领域中的地位自不必多言，这款徕卡T微单是去年发布的产品，启用了全新的T卡口作为徕卡微单的镜头卡口。
In addition to the T mount 23mm fixed and 18-56 zoom lenses launched at the same time, the M-Adapter T allows users of the Leica M series of lenses to attach and use the camera as well.	除了同期发布的T卡口23mm定焦和18-56mm变焦两支镜头外，还能通过M-Adapter T转接环使用徕卡M系列镜头。
Triumph has accurately grasped the crux of these issues, and developed the new Magic Wire bra.	Triumph（黛安芬）准确地抓住了这一问题所在关键之处，研发出新型Magic Wire内衣。
Using silicone, which offers good support, as the underwire, users not only enjoy the comfort of wire-free bras, but also the all-round support of traditional underwired bras.	由于采用了具有良好支撑性的硅胶树脂材料作为内衣圈托，使穿着者不仅享受到无钢圈内衣的舒适感，还获得了如钢圈内衣般的全方位支撑。
It also comes with a built-in mesh stabilizer that provides more support so that the bra is a perfect fit. It also gives the wearer a cleavage.	再辅以提供更多支撑力的内置网格稳定网，从而实现了内衣的完美贴合，塑造丰满的胸部线条。
LG’s home appliances have relatively distinct features these days. RoboSense technology is this CordZero C5 vacuum cleaner’s main feature.	如今LG的家电都相当有特色，这款CordZero C5吸尘器主打无线追踪功能。
The vacuum cleaner is itself a credible machine with maximum suction power of 200 watts. The KOMPRESSER dust compressor technology can compress dust into blocks preventing dust from flying about.	吸尘器本身也不含糊，最高提供200瓦吸力，还有个KOMPRESSER集尘压缩技术，能将灰尘聚合为灰块，解决扬尘问题。
The 6500QL has adopted a brand new design concept while maintaining the excellent quality that is customary of 3M products.	6500QL保持3M产品的一贯的优良品质基础上，采用全新的设计理念。
Its unique cool flow valve can efficiently discharge hot and damp exhaled breath from inside the respirator, allowing easier breathing for users.	独有的冷流呼气阀，可高效排出面罩内部湿热呼气，让用户呼吸更为畅快。
The all-new quick latch design allows for swift donning and doffing of the respirator with one hand, making it convenient for users who need to don and doff their respirators frequently.	全新的快扣设计可实现迅速单手脱戴，方便了需要频繁脱戴面罩的用户。
A bayonet-style connection may be found on both sides of the respirator to which 3M’s particulate filters and organic vapor cartridges may be connected. Together with the respirator, these can effectively withstand various contaminants in a heavily polluted environment.	面罩两侧带有卡口式设计，可装配3M的滤棉及滤毒盒使用，在与面罩的共同作用下可有效抵挡高污染环境下多种有害物质。
As a kitchen helper, Intra Eligo has done its best.	作为厨房生活的帮手，Intra Eligo已经尽力了。
Nespressor has introduced this reusable capsule made of stainless steel for medical use, which allows the user to easily open and stuff the capsule with coffee powder. After stuffing, close the capsule. Coffee may now be brewed.	Nespresso提出了这种医用不锈钢打造的可重复使用胶囊，轻松开启填充咖啡粉，封闭后进行萃取。
This daring design has successfully transformed a sensitive medical issue into one that is acceptable by every woman.	这样大胆的设计，成功的将一个敏感的医学问题变得让每个女性都可以欣然接受。
This model is an improvement over Volvo’s existing safety performance. It carries the latest intersection auto brake system as well as run-off road protection system.	该车型在沃尔沃原有的安全性能方面更进一步，搭载了最新的交叉路口自动刹车系统以及道路偏离保护系统。
Its central touchscreen control panel coupled with Apple Carplay or Android Auto are also further advancement in smart performance.	触摸式一体中控平台加上Apple Carplay或者Android Auto在智能性方面也是更进一筹。
The luxury seven-seater comes with a four-cylinder Drive-E engine is expected to be the choice of many business people.	豪华七座的车内配置加上强大的四缸Drive-E发动机，应该是不少商务人士的选择。
Sold at price starting from RMB828,000, it may be ordered at 4S stores now.	国内售价828,000起，已经可以在4S店订购啦。
As the sole selected Best of the Best product from China, China Airlines’ Premium Business Class cabin design is attractive.	作为这次中国入选Best of the Best的唯一产品，中华航空的这个豪华商务舱设计颇为亮眼。
Various interior design elements, such as the recreational space, lavatory layout, and seat design are integrated, affording high-end travellers an unforgettable flight experience.	各种室内设计因素，诸如休闲空间、厕所布置，座位设计等融为一体，将会给高端客人一个难忘的飞行体验。
Apple Watch finally made its debut at Apple’s Spring conference this March.	在今年3月份的Apple（苹果）春季发布会上，Apple Watch终于和大家正式见面。
With a stainless steel case, sapphire crystal glass panel (Ion-X glass for its sports model), it supports an IPX7 rating for water resistance. The watch comes with an in-built heart rate monitor, and uses wireless charging technology.	其采用全金属机身，蓝宝石表镜（Sport版为Ion-X玻璃），可支持IPX7级别的生活防水，内置心率计，采用无线充电技术。
Independent watchmaking concept laboratory MB&F has assembled a team of watchmaking professionals and artists who view the designing and creation of radical timepieces as their mission.	独立制表概念实验室MB&F集合了一大群钟表专家和艺术圈人士，以全力设计和打造各种突破传统概念的机械钟表为己任。
On January 18, Alibaba held an e-commerce poverty eradication summit in Chongqing, and announced that it would explore a new “Internet + Poverty eradication” model to help spur measures targeted at eradicating poverty and revitalize the rural economy.	1月18日，阿里巴巴在重庆召开电商脱贫高峰对话会，宣布通过探索“互联网+脱贫”新模式，助推精准脱贫和乡村振兴。
This follows Alibaba’s rural strategy, launch of the Rural Taobao program, online rural revitalization and poverty relief platform, as well as the founding of the Alibaba Poverty Relief Fund, and is a step-up commitment by Alibaba toward combating poverty.	这是继提出乡村战略、启动农村淘宝项目、上线兴农扶贫平台、成立阿里巴巴脱贫基金之后，阿里对脱贫攻坚的再次“加码”。
Combating and eradicating poverty is presently one of China’s key national strategies.	脱贫攻坚是当下中国最重要的国家战略之一。
Complete eradication of poverty is unprecedented in the history of China.	全面脱贫在中国过去几千年来从未实现过。
“Poverty relief via e-commerce is a new round of innovative measures aimed at poverty relief and development. It is an important means to achieve measures targeted at poverty relief and eradication.	“电商扶贫是新一轮扶贫开发的创新举措，是实现精准扶贫、精准脱贫的重要抓手。
The Central government very concerned with this issue and has indicated that the Internet can play a part in helping to combat poverty, advance measures targeted at poverty relief and eradication, as well as allow agricultural products to be sold outside the countryside via the Internet.”	中央高度重视并指出，可以发挥互联网在助推脱贫攻坚中的作用，推进精准扶贫、精准脱贫，让农产品通过互联网走出乡村。”
As such, Alibaba had proposed a rural strategy as far back as 2014, which together with big data cloud computing and globalization are its three major core strategies for the next 20 years.	因此，阿里早在2014年就提出了乡村战略，跟大数据云计算和全球化并列为阿里未来20年三大核心战略。
In the same year, Alibaba launched the Rural Taobao program, recruiting “village partners” to help lift villagers out of poverty and move toward affluence by way of e-commerce.	同年，阿里启动了农村淘宝（村淘）项目，在乡村招募“村小二”，带领农民通过电商脱贫致富。
In 2017, Alibaba worked together with the Ministry of Commerce to create a rural revitalization and poverty relief channel that is now connected to a total of 13 provinces and 120 national level poverty-stricken counties.	2017年，阿里跟商务部门合作打造兴农扶贫频道，目前累计对接全国13个省份，120个国家级贫困县。
The Alibaba platform has incubated 2118 Taobao Villages,	阿里平台催生的淘宝村，已经有2118个。
of which close to 400 have emerged in poverty-stricken counties of various provinces, and 33 in 13 poverty-stricken provinces.	其中，接近400个出现在省贫困县，33个出现在13个国家贫困县。
In 2017, at Alibaba’s China retail platform, nationwide sales of Taobao Villages amounted to RMB120 billion.	2017年，在阿里巴巴中国零售平台上，全国淘宝村销售额达到1200亿元。
Daniel Zhang said that confronted with the national strategy to combat poverty, Alibaba has been thinking about how it could effectively use the technology, big data, cloud computing and other innovative competencies within the Alibaba economy to help develop a new path for poverty eradication.	张勇表示，面对脱贫攻坚的国家战略，阿里一直在思考如何用好阿里经济体的科技、大数据、云计算等创新能力，为脱贫走出一条新路来。
Rural Taobao, in particular, is a major platform to help eradicate poverty via e-commerce, and has opened up a new online direct supply and sales link to help eradicate poverty.	其中，村淘是阿里电商脱贫的主要承载平台，并走通了一条直供直销的互联网脱贫新链路。
At planting phase, Rural Taobao and Ant Financial Services have jointly offered means to acquire agricultural resources and tools as well as obtain micro-loans.	在种植环节，村淘和蚂蚁金服联合开展农资农具和小额贷款支持。
In 2017, of the 832 national-level poverty-stricken counties, 795 were served by Ant Financial Services, which provided convenient payments, credit and other relevant services.	2017年，在832个国家级贫困县中，蚂蚁金服服务了795个，为其提供便捷的支付、信贷等服务。
Cainiao helped with warehousing and logistics, while Tmall was responsible for selling. Alibaba Cloud’s big data provided feedback and guidance on agricultural production, further raising the supply standards, quality and market competitiveness of the agricultural produce.	菜鸟解决仓储和物流，天猫负责销售，阿里云的大数据反哺指导农业生产，进一步提高农产品的供应标准、品质和市场竞争力。
The growth in poverty eradication via e-commerce not only requires products, sales channels and industry planning, it also requires talent.	电商脱贫的发展，不仅需要产品、销售通道、产业规划，同时还需要人才。
By way of the e-commerce courses conducted by Taobao University, Alibaba teaches farmers standardized, quality and large-scale methods of cultivation, achieving a combination of “Poverty relief + Knowledge support” so that poverty eradication among farmers is sustainable.	阿里通过淘宝大学开设电商课程，给农民传授标准化、品质化和规模化种植方法，实现了“扶贫+扶心智”相结合，让农民可持续脱贫。
These courses have already reached approximately 92% of national-level poverty-stricken counties.	这些课程已经覆盖约92%的国家级贫困县。
The “philanthropic mentality, commercial means” poverty eradication thinking can also ensure that Alibaba will “genuinely perform poverty relief” when carrying out poverty relief activities.	而“公益心态、商业手段”的脱贫思路，还能保障阿里在扶贫时做到“真扶贫”。
Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma once said that eradicating poverty should be divided into three phases - poverty relief, poverty eradication and becoming affluent.	阿里巴巴董事局主席马云曾表示，消除贫困应该分成扶贫、脱贫和致富三个阶段。
Poverty relief is to give someone a fish; poverty eradication is to teach someone to fish; and becoming affluent is to build a “fish pond” for farmers so that farmers can breed fish.	扶贫是授人以鱼，脱贫是授人以渔，致富是给农民造一个“鱼塘”，让农民有鱼可养。
Poverty relief through industry development led by e-commerce is building that fish pond.	电商带动的产业扶贫，就是造鱼塘。
In terms of poverty relief through industry development, Alibaba has partnered Luochuan County in Shaanxi Province to create a Luochuan apple poverty relief through industry development model, which has been replicated and promoted nationwide as a model by relevant departments.	在产业扶贫上，阿里跟陕西洛川合作打造的洛川苹果产业扶贫模式，已经被有关部门当作范例在全国复制推广。
Alibaba’s poverty relief via e-commerce initiatives have also won the recognition of decision makers.	阿里电商扶贫工作也得到了决策层的认可。
E-commerce firms, represented by Alibaba, have been given the message that farmers would see an increase in production and income with the help of online and offline channels.	以阿里巴巴为代表的电商企业曾被寄语，通过线上线下渠道，确保农民增产增收。
Some village partners and Ant Financial staff have also been invited to the United Nations and Africa to share their poverty relief via e-commerce experience.	一些村小二和蚂蚁金服员工，还被邀请到联合国和非洲，分享电商脱贫的经验。
Currently, the China office of The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has already partnered Rural Taobao in implementing a poverty relief through industry development program in Anhui and other areas.	目前，联合国世界粮食计划署中国办公室已经跟村淘一起，在安徽等地开展电商产业扶贫。
Sina Finance news. The “3rd New Economy Think Tank Summit” jointly organized by Ali Research Institute and the China Visionary Think Tank Forum was held on January 16. Zhang Li, deputy director of the e-commerce research department at the Ministry of Commerce Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation attended and addressed the Summit.	新浪财经讯 由阿里研究院、中国远见智库论潭共同举办的“第三届新经济智库大会”于1月16日举行，商务部研究院电商所所长张莉出席并发言。
She believed that our globalization had in fact ignored the most fundamental issues, i.e., those related to the essence and form of globalization, as well as issues associated with phases of globalization.	她认为我们全球化其实忽略了最重要的问题，就是全球化的体与用的问题，还有全球化的阶段问题。
As a result, many believed that globalization has stagnated. Moreover, in the new phase, many developed and developing countries hold different attitudes toward globalization and its pattern.	这样子很多人认为全球化停滞了，而且很多发达国家和发展中国家，在新的阶段里面他们对全球化的态度不一样，是对模式的不一样。
The second concept is concerned with issues related to the intermediate phase of globalization. What constrains the intermediate phase of globalization?	第二个概念就是全球化中期阶段的问题，全球化的中期阶段受什么制约呢？
The reason why globalization is constrained by the economic environment and fundamentals is precisely because changing economic fundamentals have led to constraints on globalization.	受经济环境基础的制约，正是因为经济基础发生了变化全球化才发生了制约。
Zhang Li believed that adjustments to the global economy have generally come to an end at the end of 2017. A new growth phase, will begin in 2018, and growth will be driven by producer goods.	张莉认为，2017年底全球经济调整基本上结束，2018年之后将进入新一轮增长期，下一轮增长一定是生产品拉动。
JD’s first fresh food supermarket 7FRESH officially opened for business recently, and plans to set up more than 1,000 stores nationwide in three to five years.	京东首家生鲜超市7FRESH近日正式开业，计划未来3到5年在全国铺设超过1000家门店。
Together with Alibaba’s Hema Supermarket, Yonghui Superstores’ Super Species, Suning’s SUFRESH, Meituan’s Zhangyu Store, and others, “new retail outlets” have begun to emerge in clusters, and have even “challenged” each other on price in this innovative model.	加上阿里的盒马鲜生、永辉的超级物种、苏宁的苏鲜生、美团的掌鱼生鲜等，“新零售门店”开始扎堆出现，并在创新模式甚至价格上互相“叫板”。
The fresh food supermarket war has escalated, and have become a phenomenal topic in the new retail sector. Just what is new in new retail?	生鲜超市争夺战升级，已经成为新零售领域的现象级话题，新零售到底新在哪？
“We will rapidly expand nationwide in 2018, and will open a large number of stores in Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou before the Spring Festival,”	“2018年我们会快速进入全国，春节前在北京、上海、杭州会开出一大堆的店。”
Hema Supermarket CEO Hou Yi revealed the company’s new approach for 2018 at the 2nd New Retail Summit on the 10th.	盒马鲜生CEO侯毅10日在第二届新零售峰会上透露了2018年的“新打法”。
“With effect from 2018, Hema will not merely be a fresh produce e-commerce firm; rather, we will be a general household goods and grocery e-commerce firm that meets consumers’ requirement for prompt delivery service.	“从2018年开始，盒马不单单是一家生鲜电商，而是满足消费者即时服务的生活品类电商。
The core model calls for conduction and experience in offline stores, while genuine sales are done online.”	核心模式线下是引流、体验，线上是真正的销售。”
Unlike traditional hypermarkets and supermarkets, Hema Supermarket is, in the eyes of many consumers, a popular Internet store that is fun and has good food. Some intermediaries have even come up with the concept of “He district housing” (housing within a 3km radius of a Hema Supermarket).	区别于传统的大卖场、超市，盒马鲜生在很多消费者眼里是一家好玩好吃的“网红店”，甚至有中介机构打出了“盒区房”的概念。
Both online e-commerce platforms and offline retail stores have their respective strengths and weaknesses, and consumers are present at various channels. Therefore, both parties are attempting the multi-channel model.	线上电商平台和线下零售商各有优缺点，消费者却是在多种渠道出现，所以双方都在尝试全渠道模式。
Industry insiders believe that against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading, more “Hema type” stores will be opened in 2018.	业内认为，在消费升级的大背景下，2018年“类盒马”的门店会越来越多。
Meanwhile, Hema has continued to widen its product scope, expanding from fresh foods initially into other consumer goods. This suggests that more innovation in the retail market will be forthcoming in the new year.	而盒马从最初的生鲜不断探索到更多消费领域，预示了在新的一年里，零售市场将出现更多创新。
“For instance, the integrated online-offline business model has attracted consumer eyeballs. Fresh foods supermarkets that have opened across the country have been popular among and welcomed by the masses.”	“比如线上线下结合的业务模式，吸引了消费者的眼球，各地开出的生鲜超市叫座又叫好。”
“Nonetheless, these relationships are useless regardless of how much you talk about them or how cool they are. At the end of the day, it’s all about whether or not you have given consumers a good experience. Only after I have had an experience would I be willing to foot the bill.”	“但这些关系说得再多，再炫都没用，最后落实到你是不是给消费者带来了美好的体验，我体验好了才愿意买单。”
As far as RT-Mart’s feiniu.com CEO Yuan Bin is concerned, under the new retail environment, consumer habits have changed; and shopping requirements have changed as well.	在大润发飞牛网联席CEO袁彬看来，新零售环境下，消费者习惯改变了，购买需求也改变了。
Originally, there was a clear demarcation between online and offline; offline wanted to defeat online, and online wanted to counter-attack offline. Now, on the other hand, it’s become a partnership, because consumers no longer see a difference between online and offline.	原来纯线上、线下是割裂的，线下要打败线上，线上要反攻线下，现在是一起牵手，因为消费者已经没有线上线下的区分了。
Capital, competing for a slice of the pie, has made the retail market, represented by fresh food supermarkets, a powder keg.	资本的争相入局，让目前以生鲜超市为代表的新零售火药味十足。
Analysis shows that at present, new retail competition in Tier 1 cities is still a long way from a red ocean situation, and there is still plenty of Tier 2 cities yet to be explored. Enormous opportunities and potential exist in the market.	分析认为，目前新零售在一线城市的竞争还远未到红海的格局，而且还有大片的二线城市尚待挖掘，市场仍有很大机会和空间。
New retail plans proposed by different types of industries will lead new retail development into a state of diversified growth.	不同类型的行业对于新零售的布局，会将新零售的发展带入一个多元化的发展状态。
CCTV-2 and the National Academy of Economic Strategy, CASS have compiled a stack of dry goods, i.e., this weighty annual report on the development of the e-commerce industry in China.	央视财经频道联合中国社科院财经战略研究院，给大家梳理了一份干货，就是这份沉甸甸的中国电商年度发展报告。
What sort of report card did China’s e-commerce industry receive this year?	这一年来，中国电商出了一份怎样的成绩单？
What are the growth trends of the global e-commerce industry?	全球电商又都有哪些发展趋势？
Let us reveal the results one by one.	我们来一一为大家揭晓。
Total sales volume set a new record while growth returned to the acceleration track	销售总量再破记录增速重回加速轨道
China’s online retail sales have been sky rocketing since 2006. This may be attributed to the fact that online shopping was still a very novel idea at the time. Shopping without leaving home; cool!	从2006年开始，我国网上零售额可以说一直呈现超高速增长，估计是那会儿觉得网购很新鲜，不出门也能买东西，太酷了！
Since 2013 however, the online retail sales growth rate has decelerated from more than 50% to less than 40% for the first time in 2015; in 2016, the growth rate was 26.2%.	但从2013年开始，网上零售增速开始降至50%以下，2015年，增速首次低于40%，2016年增速居然变成了26.2%。
The situation changed this year, however. Online retail sales accelerated again. For the first nine months of this year, growth rate rebounded to 34.2%,	但是今年情况就不一样了，网上零售额重新加速，今年1-9月份，增速回升至34.2 %。
significantly higher than the growth rates seen in 2015 and 2016.	大大高于2015年、2016年的增长率。
Perhaps shoppers took a detour but eventually realized that retail therapy does wonders for one’s mind and body.	可能大家在外兜兜转转一圈，发现还是买买买更让人身心愉悦。
In particular, online retail sales of physical goods amounted to approximately RMB5.08 trillion, while online retail sales of services amounted to nearly RMB1.49 trillion.	其中，实物商品网上零售额近5.08万亿元，服务网上零售额近1.49万亿元。
This comprised 13.6% of total retail sales of consumer goods, up nearly 3 percentage points year-on-year.	在社会商品总零售额中占比达到13.6 %，同比提高近3个百分点。
Wake up, students. It’s time to highlight the key points. Online retail sales of services was definitely a major contributor!	同学们，别打瞌睡，划重点了，服务网上零售额绝对是一大功臣啊！
Elsewhere, per capita online shopping of French netizens who are obsessed with online shopping amounted to US$1,925. Goods they purchased online are primarily clothing, worthy of being called a nation of fashion lovers.	其次爱剁手的法国网民，人均网购额为1925美元，而他们网购最多的商品，是服装，不愧是爱时尚的国度。
Who says those who love online shopping most must be young?	最爱网购的，一定是年轻人吗？
The start-ups that will help your company avoid becoming the next Uber	帮助您避免公司成为下一个优步的初创公司
Amy Errett wanted to gauge employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but surveys weren't working.	艾米·埃雷特曾经想在她的电子商务初创公司调查员工的幸福感，但调查没什么作用。
Responses were often vague, unhelpful or, worse, deceitful.	得到的回复往往都语焉不详，毫无助益，甚至更糟的是还有欺骗性的回复。
And even if she promised anonymity, some workers didn't trust the process.	即使她承诺采用匿名形式，但是有些员工仍然不信任这一过程。
"It just never had consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.	埃雷特负责管理 75 人的旧金山电子商务护发公司 Madison Reed，她表示“得到的回复缺乏一致性和客观性”。
So she called in outsiders for help.	所以她打电话对外求助。
A new breed of human resources start-ups is cropping up to help companies figure out how their employees feel.	一批新的人力资源初创公司如雨后春笋般涌现，帮助公司了解员工的感受。
By building and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, they allow companies to do snap polls, target specific teams and demographic groups, offer employees anonymity and complaint hotlines, and in some cases allow whistle-blowers to bypass C-suite executives and go straight to the board of directors.	他们构建并授权专门用于衡量员工参与度的软件，从而使得公司可以针对特定团队和人口群体快速进行民意测验，为员工提供匿名和投诉热线，并且在某些情况下允许举报人绕过高管直接报告给董事会。
"You've now got tools such as Strava and Fitbit for tracking your health, but where's the Fitbit for your company?" said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.	“现在，你可以用 Strava 和 Fitbit 等工具来追踪你的健康状况，但是公司的 Fitbit 在哪里呢？”红木城创业公司 Glint 的联合创始人兼首席执行官吉姆·巴内特表示。Glint 软件分析工具被各家公司用来衡量员工敬业度。
Errett said she gained more insight into what her employees were thinking and feeling in three years using Glint.	埃雷特表示在三年内，她用 Glint 获得了对员工想法和感受的更多见解。
In addition to the snap surveys and polls of specific teams, it offers a heat map of the company showing at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - allowing her to drill down on why.	除了特定团队的快速调查和民意调查之外，Glint 还提供公司热图，哪些单位投诉最多，哪些经理批准分数低，一目了然 – 这让她能够深入了解原因。
Companies are coming to realize they must stay on top of their workplace culture, lest they become the next Uber, which has been enmeshed in scandal since a former employee published a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke out were punished.	各家公司开始意识到他们必须熟练掌控公司的职场文化，以免成为下一个优步。优步前员工之前发表了一篇博客文章描述骚扰环境，这些发言者被公司惩罚，之后优步便陷入了丑闻。
For start-ups such as Glint, this desire for oversight is a lucrative business opportunity.	对于像 Glint 这样的初创公司来说，公司这种监督愿望是一个钱途无量的商机。
The global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to finance tech insights website Let's Talk Payments.	根据金融技术分析网站 Let's Talk Payments 的数据，到 2020 年，全球治理、监管和合规行业的价值可能会超过 1,187 亿美元。
Denver, Colo., start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw an uptick in interest and activity earlier this year amid Uber's fall into disrepute.	科罗拉多州丹佛的初创企业 Convercent 致力于帮助公司防止和发现不良行为，在今年早些时候优步声誉受损期间，他们看到了此方面兴趣和活动的增加。
Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.	Convercent 拥有近 600 个客户，其中包括爱彼迎、微软和特斯拉。
Uber recently signed up as a client.	优步最近签约成为客户。
Like Glint, Convercent lets companies send customized "pulse" surveys, gather confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of its problem areas.	与 Glint 一样，Convercent 可以让公司发送定制化的“诊断”调查，实时收集机密回应，查看其问题区域的热图。
It also offers an anonymous texting hotline that lets employees report bad behavior.	Convercent 还提供匿名短信热线，让员工上报不良行为。
And if the chief executive is implicated, complaints go straight to the board of directors.	如果董事长受到牵连，那么投诉将直接进入董事会。
"The court of public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, the founder and chief executive of Convercent.	Convercent 的创始人兼首席执行官帕特里克·昆兰表示：“舆论法庭篡夺了监管机构的权力。
If a company is found to treat its employees poorly or behave unethically, even if regulators don't step in, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee attrition and lawsuits, Quinlan said.	如果一家公司被发现对待员工不善或者对员工表现不道德，即使监管机构不介入，这家公司也可能面临消费者抵制、员工流失和卷入诉讼的高昂后果，昆兰表示。
Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees across 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and offer an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.	Ruby Tuesday 是一家横跨 500 多个地方并拥有超过 25,000 名员工的餐饮连锁店，已使用 Convercent 一年多，确保员工了解工作准则与工作规程，提供联系公司总部的轻松途径。
Previously, if an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, lodge a formal complaint, and hope it was taken seriously.	在此之前，如果员工想要报告问题，必须找到公司总部电话号码或电子邮件，提出正式投诉，并希望总部能对此予以认真对待。
It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way of tracking employee complaints.	这往往是一种令人畏惧而不安的经历，Ruby Tuesday 的法律总顾问詹姆斯·维特拉诺如是说，他认为并没有一种好的方法可以追踪员工的投诉。
Now that the company is using Convercent, though, problems that were previously hidden from executives who sat in offices cities or states away - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair wage practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.	但现在该公司使用 Convercent，就能更快地发现和解决之前位于远距离办公室、城市或州的高管所不知道的问题 - 如歧视、骚扰或不公平的工资行为。
"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view into the employment experience," said Vitrano, who oversees Ruby Tuesday's risk management group.	“我可以更近地、360 度全方位地了解工作体验，”负责 Ruby Tuesday 风险管理团队的维特拉诺说道。
"And we're protecting our shareholders from employment litigation."	“我们正在保护我们的股东免受就业诉讼。”
Companies started taking ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed because of ethical violations from the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.	昆兰表示，在安道尔会计师事务所因安然丑闻违反道德规范而倒闭后，各家公司从 2002 年开始更加重视道德、价值观和员工敬业度。
But it wasn't until "social media came into its own" that companies realized they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going viral online.	但直到“社交媒体走入了自己的世界”之后，各家公司才意识到他们无法阻止他们的爆料在网上病毒式传播。
"Prior to using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.	“在使用技术监测道德之前，人们把希望视为一种策略，”他说。
Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies recurring fees to use their products.	Glint 和 Convercent 均将其软件作为服务提供，并向各家公司收取产品使用的经常性费用。
It's a business model and opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors, who have propped up both start-ups.	这种商业模式和商业机会得到风险投资者的支持，这些投资者已经为这两家初创公司提供支持。
Convercent raised $10 million in funding in February from firms such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing its total capital raised to $47 million.	2 月份，Convercent 从 Sapphire Ventures 和 Tola Capital 等公司筹集了 1000 万美元的资金，其总资本上升至 4700 万美元。
Glint secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total funding to $60 million.	11 月份，Glint 从 Bessemer Venture Partners 获得了 1000 万美元的资金，其总资金达到 6000 万美元。
These investments hardly come as a surprise, given the interconnected nature of companies, culture and venture capital.	鉴于公司、文化和风险投资之间的相互关联性，这些投资几乎不会让人感到惊讶。
There's a growing body of research showing today's employees expect more from their workplaces than before.	越来越多的研究表明，今天的员工对工作场所的期望比以前更高。
In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are merely table stakes.	在像硅谷这样竞争激烈的市场中，高薪水和有趣的项目仅仅是赌注。
Employees want to feel that they're accepted and valued and that they're giving their time to a company with a positive mission.	员工希望感受到他们被接受、被重视，感受到他们的时间花在一个有积极使命的公司身上。
"When people are happy to be at a company, feel their voices are heard, and that the work they are doing is rewarding, they are more committed to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen, vice president of global benefits and employee experience at LinkedIn, which uses both Convercent and Glint.	“当人们乐于加入公司、感受到他们的声音被聆听、他们所做的工作是有益的，他们就会更加致力于让公司取得成功，”LinkedIn 全球福利和员工体验副总裁妮娜·麦卡特尼表示。LinkedIn 同时使用 Convercent 和 Glint 这两款软件。
Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies do well; companies do well when employees are committed and engaged.	投资者在其投资组合公司表现良好时实现回报；公司在员工忠诚和敬业时表现良好。
If third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee commitment and engagement, it's no wonder they're finding backing.	如果第三方分析工具承诺增加员工的忠诚度和敬业度，他们会寻找财务支持也就不足为怪了。
Having data on employee engagement is important, according to workplace culture experts.	工作场所文化专家称，掌握员工敬业度数据非常重要。
But the data are useless unless a company's custodians take action.	但是，除非公司的管理员采取行动，否则这些数据毫无用处。
In fact, if a company asks employees for their feedback, it can set an expectation that change is on the way.	事实上，如果一家公司要求员工提供反馈意见，就可以预期这家公司正在进行变革。
And if change doesn't come fast enough, or at all, it can breed disappointment and make employees disengaged.	如果变革进展得不够快，或者没有一点进展，则可能会带来失望，并导致员工脱离公司。
"If you're going to ask for 4,000 suggestions, you need to be prepared to have 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting at business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies make the mistake of relying too much on data collection.	商业管理公司科特国际公司的咨询业务主管拉塞尔·拉思表示：“如果你想寻求 4000 条建议，那么你需要准备好进行 4000 次对话。”他看到过一些公司过分依赖数据采集的错误。
"Because if you don't follow through, employees will wonder, 'Did you really hear me?	“因为如果不全程跟进，员工就会想，‘你真的听到我说的了吗？
Do you care?	你在乎吗？
And if you don't care, why should I care?' "	如果你不在乎，我为什么要在乎呢？’”
Madison Reed, which now does monthly employee surveys, has been able to take action the same day a problem is reported on Glint, according to Errett.	埃雷特表示，Madison Reed 现在每月进行员工调查，已经能够在 Glint 报告问题的当天采取行动。
And, after gathering feedback from employees frustrated by the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, she was able to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.	收集员工有关他们因决策速度和沟通质量而受挫的反馈意见之后，她就能够通过重组公司内部团队、增加沟通培训来解决问题。
Over at Ruby Tuesday, the company is getting new insight on its employees, and it's hoping that in the long run, this will convert to better retention of workers in an industry known for high turnover.	Ruby Tuesday 公司正在获取对其员工的新见解，从长远来看，他们希望能够在这个以高人才流失率著称的行业中作出转变，更好地保留员工。
"If you're not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you're going to lose people," Vitrano said.	“如果你不致力于创造透明文化，你会失去人才，”维特拉诺说道。
"And if you lose people, you're going to lose customers.	“如果你失去了人才，你就将失去客户。
And when you lose customers, you're going to lose companies."	而当你失去客户时，你就将失去公司。”
This year the swimming events of World Cup will return to the 25-meter short pool. It will consist of 9 sub-station races and one more European station than 2015.	今年游泳世界杯的赛事回归25米短池，由9个分站比赛组成，比2015年多一个欧洲站。
As a world-class player who defeated Ding Junhui in Snooker Project of the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games and won the gold medal in this project, Marco Fu should be the most famous Snooker player among the active athletes in Hong Kong.	作为曾在2010年广州亚军会斯诺克项目中击败丁俊晖，获得该项目金牌的世界级选手，傅家俊应该是香港现役运动员中知名度最高的斯诺克球手。
The unveiling ceremony of “Taking Stock of the Chinese Language 2016”, jointly hosted by the National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center, Commercial Press and people.cn, was held in Beijing today.	由国家语言资源监测与研究中心、商务印书馆、人民网主办的“汉语盘点2016”揭晓仪式今天在京举行。
Sterling's controversial goal defeated Arsenal, which is really a timely and inspiring attempt for Manchester City after losing two battles in the three matches before.	斯特林争议进球绝杀阿森纳，之于此前3轮2场败北的曼城，着实是一针太及时的强心剂。
(Reporter: Lu Bo) On May 12, Deputy Mayor Chen Lvping arrived at Yongchuan to inspect the status of the implementation of rectifications from the feedback and opinions of the Central Environmental Inspection Group as well as the comprehensive treatment of river basins by the region, as well as to hold a forum. It was understood that Yongchuan had set up a task force for the purpose of conscientiously carrying out the rectification task resulting from the feedback and opinions of the Central Environmental Inspection Group. The rectification task was broken down into 21 regional-level leading departments, and 23 leading towns and streets. The relevant rectification has fully commenced.	本报讯（记者卢波）5月12日，副市长陈绿平赴永川，就该区落实整改中央环保督察反馈意见和临江河流域综合治理进行调研，并举行座谈会。 据了解，为扎实抓好中央环保督察反馈意见整改工作，永川区成立了工作领导小组，将整改任务分解到21个区级牵头部门和23个牵头镇街，相关整改工作已全面启动。
Urban romance-business drama “Feather Flies To The Sky” has been a big hit on Jiangsu Television. The drama tells the story of the arduous and passionate entrepreneurial history and romance of three generations of people.	都市情感商业大剧《鸡毛飞上天》正在江苏卫视热播，该剧讲述了三代人既艰辛曲折又充满激情的创业史和情感史故事。
This director of plays, who was born in the 1940s, is a highly respected elder in the performing arts circle. He was a winner of the Golden Lion Award, and was entitled to special subsidy from the State Council.	这位出生于上世纪40年代的话剧导演，是业界德高望重的老前辈，话剧金狮奖得主，享受国务院特殊津贴。
In the men's 50-meter backstroke, Koga Junya from Japan won the champion with 22'85 and Chinese athlete Xu Jiayu ranked eighth with 23'54.	男子50米仰泳，中国选手徐嘉余以23秒54的成绩排名第八，日本选手谷赫纯也以22秒85夺冠。
The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices makes for a long day for the Bruins	NCAA 取消每日两次的训练，延长熊队白天的训练时间
It's pushing 11 p.m. as a throng of UCLA football players linger to chat on one side of the team's new on-campus practice fields.	时间接近晚上 11 点，加州大学洛杉矶分校足球队队员在球队新的校园练习场旁边徘徊聊天。
Some have peeled off their jersey tops, revealing backs slick with sweat from the toil of the first day of training camp.	有些球员已经脱下运动衫，露出集训营第一天努力训练后汗流浃背的身体。
For a good chunk of the team, these idle minutes constitute a midday break.	对于球队中很大一部分人来说，这空闲的几分钟就是休息时间。
Players enrolled in summer classes will head back to their dorms after the three-hour practice to study for final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings at 6:30 the following morning.	参加夏季课程的球员在三小时练习后将返回宿舍备考期末考试，然后第二天早上 6:30 返回 Wasserman 足球中心参加会议。
"This is a grind for these guys the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said not long before Monday turned into Tuesday.	“接下来的三天对这些家伙是一种磨合，”熊队教练吉姆·莫拉在周一即将进入周二时说道。
The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices, designed to lighten the load on players, has actually lengthened their days - at least until finals end Friday.	NCAA 取消了每日两次练习（旨在减轻球员负担），但实际上延长了他们白天的训练时间 - 至少在周五结束之前。
That's why UCLA's first three practices were scheduled to begin at 7:15 p.m. to accommodate players' already crammed schedules.	这就是为什么加州大学洛杉矶分校的前三次训练定于下午 7 点 15 分开始，以适应球员已经挤塞的时间表。
The trade-off from no two-a-days is more one-a-days, the Bruins pushing up the start of camp nearly a week from last season and holding practices during summer school for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.	从取消一天两次训练到更多地进行一天一次训练，熊队在上个赛季前差不多一个星期展开训练，莫拉在韦斯特伍德的六个赛季中首次于暑期学校进行训练。
They are scheduled to hold 18 practices through Aug. 20 before beginning formal game preparations for their opener against Texas A&M on Sept.	他们计划从 8 月 20 日开始进行 18 场训练，然后再开始为 9 月份首战德州农工进行正式比赛做赛前准备。
Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change even if it did add another item to players' busy itineraries.	莫拉说，他支持 NCAA 的规则调整，虽然这样会让球员繁忙的行程又增加了另一个项目。
"We're putting this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," Mora said.	“三或四天时间内，我们会给他们施加巨大的训练量，非常具有挑战性，”莫拉说道。
"And they've just pushed through it; they grind, they're great kids.	“他们也刚刚通过。他们在磨练，他们都是很棒的孩子。
I think once we get to Saturday and we'll have more time, it will really be great."	我想到了周六，我们就会有更多时间，真的很棒。”
UCLA will close its practices once camp is finished, no easy task given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjoining Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a protective net behind a goalpost.	集训营一结束，加州大学洛杉矶分校就会停止训练。考虑到邻近的停车场和 Luskin Center 的清晰视线，这不是一个容易的任务。Luskin Center 高级酒店已被穿过球门柱后防护网的足球投掷得遍体鳞伤。
Bruins players are scheduled to occupy the hotel beginning this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be an issue once those rooms are vacant during the season.	本周末开始，熊队队员将住在酒店。但莫拉承认，一旦这些房间在赛季中空置，可能会出现问题。
"We will have security," Mora said.	“我们会采取安保措施，”莫拉说。
"That is a real concern and it's not far-fetched to think that people can rent a room and sit up there and videotape a practice.	“这是一个真正令人担忧的问题。认为有人可能会租一个房间、坐在房间里录制训练场景，这个想法并不牵强。
If you have videotape of a practice, it's a pretty good deal.	如果你有训练录像带，也相当不错。
But we'll have security there and we'll have security up in Parking Lot 8.	但是我们在那里会采安保措施，在 8 号停车场也会采取安保措施。
We'll do the best we can with what we got.	我们会利用现有资源，做到最好。
I'm not going to worry too much about it.	对此，我不会过多担心。
We have a plan in place."	我们已经制定好了计划。”
Figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) revealed that in the second quarter of this year, residential property prices in Australia nationwide rose by an average of 1.5% to 2%, and were 3.5% higher on an annual basis, the lowest annual growth rate since March 2013.	澳洲统计局(ABS)数据显示，今年第二季度，全澳房屋价值平均上涨1.5%至2%，年增3.5%，创自2013年3月以来最低年增率。
Just when real estate agents were looking forward to selling more real estate during the holiday season, growth rate of residential property prices was the lowest since 2013.	就在房产中介期待在节日季出售更多房产之际，澳洲房价增幅却创2013年以来最低水平。
IT Home reported this morning that Wall Street Journal claimed that AT&T has canceled plans to sell Huawei’s new flagship smart phone in the US.	IT之家上午报道，华尔街日报消息称AT&T已经取消计划在美国销售华为新旗舰智能手机的计划。
Huawei’s original plan was to announce this partnership at the CES this week, but AT&T canceled the partnership at the last minute.	华为原计划本周在CES上宣布该合作关系，AT&T在最后一刻取消了这一合作。
In a January 9 response to a Bloomberg reporter as regards this turn of events (January 9 US local time), Huawei said that it would release its new product and specific listing information to the US market.	针对这一情况，华为方面1月9日回应澎湃新闻记者表示，美国当地时间1月9日，华为将向美国市场发布新产品以及具体上市信息。
Huawei indicated that in the past five years, it has already launched high-end products worldwide and in the US market, proving its strength and competence.	华为表示，过去5年，华为已通过在全球和美国市场推出高端产品，证明自己的实力。
According to the earlier IT Home report, Huawei will unveil the “best smartphone you’ve never heard of” in the afternoon of January 9 at the CES held in Las Vegas. The battery life of this model could support two days of continuous use.	据IT之家此前的报道，华为将于1月9日下午在拉斯维加斯CES大展上发布一款“你从未听说过的最好手机”，并且这款手机的续航能力能够支撑两天的使用。
Industry insiders generally believe that the flagship mobile phone Huawei will soon unveil is the Huawei Mate 10 Pro equipped with Android Oreo.	业界普遍认为，华为即将发布的这款旗舰手机，即是搭载Android Oreo系统的华为Mate 10 Pro。
Yangcheng Evening News reporter Wang Li. The film “I Am Not Madame Bovary” starring Fan Bingbing, as well as Guo Tao, Da Peng, Zhang Jiayi and others, will be released nationwide on September 30.	羊城晚报记者王莉由范冰冰领衔，郭涛、大鹏、张嘉译等主演的电影《我不是潘金莲》将于9月30日全国上映。
Yesterday, the film held a workshop with the theme “Sorrow in Comedies” in Beijing. Feng Xiaogang, Ning Hao and Da Peng attended the event.	昨天，该片在北京举行“喜剧的忧伤”主题研讨会，冯小刚、宁浩、大鹏三位嘉宾出席活动。
Alternating circular and square image composition; the director was simply willful What was special about “I Am Not Madame Bovary” was the alternating circular and square image compositions. In particular, the circular frames shot with a hooded lens were fresh and interesting.	构图方圆交替，导演就是任性《我不是潘金莲》的特别之处，是构图方圆交替，特别是以遮罩镜头拍出的圆形画面很有新鲜感。
Feng Xiaogang explained, “ This theme was very similar to Director Zhang Yimou’s “The Story of Qiu Ju”, so it’s very easy for many to lump the two together. So I started to think how I should shoot the film using a method no one has used before. Actually, it wasn’t really a very special idea. I just thought it’d be fun to do something a little different.”	冯小刚解释：“这个题材跟张艺谋导演的《秋菊打官司》很像，大家很容易联想到一块儿，我就想怎么用大家没用过的方式去拍。其实没有什么特别的想法，就是觉得好玩，想干点出格的事。”
Feng Xiaogang said he regarded the work as his maiden work, and learned how to shoot circular frames from the camera people. He even spent a few million to allow the camera people to shoot a 10-minute pilot.	冯小刚称自己把作品当成处女作，跟摄影师学习怎么拍圆形画面，甚至花了几百万元让摄影师拍了一个十分钟的试片。
Facebook to step up fact-checking in fight against fake news	脸书将推出事实核查功能，打击虚假新闻
Facebook is to send more potential hoax articles to third-party fact checkers and show their findings below the original post, the world's largest online social network said on Thursday as it tries to fight so-called fake news.	脸书在周四宣称，将发送更多潜在恶作剧文章给第三方检测机构，并在原帖下方展示检测结果。脸书这一全球最大的在线社交网络正试图打击所谓的假新闻。
The company said in a statement on its website it will start using updated machine learning to detect possible hoaxes and send them to fact checkers, potentially showing fact-checking results under the original article.	脸书公司在其网站的声明中表示，脸书将开始使用更新的机器来学习检测可能的恶作剧并将其发送给事实核查器，并可能在原帖下方显示事实核查结果。
Facebook has been criticized as being one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many think influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election.	脸书被批评为所谓假新闻的主要传播点之一，许多人认为脸书影响了 2016 年美国总统大选。
The issue has also become a big political topic in Europe, with French voters deluged with false stories ahead of the presidential election in May and Germany backing a plan to fine social media networks if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, ahead of elections there in September.	这个问题也成为欧洲的一个重大政治话题，法国五月份总统选举前，选民遭遇了虚假故事的泛滥，德国则率先在九月选举前通过了对罚款计划的支持，如果社交媒体网络未能及时删除仇恨帖，则会被处以罚款。
On Thursday Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking feature was being launched in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.	脸书周四在德国的一份单独声明中表示，正在美国、法国、荷兰和德国启动一项新的事实核查功能测试。
"In addition to seeing which stories are disputed by third-party fact checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook news feed product manager, in a blog.	脸书新闻馈送产品经理莎拉·苏在一篇博客中表示：“除了看到哪些故事受到第三方事实核查员的质疑外，人们还希望有更多的背景来帮助他们对阅读和分享的内容做出明智的决定。
She added that Facebook would keep testing its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to cut down on false news.	她补充说，脸书将继续测试其“相关文章”功能，并对其新闻提要进行其他更改以减少虚假新闻。
Building a graphic novel: A Castle in England's story	创作一部绘图小说：英格兰城堡的故事
In its recent past, the diminutive Scotney Castle has featured in a Squeeze music video and been a bolthole for Margaret Thatcher during the 1970s and 1980s.	最近，小巧的斯科特尼城堡在压缩版音乐影片中成为主角，并一度成为玛格丽特·撒切尔 (Margaret Thatcher) 夫人在七八十年代期间的避难所。
But Scotney has witnessed 700 years of tumultuous history from its cosy seat in Bewl River valley in Kent, now inspiration for a graphic novel written by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.	但是斯科特尼在肯特州贝乐河峡谷舒适的位置上目睹了 700 年的动荡历史，现在它则成为由杰米·罗德斯 (Jamie Rhodes) (一个对历史文件有特别爱好、留着拖把头的约克郡人) 所写图形小说的灵感来源。
"I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.	“可以看到 300 年前古人的笔迹，我发现这真是太美了 ”，他满眼向往地说道。
"What a personal connection, to hold that letter in my hand."	“这是什么样的人际缘分才能让这封信落在我手上。”
Spanning the middle ages to the Edwardian era, A Castle in England documents the families that lived in Scotney, with each story illustrated by a different, upcoming UK artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.	跨越中世纪直到爱德华时代，“一座英格兰城堡”读本记录了居在斯科特尼的各个家族，每个故事都是由不同的、英国未来的艺术家如 Isaac Lenkiewicz、Briony May Smith、William Exley、Becky Palmer，以及 Isabel Greenberg 所作。
It is not Rhodes's first book based on an archive: he also wrote 2014's Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.	这并不是罗兹第一本以档案为原材料的书：他还写了《2014 年死人的牙齿和其他故事》，这是一本受英国图书馆文献启发而作的图书，这是一个他受到无法控制的创作激情而完成的作品。
"I welled up at just the thumbprint on the side of a letter, written by a double agent in the 1700s who was working for the Jacobites," he says.	他说：“我在看到信件一侧留下的拇指印记那刻起就不可抑制自己的写作冲动，该封信是一位 18 世纪为雅各布派工作的双重特工所写。”
"That's his thumbprint!	“那是他的指纹！
And letters always smell like smoke because, back then, you lit a fire for light.	而且信件一直闻起来有股烟味，因为那时候，你需要点火才能有光亮。
To someone 300 years in the future, the smell makes it feel like they're there, too.	对于300年后的我们来说，这种气味让人感觉他们也在我们身边。
Ah, I love archives!"	噢，我喜欢档案文献！”
For someone so smitten with old papers, getting support from the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("I overstayed my welcome a little bit, to be honest") seems too good to be true.	对于那些被旧纸张打动的人来说，可以得到英格兰国家信托和艺术委员会的支持并在城堡里生活了将近四个月 (“说实话，我呆的时间有点久了”) 似乎太棒了，简直不相信是真的。
Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, going through the archives and studying the manor's many treasures and curios, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.	罗兹耗费了数天时间参观浏览维多利亚的“新”城堡，翻阅档案、研究庄园的许多宝藏和古玩，比如挂在墙上的鬣狗头，以及在护城河中度过了几个世纪的瓶子等等。
He wandered the grounds and the ruins of the old castle, talking to rangers, gardeners and sometimes the artists at work on his book's illustrations.	他漫步在旧城堡的土地和废墟上，与流浪者、园丁，有时候与为他书中绘制插图艺术家聊天。
Then at night, he'd "drink whiskey and get writing."	然后到了晚上，他就会“喝点威士忌，然后写作。”
The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust had only gained full access in 2006 when the final heir, Elizabeth Hussey, died.	斯科特尼的隐秘历史还不是很清楚，因为“英国国民信托组织” (National Trust) 只有在 2006 年最后的继承人伊丽莎白·赫西去世后才完全进入。
When Rhodes arrived a decade later, staff were only starting to tackle the archive, which he describes as "hundreds of years of aristocrats going: 'Oh, stick it in the loft'."	十年后，当罗兹到来时，工作人员才开始处理档案，他把它们形容为“数百年前的贵族们要走了：“哦，把它放在阁楼里吧'。”
Diaries, letters from the days of the English empire, maps outlining who owned what: "You'd think land disputes would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was this one birch tree two families were fighting over.	日记、来自英国帝国时代的信件、描绘了各个国家疆域的地图：“你会认为土地纠纷会很无聊 ”，罗兹说，“但是会发生两个家族会为了一棵白桦树而大打出手。
Just let it go, guys!"	放手吧，伙计们！”
Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a jumping-off point to delve more broadly into English history, including The Labourer, which follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the 1381 Peasants' Revolt.	该作品中的一些故事以城堡作为起点，进而来更广泛的层面研究英国的历史，其中包括《劳动者》 (The Labourer) ，该故事以一名离开新建城堡参加1381年农民起义的人为线索。
"There is a record of a riot happening at the castle in 1380, in this book called the Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex," says Rhodes.	“书中名为《肯特和苏塞克斯的骑士家族》 (Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex) ”的故事记录了 1380 年在城堡里发生的一场暴乱 ”，罗兹说道。
"The Peasants' Revolt started in that area and I thought, a riot is a good place to start.	“农民起义开始于那个地区，而我认为那里是发动起义的好地方。
Maybe the two are connected?"	也许这这两者存在关联？”
Other stories are rooted firmly in the history of the castle - such as The Priest, which tells the tale of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.	其他的故事深深植根于城堡的历史， 例如《牧师》 (The Priest) ，它讲述了达雷尔家族在英国宗教改革时期隐匿一名耶稣会牧师达七年之久的故事。
Or The Smuggler, which features 18th-century contrabander Arthur Darrell, who is thought to have staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with rocks (a discovery made years later when his coffin was unearthed).	或者《走私者》 (The Smuggler) ，该故事的主人翁是 18 世纪的走私者亚瑟?达雷尔，他被认为是通过用石块装满棺材给自己举行葬礼 (数年后他的棺材露出地面，人们才发觉) 。
The Darrells are Rhodes's favourite Scotney family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite roguish, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.	《达雷尔家族》 (The Darrells) 是罗兹最喜欢的斯科特尼城堡家族：“这些先生们似乎很无赖，总是不断地借钱，再花钱买他们买不起的东西。
Different generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of handsome guys, with a knack for wooing heiresses."	一代又一代的达雷尔男人通过嫁给富有的老女人来解决他们的债务问题，我想他们应该是一群英俊的小伙子，懂得如何追求女人。”
With his assignment in the castle over, Rhodes is on the hunt for other singular writing experiences.	随着他在城堡中的任务结束，罗兹开始寻找其他奇异的写作经历。
He has completed a two-week stint in the Finnish wilderness for a graphic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th-century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.	他在芬兰的荒野里用两周时间完成了一部绘图小说，内容是关于“El?¤m?¤nm?¤ki”，那是一个 20 世纪早期疗养院，后来它慢慢被废弃了。
But Scotney holds a special place for him.	但斯科特尼对他而言有着特殊的地位。
"I was sad to leave," he says.	“我很伤心地离开”，他说。
"It was like: 'Ah, I've got to go deal with fucking real life now.'"	“这就像是：'噢，我得去面对槽糕的现实生活中。'”
Bloomberg reporters learned that ZTE Smart Auto’s headquarters will be established in Zhuhai, and the company will be headed by Tian Wenguo, Executive Vice President of ZTE Corporation.	据澎湃新闻记者了解，中兴智能汽车团队总部设在珠海，操盘人为中兴通讯执行副总裁田文果。
All large energy companies are “extremely wealthy”. So which energy company in the world makes the most money?	大型能源公司个个都“富可敌国”，那么全球众多能源公司中谁最趁钱呢？
Yesterday, PFC Energy published its 2011 list of the Top 50 largest listed energy companies. US oil and gas producer ExxonMobil retained its top position with a market valuation of US$406.3 billion, closely followed by PetroChina and Royal Dutch Shell.	昨日，著名的PFC能源公司公布了2011年上市能源公司50强排名，美国石油天然气生产商埃克森美孚以4063亿美元的市值蝉联冠军，中国石油和荷兰皇家壳牌紧随之后。
PetroChina topped the PFC rankings twice in 2007 and 2009, while ExxonMobil ranked first place position for the other years.	在PFC的这份榜单中，中石油曾于2007年和2009年两度问鼎，其他年份榜首位置全部由埃克森美孚占据。
Three companies from Mainland China made the 2011 Top 50 list. In addition 2nd place PetroChina, Sinopec and CNOOC were ranked 9th and 15th, respectively.	在2011年的50强榜单中，共有3家来自中国内地的公司入围，除了排名第2的中石油，还有第9位的中国石化和第15位的中国海洋石油。
According to PFC’s statistics, ... Nonetheless, although current oil prices are far higher than that four years ago, PFC Energy’s CEO said that the lower combined market valuation was attributable to a number of factors, including lower North American natural gas prices, and less buoyant global stock markets.	根据PFC的统计，不过，尽管目前的油价远比4年前要高，对此，PFC能源公司CEO指出，导致总市值低的原因有很多，主要包括北美天然气价格的下降，以及全球股票市场的活跃度低。
Xinhua News Agency reported that heavily polluted weather will descend on Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and surrounding regions from the 16th and worsen by the 19th. The AQI of three cities in Hebei, namely Shijiazhuang, Xinji and Handan, will be dramatically high.	据新华社报道，京津冀及周边地区从16日开始的重污染天气到了19日进一步加剧，河北石家庄、辛集、邯郸3市AQI出现“爆表”。
Washington Changes the Green Card Rules	美国修改绿卡规定
There is going to be new US immigration plan to modify Green Card rules, President Donald Trump said, quoted by the media.	媒体援引总统唐纳德·特朗普的讲话称，美国将推出新的移民计划，修改绿卡规定。
It envisages reducing legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.	该项计划意将合法移民减少至每年 50,000 人，临时工作签证以及面向家庭的签证申请会受到更严格的规定限制。
The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and are supported by the president.	新规定由共和党提出并受到总统支持。
The draft law is due to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.	法律草案将在两院内进行讨论。
"This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and will do this by changing the way the US issues Green Cards to citizens from other countries.	美国媒体援引特朗普的话表示，“这项法律将减少贫困，提高工资，为纳税人节省数十亿美元，通过改变美国向其他国家公民发放绿卡的方式来实现以上好处。
The law will reduce chain migration and replace the current scheme.	该法律将取代目前的方案，减少链式移民。
This new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, have financial resources to support themselves and show skills that will benefit our economy," said Trump, quoted by the American media.	这一新的申请流程有利于会讲英语，拥有资金支持，并拥有对经济发展有利技能的申请人。”
The inaugural China Fireworks and Firecracker Safety and Environmental Protection Expo will be held in Liuyang on May 29.	5月29日，首届中国烟花爆竹安全环保博览会将在浏阳举行。
The two-day event will be focused on the theme “Technology, Safety, Environmental Protection”. Then, the most advanced fireworks and firecracker machinery, the safest and most environmental friendly fireworks and firecracker raw and auxiliary materials as well as new products in China’s fireworks and firecracker industry will gather at Liuyang.	活动围绕“科技、安全、环保”主题展开，为期2天。届时，全国烟花爆竹行业中最先进的花炮机械、最安全环保的花炮原辅材料和新产品将齐聚浏阳。
A large number of experts and entrepreneurs will be invited to this Expo to carry out academic exchanges in the fireworks and firecracker industry, and to share the latest technological achievements on fireworks and firecracker safety and environmental protection.	本次博览会将邀请大批专家、企业家，进行烟花爆竹行业学术交流，共享烟花爆竹安全环保最新技术成果。
In particular, the exhibition for mechanized equipment for the production of fireworks and firecrackers as well as safe and eco-friendly products will be held at Dayao Town. Key exhibits include technologically sophisticated mechanical equipment that uses explosive substances to produce fireworks and firecrackers that have been appraised by relevant technology and passed safety verification; low sensitivity, low blast and other safe pyrotechnic compositions; as well as sulfur-free, light smoke and other safe and eco-friendly personal fireworks and firecrackers.	其中，烟花爆竹机械化生产设备和安全环保产品展示将在大瑶镇进行，主要参展项目包括技术成熟、经过相关科技鉴定和安全论证的烟花爆竹生产涉药机械设备，低感度、低爆能等安全型烟火药，无硫、微烟等安全环保型个人燃放产品。
Meanwhile, safe and eco-friendly fireworks and firecracker products used for fireworks displays collectively sponsored by 16 Liuyang fireworks enterprises will be carried out in two phases - product selection and product fireworks display. Excellent new products that passed the early stage of the competition will be used for the fireworks displays at the Liuyang Fireworks Viewing Platform and the Gold Beach Display Site on May 29.	同时，由浏阳16家花炮企业集体承办的烟花爆竹安全环保产品燃放展示则分为产品遴选和产品燃放展示两个阶段进行，通过前期评选的优秀新产品将于5月29日晚在浏阳市花炮观礼台和金滩燃放场进行燃放展示。
When 2017, which was just around the corner, was mentioned, Zhao Lei said, “After the tour ends next year, I want to go away and be alone to take stock for a while, and write more new works.”	而提起即将到来的2017年，赵雷坦言：“在明年结束巡演之后，我想给自己清零，然后好好沉淀一下，写出更多新作品。”
For the purposes of optimizing the environment of scenic areas, and building a beautify Nanyue, the “636” voluntary service team of the Nanyue District Tobacco Monopoly Administration (Branch Company) carried out a “hiking to protect our forests and love our hometown” environmental protection event.	为优化景区环境，建设美丽南岳，近日，南岳区烟草专局(分公司)“636”志愿服务大队开展了“登山护林、爱护家园”环保活动。
The event received the support of all the cadres and staff of the district Tobacco Administration, and also attracted retired cadres as well as the staff’s families, who came to participate in the environmental protection activities. Three generations of people from the elderly to children worked together, hiked up the mountain to protect the forests, and cleaned up rubbish, contributing their own effort to building a “beautiful Nanyue”.	活动不仅得到了区烟草局全体干部职工的支持，还吸引了退休老干部、职工家属一并参与环保实践，老青少三代齐心协力、登山护林、清扫垃圾，为建设“美丽南岳”奉献自己的一份力量。
This voluntary service event was aimed at protecting the scenic resources of Nanyue, and propagating the voluntary service concept of “care for others, care for society, and care for nature”. It also served to teach and pass on to the next generation the virtue of voluntary service.	此次志愿服务活动，旨在保护南岳风景资源，弘扬“关爱他人、关爱社会、关爱自然”的志愿服务理念，也让下一代从小接受熏陶，传承志愿服务美德。
It is understood that since the “636” voluntary service team was founded in early April this year, the 16 members have carried out a series of voluntary service activities including visiting needy retail customers, helping tobacco farmers care for tobacco leaves, and making donations to the Ya’an earthquake victims, and have become a team of committed voluntary service activists that convey positive energy from their hearts.	据悉，“636”志愿服务大队自今年4月初成立以来，共发展会员16名，先后开展了看望残困零售客户、帮助烟农护理烟叶、雅安地震爱心捐款等一系列志愿服务活动，成为一支用心传递正能量的志愿生力军。
In the eyes of reporters who have been reporting on table tennis and badminton all year long, “Tibetan mastiff” Zhang Jike has already had the potential to become the next Lin Dan.	在常年报道乒羽项目的记者们眼中，“藏獒”张继科早就具备了成为下一个林丹的潜质。
The Information Office of the Ministry of National Defense revealed that upon friendly consultations, China and the US successfully completed the transfer of the US unmanned undersea vehicle at the relevant region in the South China Sea on the afternoon of December 20.	据国防部新闻局消息，中美双方经友好协商，于12月20日中午在南海有关海域顺利完成美无人潜航器的移交工作。
In recent years, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and other Silicon Valley giants have armed themselves for competition in the artificial intelligence (AI) sector.	近年来，谷歌、微软、亚马逊和Facebook等硅谷巨头在人工智能（AI）领域进行着军备竞赛。
The rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned	性爱机器人确在兴起，但我们应慎重
Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any weirder along comes a new report on the technological developments in the sex robot sector.	就在你觉得 2017 年不会更诡异的时候，性爱机器人领域发布了一份新的技术发展报告。
Yep.	是的。
Sex robots are a big deal right now.	现在性爱机器人可是件大事。
Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) released a report looking at the development of sex robots over the next five to 10 years.	最近，责任机器人基金会 (FRR) 发布了一份报告，展望了性爱机器人在接下来的五到十年中的发展。
According to Noel Sharkey, emeritus professor of robotics and artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.	据谢菲尔德大学机器人技术和人工智能荣誉退休教授兼 FRR 联合创始人诺埃尔?夏基称，我们需要开始认真对待性爱机器人的兴起了。
Customers can choose the robot's eye colour, nipple shape and fingernail type.	顾客可以选择机器人的眼睛颜色、乳头形状和指甲类型。
"People snigger about them, but the companies are actually shipping quite a lot and we are going to see them a lot more," Mr Sharkey said at the launch of the new report.	夏基在新报告发布时说道：“人们在背后讥笑，但各大公司确实推出了很多性爱机器人，而我们也会看到更多。”
Modern sex dolls have evolved out of their blow-up counterparts into robots with a silicon skin that is warm to the touch - with deliberately human-like responses achieved by artificial intelligence.	现代性爱娃娃已经从充气娃娃进化成了机器人，它们拥有硅胶皮肤，摸起来很温暖，还特意利用人工智能设置了人类般的性反应。
The user can also "customise" their robot to suit their persuasions, choosing everything from the robot's eye colour, nipple shape to fingernail type or colour.	用户也可以“自定义”他们的机器人来满足自己的喜好，从眼睛颜色、乳头形状到指甲类型或颜色都可以选择。
But it gets even more disturbing, with many of the robots possessing "personalities" that would make a Stepford Wife look progressive.	但是更令人不安的是，很多拥有“个性”的机器人会让“复制娇妻”看起来很先进。
Modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicon skin.	现代性爱玩具已进化成拥有硅胶皮肤的机器人。
The RealBotix robot, for example, allows users to customise their robots according to the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.	比如，RealBotix 机器人就能够根据使用者认为有吸引力的特点来自定义，比如害羞。
Then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots, developed by True Companion, which come with pre-programmed personalities, including "Frigid Farrah" that gives the impression of shyness and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.	还有由 True Companion 公司开发的 Roxxxy Gold 性爱机器人，可预先设定性格特点，包括略带羞涩的“冷艳法拉”和“乐于冒险”的“狂野温蒂”。
"Roxxxy Gold has a personality which is matched as much as possible to your personality," the True Companion website enthuses.	“Roxxxy Gold 机器人拥有尽可能与你相称的个性，”True Companion 公司网站对此津津乐道。
So she likes what you like, dislikes what you dislike, etc.	所以她爱你所爱，恶你所恶。
She also has moods during the day just like real people!	她也和正常人一样在那几天有小情绪！
She can be sleepy, conversational or she can 'be in the mood'!"	她可以慵懒，可以健谈，也可以‘性致勃勃’！”
There are many disturbing aspects to the rise of sex robots - not least of which is the replacement of real, human relationships - but the subservient female traits, the rapey connotations of making a move on Frigid (read: resistant) Farrah, are the most concerning.	性爱机器人的兴起带来很多不安——不仅仅是取代了真实的人类关系——而且卑躬屈膝的女性特征以及在冷艳（解读为：抗拒）法拉身上抽动的强奸暗示是最令人担忧的。
On its website, True Companion likened Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.	True Companion 在其网站上将 Roxxxy 比作男人的震动棒。
"If woman (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" the website states.	该网站称“如果女人有震动棒，那为什么男人不可以有 Roxxxy？”
However, these sex robots are not a mere fetish or just another sex toy.	然而这些性爱机器人并不是一个单纯的恋物，也不只是一种性爱玩具。
Their emergence and increasing sophistication points to something darker and deeper within our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality toward a desire for sex with subjugation as an optional add-on.	他们的出现和日益成熟直指我们的文化中更黑暗、更深层的部分：从完美的性别平等逃离，走向以臣服为附加选项的性爱。
Most men, naturally, are not going to keep sex robots, and while the FRR noted their increasing popularity, they remain, for now, on the outskirts of consumer culture.	当然大部分男性不会留有性爱机器人，而且虽然 FRR 指出性爱机器人正越来越受欢迎，但它们目前依然处在消费文化的边缘。
But what seeps in from the fringes can be highly instructive as to the tenor of the era we're living in.	但是从边缘渗透而来的东西能让我们看清我们所处的这个时代的进程。
And many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them the permission to be so.	很多人本不诡异也不具备攻击性，直到自由市场让他们有机会变得如此。
There is little coincidence that these sophisticated sex robots have emerged at a time when women's rights are under threat across the globe, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.	这些精细的性爱机器人出现在一个全球女性的权利受到威胁的时代，白宫还有一位总统吹嘘对女性的性暴力，这并不是巧合。
The most chilling aspect of the TV series The Handmaid's Tale isn't the graphic imagery, the noosed bodies and gouged eyes, but just how realistic that vision feels.	电视剧《使女的故事》最让人胆寒的部分不在于逼真的画面，不在于那一具具悬挂的尸体，也不在于那一双双被挖出的眼睛，而在于那过分真实的想象。
The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but, right now, it doesn't feel like a large one.	基列共和国是一次跳跃，但现在看起来这并不遥远。
The aim behind these sex robots is to create as much of a physical likeness to actual women (albeit with porn star proportions) as technologically possible.	这些性爱机器人背后的目标就是要尽技术可能创造最类似真实女性的身体（虽然是按色情明星的比例）。
Their creators want them to feel human to the touch, for them to mimic the movement of a real body.	这些机器人的创造者想要她们拥有人类的触觉，并模仿真实的人体动作。
But, pointedly, when it comes to their "personalities" the robots do not represent real women.	但直白地讲，她们的“个性”并不能代表真实的女性。
They cannot break up with their companion, or walk out.	她们不能分手，也不能出走。
They have no agency or back-story, nothing to suggest independence or anything that may disrupt the fantasy of total servitude.	她们没有求助机构也没有后续故事，完全没有任何独立，也没有任何可能打破彻底的奴役幻想。
They are pleasant slaves, in other words.	换言之，她们是情趣奴隶。
Or to put it into 2017 parlance: handmaidens.	或者按 2017 年的通俗说法：使女。
“The Great Wall” tells the story of a Chinese elite troop in ancient times that battled valiantly against the monster Taotie on the world renowned Great Wall of China.	《长城》讲述了在古代，一支中国精英部队为保卫人类，在举世闻名的长城上与怪兽饕餮进行生死决战的故事。
The last episode of “Hurry Up, Brother” Season 4 has been recorded. Deng Chao, leader of the “Running Man Team” was interviewed via WeChat by the reporters of Shenyang Evening News and syd.com on May 30. From “Super Scholar” in “Running Man” to “Funny Villain” in “Devil and Angel” to “Decadent Guy” Chen Mo, the impression Deng Chao gives to the audience is that of a “flexible transformer”, constantly changing.	《奔跑吧兄弟》第四季最后一期已经录制，“跑男团”队长的邓超5月30日接受了沈阳晚报、沈阳网记者的微信采访，从“跑男”中的“学霸”到《恶棍天使》中的“搞笑恶棍”，再到“颓废男”陈默，邓超给观众的印象像是“百变星君”，不断变化。
Deng Chao said, “I won’t do the same thing over and over again in my acting career. I want to renew myself constantly.”	邓超表示，“在表演上，同样的事情我不会做的，要不断更新。”
Trump's great feat?	特朗普的伟大功绩？
Making Mitt Romney seem the epitome of common sense	让米特?罗姆尼 (Mitt Romney) 成为常识的缩影
It has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that have polarised the US electorate have, on a micro-scale, torn families apart.	政治分歧带来美国选民的两极分化，而从微观角度来看，则破坏了美国家庭和睦。这对特朗普时代来说已经是见怪不怪了。
Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, newspapers in the US abounded with advice columns on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.	在圣诞节和感恩节前后，美国的各大报纸在评论专栏中充斥着如何应对票选特朗普亲属的恐惧。
We are all supposedly straining to burst our filter bubbles.	通常认为，我们正在竭尽全力刺破我们的“过滤泡沫”。
Less remarked on is the power of Trump to bring families together.	更少地发表意见的是特朗普将家人凝聚一起的力量。
I mention this because my cousin, a left-leaning poet who lives in Chicago and who's long been at loggerheads with Republicans in our family, has been visiting me in New York this week.	我提到这一点是因为我的堂姐，一位居住在芝加哥的左翼诗人，他与我们家中的共和党人长期不和，这一周他要来纽约拜访我。
She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.	她提醒我，团结起来对抗共同的敌人可以产生强有力的效果。
With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican sibling she had been bickering with about politics for decades, is suddenly and peculiarly on the same side.	由于和特朗普在白宫共事，她认识的所有人，甚至包括几十年来一直发生政治争吵的共和党人亲戚，现在突然而且奇怪地都站在同一条战线了。
Around the dinner table this is surely a good thing; but it strikes me that, in a broader context, it carries significant risks.	如果都在餐桌的话，这当然是一件好事。但是让我感到震惊的是，从更广泛的角度来看，这会引起重大的风险。
The left has been invigorated by Trump, but the warping effect of his presidency has the power to push us all rightwards.	虽然左派人物一直以来受到特朗普的怂恿，但是他担任总统带来的翘曲效应则推动我们全部向右转。
When we talk about "normalisation" and Trump, we are referring to the scary possibility that his antics may one day cease to appal.	当我们谈论“正常化”和特朗普时，我们所指的是担忧的可能性，即他的古怪行为某天可能会停止。
There is an even scarier long-range scenario, however, in which what Trump "normalises" are rightwing Republicans who, held up against his standards, suddenly seem the epitome of reasonable.	然而，还有一个更加令人担忧的长期场景，特朗普要“正常化”的是与右翼共和党人的关系，这些共和党人之前曾反对总统先生的标准，现在则突然间看起来成了理性的象征。
I find myself actively nostalgic these days for Mitt Romney's quaint version of crazy - the dog on the car roof, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which, compared to Trump, seem very mild offences indeed.	我发现最近自己对米特?罗姆尼版的癫狂古怪有些怀念：把狗在汽车上，14％ 的所得税（但至少我们知道他的纳税申报表），为与特朗普相比，这两个举动的罪行似乎确实太轻微了。
When Trump goes, the next Republican candidate will merely have to be sane to qualify as an immeasurable improvement.	特朗普时代过去后，下一任共和党候选人只需要理智地取得进行不可估量的改善的资格。
While my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the carousel in Central Park, the biggest of the carousels run by the New York parks department, and the best three bucks you can spend in the city if you don't require caffeine.	当我的堂姐住在镇上时，我们带着孩子去了纽约公园的旋转木马，这是由纽约中央公园管理部门经营的最大的旋转木马，如果你不需要咖啡的话，这三美元门票是你在这个城市最具消费价值的。
The horses are thunderously huge, the fibre-glass designs on the central cylinder - all gurning clowns and animals twisting to look over their own shoulders in terror - utterly sinister, and the tinkling music oddly transporting.	木马的声音如雷鸣般巨大，中央圆柱上为玻璃纤维设计，所有的小丑和动物扭过头，恐怖地和险恶看着自己的肩膀，而叮当作响的音乐则奇怪地响着。
So many of the cliches of a city disappoint: views from tall buildings get old, skylines grow too familiar to offer much of a thrill, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.	太多庸俗的城市令人失望：从高楼大厦俯瞰的景观变得老套，天际线变得过于熟悉已经不能提供太多的刺激，而城市的现实并没有支撑起梦想。
Thirty-five years later and I'm still not entirely over the day I discovered Swiss Cottage is not, in fact, a Swiss cottage - the theme pub, Ye Olde Swiss Cottage, doesn't count - but a large roundabout in north London.	35 年后，我还没有完全忘记那天，我发现此“瑞士小屋”其实并不是瑞士小屋，而是一个位于主题酒吧“古老的瑞士小屋” (Ye Olde Swiss Cottage)，我记不清了，但在伦敦北部的一个交叉路口附近。
The Central Park carousel, however, is still a weirdly magical experience, to the extent that two two-year-olds, an 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can go on it and all have a great time.	然而，中央公园的旋转木马仍然是一个魔幻般的体验，对于两个 2 岁的孩子，一个11岁的孩子，和四个 40 来岁的两个女孩都可以参加的活动来说，每个人都玩得很开心。
If I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but thankfully nobody asked.	如果我能评价旋转木马，我会给它满分，但幸好没有人问到。
In a department store this week, on the other hand, I was required, before swiping my credit card, to rate my transactional "experience" on a scale of one to five stars.	但本周在一家百货公司，在刷信用卡之前，我被要求对我的交易“体验”进行一到五星的评分。
In the coffee shop at the corner of my street it's the same thing, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this for buying something over the counter.	在我街道角落的咖啡店里，也是如此，此外可以选择用 15％ 小费进行评分，这是为了在柜台上买东西。
The effect of this is not only to slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but to put pressure on the server to inject personality into a situation where none is required.	这样做的效果不仅在于减缓了本应该是中性交易的速度，而且给服务员带来压力，将个人因素加入到了不需要的情景。
The poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while, wearily, I gave the experience of handing her my credit card five stars.	这位百货商店里可怜的女人抱歉地笑着，而我则疲惫不堪，信用卡交易体验给她评了五星。
Oscar Pistorius taken from jail to hospital with chest pains	奥斯卡·皮斯托利斯因胸痛从监狱转入医院
This is the second time Pistorius has left jail for a hospital visit.	这是皮斯托利斯第二次离开监狱转入医院。
Last year he was taken to the hospital for treatment to cuts on his wrists, which prison authorities said he sustained after falling in his cell.	去年他就被带到医院治疗手腕割伤，监狱官方称此伤是他在囚室中摔倒所致。
Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by prosecutors against an initial manslaughter verdict.	检察官对最初的误杀裁决提起上诉后，皮斯托利斯被判谋杀。
He killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her multiple times through a toilet cubicle door at his Pretoria home.	2013 年情人节凌晨时分，他在其比勒陀利亚的家中透过厕所隔间门多次枪击斯廷坎普，至其死亡。
Pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a nighttime intruder hiding in the cubicle.	皮斯托利斯声称将女友误认为夜间躲在隔间的闯入者。
Prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal again, this time against Pistorius' six-year sentence, which they say is too lenient.	检察官已宣布他们有意再次上诉，此次是为针对皮斯托利斯的六年徒刑，他们认为该刑期太过仁慈。
The National Prosecuting Authority said it will appeal to South Africa's Supreme Court, and the appeal could be heard this year.	国家检察署表示将向南非最高法院提起上诉，且此上诉可在今年审理。
Pistorius faces having his sentence increased to 15 years if prosecutors are successful.	如果检察官获胜，皮斯托利斯将面临增至 15 年的刑期。
There is no death penalty in South Africa.	南非没有死刑。
Given the general financial and economic environment, alcohol related e-commerce merchants are holding fast to upstream resources while actively planning their own brands so as to seek breakthroughs in performance.	财经大环境下，酒类电商为谋业绩突破，一方面紧抓上游资源，另一方面积极谋划自有品牌。
Chen Haifeng, a 26-year old actor with the Wenzhou Yue Opera Troupe, is the only female in the class who plays a painted face character.	26岁的温州越剧团演员陈海峰，是班上唯一的女花脸。
Two Bulgarians Were Detained For Illegal Camping in Greece	两名保加利亚人在希腊因非法露营被拘留
Two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Foreign Affairs Ministry announced, quoted by bTV.	bTV 援引外交部消息称，两名保加利亚人在希腊因非法露营被拘留。
A group of illegally camping people, including the two Bulgarians, was detained by the police in Sithonia in the morning of August 1.	8 月 1 日上午，锡索尼亚警方拘留了一群非法露营者，其中包括两名保加利亚人。
The same day they were released, while an investigation is currently underway.	拘留者当天被释放，调查目前仍在进行中。
The ministry of foreign affairs reported bTV that Bulgarians were later released.	外交部向 bTV 透露，两名保加利亚人随后被释放。
The Greek authorities have tightened control over free camping and are already imposing serious fines on anyone who is caught resting in a place not intended for the purpose.	希腊当局加强了对随意露营的控制，并且会对任何在非指定露营地休息的人群处以巨额罚款。
Checks will continue throughout the season.	巡查将会持续一季。
The ministry said that the court may impose a fine.	外交部表示，法庭可能会对随意露营者处以罚款。
On May 18, the Ministry of Finance issued the “Administrative Measures for Special Rewards and Subsidies for the Structural Adjustments of Industrial Enterprises”, and will arrange special rewards and subsidies amounting to a total of RMB100 billion to help advance reduction of overcapacity in the coal and steel industries.	5月18日财政部公布《工业企业结构调整专项奖补资金管理办法》，将安排专项奖补资金推动化解煤炭、钢铁行业的产能过剩，总金额为1000亿元。
Recently, many local governments including that of Shanghai, Shanxi, Shandong, Jiangsu and Heilongjiang have proposed reform opinions on reducing overcapacity.	近期上海、山西、山东、江苏、黑龙江等多个地方政府陆续提出了关于化解过剩产能的改革意见。
In particular, many provinces have even proposed to actively lobby the Central Government for fiscal support to reduce overcapacity in their respective provinces.	其中，不少省份甚至提出，要积极争取中央财政对其省份的去产能财政支持。
One proof is that the overcapacity reduction target for coal announced by a mere eight provinces already account for 90% of the coal overcapacity reduction plan nationwide.	一个佐证是，仅8个省份公布的煤炭去产能目标就站到全国煤炭减产计划的90%。
At an interview with reporters, Lin Boqiang, Dean of China Institute for Studies in Energy Policy at Xiamen University, believed that merely relying on the Central government’s RMB100 billion to “reduce overcapacity” in the steel and coal industries is far from sufficient. More funds should come from local governments and enterprises. How should that be done?	厦门大学中国能源政策研究院院长林伯强在接受记者采访时认为，钢铁和煤炭行业的“去产能”仅依靠中央的1000亿元远远不够，更多的资金需要地方政府和企业来自行解决。怎么解决？
In the detailed implementation rules for reducing surplus coal capacity issued recently by Shanxi Province, it was proposed that Shanxi Coking Coal Group should be restructured and transformed into a state-owned capital investment company, its assets and businesses should be reorganized and consolidated, and a new business model constructed.	山西省近期公布的煤炭去产能实施细则中提出将山西焦煤集团改组为国有资本投资公司，对企业的资产和业务进行重组整合，构建全新的商业模式。
The actual funding gap could be 3 times that of the subsidy. Earlier, Yin Weimin, Minister of Human Resources and Social Security, said that initial calculations showed that a total of 1.3 million employees in the coal industry and 500,000 in the steel industry were required to be resettled as a result of “reducing overcapacity”.	资金实际缺口可能3倍于补贴此前，人力资源和社会保障部部长尹蔚民表示，初步统计“去产能”要分流安置的员工煤炭系统是130万人，钢铁系统是50万人。
Nanfang Daily news (Reporter/Xie Qingyu) The reporter learned from the provincial environmental protection office today that the 2012 results of the environmental protection credit rating of key sources of pollution are being published.	南方日报讯（记者/谢庆裕）记者今日从省环保厅获悉，2012年广东省重点污染源环境保护信用评级结果正在进行公示。
Ratings showed that of the 1,251 enterprises listed on the environmental protection credit management register, 134 were not rated temporarily because of production stoppage, not having been checked and accepted, having been shut down, and/or other reasons.	经过评定，1251家列入环保信用管理名单企业中有134家因为停产、未验收、关停等原因暂不予评级。
Of the enterprises that would be rated with a red card, heavy polluters such as those involved in electroplating, printing and dyeing, and prevention and control dominate. A number of waste water treatment plants were also listed.	而在拟评红牌企业中，主要以电镀、印染、防治等重污染企业较多，一些污水处理厂也榜上有名。
The provincial environmental protection office said that in order to reflect the principles of openness, impartiality and fairness, it welcomes public supervision, and has publicly released the rating results on the website of the environmental protection office.	省环保厅表示，为体现公开、公平、公正的原则，接受公众监督，现将评级结果在环保厅网站公示。
During the period when the results were publicly released, the environmental protection office received phone calls, letters, visits and many other forms of feedback from the public concerning such issues, which will be investigated, verified and dealt with by the environmental protection office.	公示期间，环保厅接受公众来电、来信、来访等多种形式反映问题，环保厅将对所反映的问题进行调查、核实和处理。
Climate change can destroy a large number of species in an irreversible manner, including resources and food that humans rely on for survival.	气候变化可能会以不可逆转的方式毁掉大量物种，包括那些人类赖以生存的资源和食物。
Wiens said that although heat will not directly exterminate species, it can help induce potentially hazardous factors.	韦恩斯表示，即使炎热不会直接杀死物种，也能够催生潜在危险因素。
Wiens’ research also revealed that local extinction vary from region to region. Compared to regions with temperate climate, the probability of local extinction of species in tropical regions is doubled.	韦恩斯的研究还显示，本地灭绝因地区而不同，与温带地区相比，热带地区物种本地灭绝的几率会高1倍。
As of November 30, 2016, Blackberry’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments amounted to US$1.6 billion.	截至2016年11月30日，黑莓拥有现金、现金等价物、短期和长期投资16亿美元。
“Don’t litter. Throw your rubbish in the rubbish bins. Throwing things from a high altitude is very dangerous. We need to work together to create a beautiful home.”	“垃圾不能随手扔，要放进垃圾桶里，高空抛物危害大，美好家园需要携手创造。”
Yesterday, 11-year-old Luo Shiyu and her mother arrived at Sanxia Square, and distributed promotional brochures to passersby while picking up rubbish in the surroundings, hoping to create awareness among more people about protecting the environment.	昨日，11岁的罗诗雨和妈妈一起来到三峡广场，一边捡起周围的垃圾，一边向过往行人派发宣传单，希望唤起更多人保护环境的意识。
Like Luo Shiyu’s family, volunteers from 106 families in 24 towns at Shapingba District took to the streets as “little environmental warriors”.	和罗诗雨家庭一样，来自沙坪坝区24个街镇的106个家庭的志愿者走上街头，担当“环保小卫士”。
Next, they will also carry out voluntary cleaning in housing estates or speak about environmental protection in the homes of residents. According to the introduction, these activities, themed “Build hygienic cities - Pitch in your family”, will be continue until June 20.	接下来，他们还将在小区里义务开展清洁劳动，或者走进住户家里去宣讲环保。据介绍，此次活动的主题为“创卫·携手家庭齐上阵”，活动即日起到6月20日截止。
Kvitova, who won the Wimbledon women's single champion twice, was attacked by a knife robber at her home in Prostejov, Czech Republic, causing her left hand wounded.	两届温网女单冠军科维托娃在捷克普罗斯捷约夫的家中遭到持刀盗贼的袭击，导致其左手受伤。
Tsai Ing-wen also stated that she believed that the current Mainland Chinese leaders are rational decision makers. Any possibility of taking military action against Taiwan would not fall within the scope of consideration when making decisions at this time.	蔡英文还宣称，她相信今天中国大陆领导层应该是理性的决策者，任何对台动武的可能性，应该都不在现在的决策思考里面。
A reporter asked whether the spokesperson would like to comment on Taiwan recently “sitting in” on a particular UN meeting via video conference.	有记者问，日前台湾方面通过视频在联合国某次会议上“蹭会”，发言人有何评论？
The degree of internationalization of the RMB has continued to increase, and will benefit global economic and financial stability and growth.	人民币国际化程度不断提高，将利好全球经济、金融的稳定与发展。
Times Higher Education recently published the 14th World University Rankings. On a global basis, Oxford University remained the leader of the pack.	泰晤士高等教育日前发布了第14届年度世界大学排名，从全球范围来看，牛津大学依旧蝉联第一。
On the night of January 21, the 3rd “Jack Ma Rural Teachers Award” was held at the Shangri-La Hotel in Sanya, Hainan. One hundred rural teachers across the country won this honor.	1月21日晚，第三届“马云乡村教师奖”颁奖典礼在海南三亚香格里拉酒店举行，来自全国各个地区的100名乡村教师获此殊荣。
The Yellow River and the Yangtze River have become the cradle of ancient Chinese civilization.	黄河和长江两条大河成了中国古代文明的摇篮。
Elsewhere, insects carry foreign protein, and could easily cause allergies in some people.	另外，由于昆虫含有异体蛋白，对于有些人容易造成过敏。
Based on one’s identity card number, and using advanced “face recognition” technology, it can authenticate one’s real name and identity.	它以身份证号为基础，并且采用了先进的“人脸识别”技术，可实现实名、实人身份认证。
We also have to admit however, that in area of children’s books, particularly picture books, foreign imports account for a very large proportion.	但我们也得承认，在童书领域，尤其是图画书方面，国外引进书籍占据着很大比例。
In 2017, China’s total import and export of goods amounted to RMB27.79 trillion, up 14.2% year-on-year, reversing a declining trend in the last two consecutive years.	2017年我国货物贸易进出口总值27.79万亿元人民币，比2016年增长14.2%，扭转了此前连续两年下降的局面。
Bian Zheng said that couplets became an Internet hit as a result, and that he was very surprised as well.	卞正坦言，对联因此走红网络，自己也很意外。
In the last few years, China’s scientific publications have grown rapidly, particularly in the computer science and engineering fields.	在过去几年里，中国的科学出版物快速增长，尤其在计算机科学和工程学领域。
Large-scale prevalence of plastic packaging have met society’s living habits of large scale production, large scale consumption and large scale disposals, but this has created an enormous burden on the environment and resources.	塑料包装的大规模普及迎合了现代社会大量生产、大量消费和大量遗弃的生活习惯，但也给环境和资源造成了极大的负担。
As sexual harassment scandals in Hollywood came to light last October, women have set off a wave of anti-sexual harassment and anti-sexual harassment in the workplace.	去年10月，随着好莱坞性骚扰丑闻曝光，女性们掀起了反性侵、反职场性骚扰的热潮。
As a special organization protecting the interests of consumers, China Consumers Association met for talks with bike sharing enterprises in March and December this year.	作为消费者权益保护的专门组织，中国消费者协会今年3月份和12月份两次约谈了共享单车企业。
The 48th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting will be held in Davos, Switzerland from the 23rd to the 26th, and the theme will be “Creating a Shared Future in a Fractured World”.	第４８届世界经济论坛年会将于２３日至２６日在瑞士达沃斯举行，年会主题为“在分化的世界中加强合作”。
Recently, Bluegogo, which ceased operation at one time, announced that users may directly use Bluegogo bikes via the Didi app, but this move was expressly opposed by the Shenzhen Transportation Committee.	最近，一度停止运营的小蓝单车宣布，用户可以通过滴滴APP直接使用小蓝单车，但是此举却受到深圳市交委的明确反对。
In respect of conduct, upon investigation, found to be in violation of Security Council resolutions, China will mete out severe punishment in accordance with laws and regulations.	对任何经调查确属违反安理会决议的行为，中方都将依法依规作出严肃处罚。
Industry insiders believe that the sharing economy has already become an important component of China’s economic growth. The sharing economy may help accelerate the structural transformation of the entire society.	业内人士认为，共享经济已经成为中国经济发展的重要组成部分，共享经济可能会引发加速整个社会的转型。
The latest data published by the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that the revenue of China’s food and beverage industry rose 10.7% year-on-year to RMB3,964.4 billion.	根据国家统计局最新发布的数据，2017年我国餐饮业收入39644亿元，同比增长10.7%。
Using this drug for 12 months after a heart attack episode can help reduce recurrence of stroke or heart attack.	这种药物在心脏病发作后持续服用12个月，可降低中风或心脏病再次发作的风险。
She said that China will always advance steadfastly along the path of peaceful growth, always practice defensive national defense policies, and will also always be a builder of world peace, a contributer to global development, and a protector of international order. This is universally recognized by the international community.	她说,中国始终不渝走和平发展道路，始终奉行防御性的国防政策，始终是世界和平的建设者、全球发展的贡献者、国际秩序的维护者，这是国际社会有目共睹的。
China’s first locally produced aircraft carrier may undergo its first trial at sea in February or March 2018	中国首艘国产航母或将在2018年2月或3月进行首次海上试航
Yellow fever is an acute contagious disease caused by the yellow fever virus, and is spread through mosquito bites. It is prevalent in tropical regions in Africa and Latin America.	黄热病是一种由黄热病病毒引起的急性传染病，由蚊子叮咬传播，主要在非洲和拉丁美洲热带地区流行。
Weather forecast indicates that the maximum temperature in Northeastern Japan could fall below zero degree Celsius on the 22nd, and to 5 degrees Celsius in the Kantō region. It is the coldest week in Japan since winter began.	天气预报显示，日本东北地区22日最高气温可能降至摄氏零度以下，关东地区亦会降至5度左右，是日本入冬最冻的一个星期。
Confronted with the rise of “anti-globalization” and protectionism in some countries, Chen Fengying said that there are a number of globalization methods. The “Belt and Road” Initiative is also a method of globalization.	面对部分国家出现的“逆全球化”和贸易保护主义倾向，陈凤英说，全球化有各种方式，“一带一路”也是全球化的一种方式。
It was also understood that the last fisherman to have fallen into the sea was successfully rescued at 4:40, and was brought to shore for treatment by the Hong Kong Government Flying Service.	另获悉，在4时40分，最后一名落水渔民被成功救起，并由香港救助直升机接至岸上救治。
In 2005, approximately 25% of deaths resulting from global air pollution occurred in India.	2015年，全球空气污染致死案例中约有25%发生在印度。
Issues that exist in French-German relations also reflected differences in the underlying economic growth of the two countries.	法德关系存在的问题也体现了两国潜藏的经济发展观差异。
China-Africa cooperation projects have created jobs in Africa, and has also brought technology transfer and knowledge sharing to the continent.	中非合作项目给非洲带去就业，也带去技术转移和知识分享。
In a small random survey by a reporter, 11 retired employees who were interviewed revealed that only two were still working. The other nine said that they would spend some time to help look after children, but would also go traveling or develop their interests and hobbies if they have the time.	在记者的一项随机小调查中，11位受访退休人员仅有2人还在工作；另有9名老人表示会有部分时间帮助照看孩子，但有时间也会出去旅游或者发展兴趣爱好。
Figures revealed by the Beijing Health and Family Planning Commission revealed that on the 46th week of 2017, the number of reported flu cases did not exceed 500. By the first week of the new year, the figure stood at 9,548, 19 times that of the former.	北京市卫计委公布的数据显示，2017年第46周，流感报告数不超过500例，到新年第一周，这个数字变成9548例，是前者的19倍。
Nominations for the 90th Academy Awards will be officially announced on January 23, after which Hollywood’s annual most eye-catching “Oscar Time” will commence.	第90届奥斯卡奖即将于1月23日公布正式提名名单，好莱坞一年一度最吸引眼球的“奥斯卡时间”随之开启。
Waste incineration and air quality are closely correlated. Conscientiously classifying waste is a channel for improving the atmospheric environment.	垃圾焚烧与空气质量密切相关，做好垃圾分类是改善大气环境的渠道之一。
Haikou and Sanya separately commenced cruise tours to Vietnam and the Philippines in December 2017	海口、三亚分别于2017年12月开通至越南、菲律宾邮轮旅游航线
This study was conducted by the Australian National University. The full results were published in this month’s UK based “Scientific Reports” magazine.	这项研究由澳大利亚国立大学开展，完整结果发表在本月的英国《科学报告》杂志上。
As a result of global warming, a number of island states in the Pacific Ocean have seen their land and water resources that residents depend on for survival engulfed by rising sea levels.	在南太平洋一些岛国，由于全球变暖，不断上升的海平面，吞噬着居民赖以生存的土地和水源。
CEO Huang Jiajia expressed that their strategy for the next 5 years is to provide the world’s best learning materials to the children in China.	CEO黄佳佳表示，将全球最佳的学习资源带给中国的孩子们是他们未来五年的战略。
A Beijing Morning Post reporter experienced the inaugural operation of this train. The first batch of passengers on the trial ride were impressed by the spacious carriage, comfortable seats, as well as charging sockets and WiFi equipment on this suburban railway.	北京晨报记者对首开的这趟列车进行体验，宽敞的空间、舒适的座椅，以及充电插口、WiFi的设备，都让这条市郊铁路受到首批试乘乘客的好评。
Ireland President Michael Higgins issued a statement that said, “She and The Cranberries had an immense influence on rock and pop music in Ireland and internationally. Her death will be a big loss.”	爱尔兰总统迈克尔• 希金斯发表声明称：“她和小红莓乐队给爱尔兰乃至世界摇滚音乐带来了深远的影响，她的逝世是一次莫大的损失。”
We also held an 80th National Memorial Day ceremony as well as a national public ceremony in memory of the victims of the Nanjing Massacre to always remember history and to pray for peace.	我们还举行了纪念全民族抗战爆发80周年仪式和南京大屠杀死难者国家公祭仪式，以铭记历史、祈愿和平。
Recently, a father in Australia actually hired a helicopter to search for his missing son. In the end, he successfully rescued his son who drove into some bushes.	近日，澳大利亚的一名父亲为了搜寻失踪的儿子，竟然雇佣了一架直升机，最终成功救出开车冲到灌木丛中的儿子。
Just as Merkel once said in May 2017: “To a certain extent, the era of depending 100% on another country for survival is over. Europeans should hold their fate in their own hands.”	正如2017年5月默克尔曾说过：“某种程度上讲，我们百分百依靠别国而活的时代已经过去了，欧洲人应当把命运掌握在自己手中。”
In terms of industry regional application, the BeiDou System was already extensively used in the public security, transportation, fishery, power, forestry, disaster relief and other industries. It was serving the building of smart cities and social governance, displaying benefits of scale.	在行业区域应用方面，北斗系统已在公安、交通、渔业、电力、林业、减灾等行业得到广泛使用，正服务于智慧城市建设和社会治理，显现规模化效益。
Although the prize money was generous, whether world snooker can really recognize the international position of the China Open remains questionable.	但尽管奖金丰厚，世界斯诺克能否真正认可中国公开赛的国际地位，还值得怀疑。
For the whole of 2017, Hainan welcomed 67.45 million tourists, and realized total tourism revenue of RMB81.199 billion. In particular, inbound tourists exceeded 1 million for the first time.	2017年全年海南接待游客6745万人次，实现旅游总收入811.99亿元，其中入境游客量首次突破百万人次。
A study by University of Maryland economist Craig Garthwaite revealed that during the 2008 Democratic Party primary election, Oprah’s political donation helped bring about 1 million votes to Obama.	马里兰大学经济学家克雷格·加斯韦特的一项研究显示，在2008年民主党党内选举阶段，奥普拉的政治捐助为奥巴马带来了约100万张选票。
The World Wide Fund for Nature headquartered in Switzerland said that the decision by China will have enormous impact and will help further contain the illegal slaughtering and trafficking trends of African elephants.	总部设在瑞士的世界自然基金会表示，中国这一决定影响巨大，有利于进一步遏制非洲象遭受非法屠杀和贩运的趋势。
Despite uncertainties and instability in the world today, Chile has expressed willingness to strengthen coordination and cooperation with China, to jointly adhere to multilateralism and free trade, and to jointly deal with terrorism, climate change and other global challenges.	在当今世界充满不确定性和不稳定性情况下，智方愿同中方加强协调与合作，共同坚持多边主义和自由贸易，共同应对恐怖主义、气候变化等全球性挑战。
Recent reports claimed that a Chinese ship was alleged to have transferred oil to a North Korean vessel in international waters.	近日有报道称，一艘中国船只涉嫌在公海向朝鲜船只输送石油。
A capsized Chinese fishing vessel was found in the waters west of South Korea on the 21st. South Korean coast guard is diligently engaged in the search and rescue operation.	韩国以西海域21日发现一艘倾覆的中国渔船，韩国海警正在全力展开搜救。
In the last decade, global Internet penetration rate has risen from 21.7% to 48.8%. In developing countries, the growth rate of the Internet penetration rate is double that of developed countries.	过去十年，全球互联网普及率从21.7%提到到48.8%，发展中国家的互联网普及率增速更是发达国家的两倍。
In recent years, parents have placed increasing emphasis on reading by children. This is good news.	近年来，家长们越来越重视儿童阅读，这是一件好事。
This is the second institution of higher learning jointly established by a US$130 million donation by the Li Ka Shing Foundation. With effect from next year, the Foundation will commit another RMB2 billion to build Shantou University.	该校为李嘉诚基金会捐资1.3亿美元合作筹建的第二所高校，而李嘉诚基金会明年起将再投资20亿元(人民币，下同)建设汕头大学。
However, he also gradually became aware that he was unable to make a contribution commensurate with this “honor” to his hometown.	但是，他也逐渐意识到，自己并未能为家乡作出能够配得上这份“荣耀”的贡献。
In particular, the outcome of the `handling of two human-auto collision in 2017 attracted widespread attention.	其中，2017年发生的两起人车相撞交通事故处理结果受到人们广泛关注。
I grew up in rural China in the 1970s and 1980s, and can fully appreciate how important product safety is to an e-commerce platform that aims to serve thousands of households.	我成长于上世纪70、80年代的中国农村，深知产品安全对于一个志在服务于千家万户的电商平台是多么重要。
In the future, Chinese enterprises hope to carry out even more extensive cooperation with Israel in terms of railway, light rail, ports, aviation and other construction projects.	未来中企有望在铁路、轻轨、港口、航空等建设项目上与以色列开展更加广泛的合作。
The World Health Organization warned São Paulo state that the risk of infection was high, and reminded visiting foreign tourists to be vaccinated 10 days before going there.	世界卫生组织前不久警告圣保罗州染病风险高，提醒前往那里的外国游客提前10天接种疫苗。
To this end, the association is urging Americans to take the necessary precautions to avoid spreading the flu and to take care of their own health and that of others.	为此，该协会正敦促美国人采取必要的预防措施，以避免传播流感，保护自己和他人的健康。
The Confucius Institute at University of Sarajevo, officially established in 2015, is the first Confucius Institute in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	萨拉热窝大学孔子学院于２０１５年正式成立，是波黑的第一所孔子学院。
Chronic total occlusion is described as the “last fortress” of interventional therapy in coronary heart disease. The surgery success rate is around 70%.	冠状动脉慢性完全闭塞病变（CTO）被喻为冠心病介入治疗的“最后堡垒”，手术成功率70%左右。
It is understood that this organization is primarily active in Kashmir, and has always worked hard to try to separate this region from India.	据悉，该组织主要在克什米尔地区内活动，并一直努力将这一地区从印度分离出去。
It is precisely because of this that some have lamented that not everyone who has a big pair of eyes is as fortunate as Su Mingjuan. All those who have worked hard would not have successfully gone on the counterattack.	正因如此，有人感叹，并不是每一个长了一双大眼睛的人都能有像苏明娟一样的幸运，所有努力的人，未必都能逆袭成功。
Arriving at the mission area, the medical team carried out multiple emergency missions such as rescuing injured members of the Pakistani peacekeeping force.	抵达任务区以来，医疗分队先后执行了抢救巴基斯坦维和友军伤员等多项紧急任务。
French President Macron sent the video on social media website Twitter on the 21st.	法国总统马克龙21日在社交媒体网站推特上发布了该视频。
The World Health Organization claimed that although cases of the Zika virus has been reported in Mainland China, local mosquito-to-human transmission has yet to be discovered.	世界卫生组织称，中国大陆虽已有寨卡病毒病例输入，但是尚未发现存在从蚊子到人的本地传染。
During those four years, his only hobby was to travel during the weekends and meet friends from all over the country	在那四年里面，他唯一的乐趣就是利用周末外出旅游，结识全国各地的朋友
Relevant persons from the Korea’s Ministry of Environment also said that there is currently neither joint research results nor definitive authoritative information on the impact of China’s haze on Korea. Therefore, it is unable to direct accuse China.	韩国环境部相关人士也表示，关于中国雾霾对韩国的影响，现在既没有共同研究结果，也没有确切权威资料，因此无法直接指责中方。
As of June 2016, 114 lunar explorations and 43 Mars explorations had been carried out worldwide.	截至2016年6月，全球共进行了114次月球探测，43次火星探测。
Currently, the share of China’s traditional industrial economy, which includes energy, transportation, telecommunication, and general services, is still above 70%. This has direct concerns on the national economy and people’s livelihood.	中国目前传统产业经济的比重仍然是70%以上，包括能源、运输、电信、一般服务业，直接关注到国计民生。
At this time, hard work between China and ASEAN has led to continued improvement in the situation in the South China Sea.	当前，在中国和东盟国家的共同努力下，南海局势不断趋稳向好。
According to news on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website, on December 27, 2017, Minister of Foreign Affairs Wang Yi attended the 2017 National Conference of Directors of Local Foreign Affairs Offices at Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, and made a report.	据外交部网站消息，2017年12月27日，外交部长王毅出席在河北省石家庄市举行的2017年全国地方外办主任会议并作报告。
Born in 1989, he left Chongqing seven years to study in Melbourne.	1989年出生的他，7年前从重庆来到墨尔本留学。
In 2017, fixed asset investment in China’s education sector exceeded RMB1 trillion, and growth rate was 20.2%. The absolute quantity exceeded investment in the mining industry for the first time.	2017年，我国在教育方面的固定资产投资过万亿元，增速达到20.2%，绝对量首次超过采矿业投资。
In addition, China and France are also committed to carrying out cooperation in space exploration, and said that they would embark on a series of cooperation in the areas of near-earth orbit, unmanned and manned probes on the Moon and Mars.	此外，中法双方还将致力于空间探索领域开展合作，表示未来会在近地轨道、月球及火星的无人及载人探测领域开展一系列合作。
At the carnival, in addition to being able to shop for the agricultural produce of their choice, residents can also visit the special selection of local fresh agricultural produce and fish fry on display at the exhibition area.	在嘉年华的现场，市民们除了可以选购心仪的农产品之外，还可参观展览区展出的本地特选新鲜农作物及幼鱼。
The World Meteorological Organization recently indicated that extreme global weather conditions in 2017 resulted in losses of US$330 billion.	世界气象组织日前表示，2017年全球极端气候造成的损失高达3300亿美元。
“Chinese caviar” not only made it to the first class cabin in Lufthansa, it also made an appearance at the Oscars’ dinner banquet, as well as the dinner banquet of the welcoming ceremony of the G20 Hangzhou Summit.	“中国鱼子酱”不仅登上德国汉莎航空头等舱，还亮相奥斯卡晚宴、出现在G20杭州峰会欢迎晚宴上。
Zhang Hongping told reporters that many SMEs in China’s “Yangtze River Delta” region have strong demand for Central Asia cotton yarn, wet blue leather and other such supplies. However, customs, settlement, logistics and other cross-border e-commerce segments are still less than satisfactory. This has affected cross-border trade to some extent.	张宏萍告诉记者，国内“长三角”地区许多中小企业对中亚棉纱、蓝湿皮等物资需求旺盛，但通关、结算、物流等跨境电子商务环节目前仍存在不如人意之处，跨境贸易受到一定影响。
On June 28, 2016, “ISIS” terrorist attacked a bar in Selangor, Malaysia with a hand grenade, injuring eight people. This was Malaysia’s first terrorist attack.	2016年6月28日，“伊斯兰国”恐怖分子用手榴弹袭击了位于马来西亚雪兰莪州的一间酒吧，造成8人受伤。这是马来西亚遭受的首起恐怖袭击事件。
Wang Lei disclosed that starting a medical healthcare company is more challenging when compared to other sectors. “This is not just about making money. You must be patient and get used to loneliness to do this properly.”	王磊坦言，医疗健康创业会比其他行业要难，“这不仅仅是有多少钱的事情，还要沉得下心，耐得住寂寞慢慢去做。”
These problems have attracted the attention of relevant departments, and have also triggered discussions by the outside word as to whether enterprises going abroad should be restricted.	这些问题引起了有关部门的重视，也引起了外界对于是否限制企业走出去的各种议论。
It is understood that financial document smart products based on the most advanced AI technology will significantly increase the efficiency of financial practitioners.	据了解，基于人工智能最前沿技术的金融文档智能产品将大大提高金融从业人的工作效率。
Lu Kang emphasized on the 20th that China has indisputable sovereignty over Huangyan Island and nearby waters.	陆慷在20日强调，中国对黄岩岛及其附近海域拥有无可争辩的主权。
Statistics reveal that fom the Fall of Pinjin to August 1938, the majority of China’s 108 institutions of higher learning were damaged by Japanese bombs. In particular, 10 were completely destroyed, while 25 were forced to cease operations as a result.	据统计，从平津陷落到1938年8月，中国的108所高等学校，绝大部分遭到日军轰炸破坏，其中10所完全被破坏，25所院校因此被迫停办。
As unmanned vehicles become more prevalent, more customers have come to enjoy taking part in aerial pictures of promotional videos or films.	随着无人机的普及，越来越多客户喜欢在宣传片或者电影中加入航拍画面。
Hemingway once liken writing to the tip of an iceberg. There is enormous implications to be found under the sea.	海明威曾将写作比作海上的冰山，在海面以下还有大量的蕴含。
Convolutional neural network has strong characteristic extraction ability. It is widely used in areas such as image classification recognition, and target tracking.	卷积神经网络，拥有强大的特征提取能力，使其在图像分类识别、目标跟踪等领域运用广泛。
The famous “human genome project” is based on first generation sequencing technology. A complete human genome code took more than 10 years to sequence. With the existing second generaion sequencing technology, the time taken would shrink to less than half a day.	大名鼎鼎的“人类基因组计划”基于1代测序技术，耗时十余年测出一套完整的人类基因组密码，而利用现有的2代测序技术，这个时间可以缩短到半天内。
Despite the language barrier, with the help of translated subtitles, European audiences would be able to understand “Tang Xianzu”.	虽然有语言障碍，但借助字幕翻译，欧洲观众也可以看懂《汤显祖》。
As supply-side structural reform is furthered, the share of value-added from the services sector in China accounted for 51.6% of GDP in 2017, and contributed 58.8% to GDP growth. The services sector remained the economy’s primary impetus.	随着供给侧结构性改革深入推进，2017年，我国服务业增加值占GDP比重为51.6%，对经济增长贡献率为58.8%，服务业稳居经济第一拉动力。
The two main suspects of the case are a 25 year-old Indonesian woman and a 28 year-old Vietnamese woman; they were charged with murder on Wednesday.	此案两名主要嫌疑人，25岁的印度尼西亚女子和28岁的越南女子星期三受到谋杀指控。
Fernando Chui, Chief Executive of Macau SAR said on the 12th that the constitution is the fundamental law of the country. It is the highest legal basis for “one country two systems”. It is also the basis for the founding of Macau SAR.	澳门特别行政区行政长官崔世安12日表示，宪法是国家的根本大法，是“一国两制”的最高法律依据，也是澳门特区的立区基础。
It is understood that there are more than 3000 stay-at-home children in Central and Western Huangyan. Most live at home with their aging grandparents. As their parents need to earn a living away from home, they can only see their parents once a year.	据悉，黄岩中西部共有留守儿童3000余名，大多数在家与年迈的爷爷奶奶一起生活，因为父母需要外出务工挣钱，他们甚至一年只能见上父母一面。
Meanwhile, resolving the current predicament of a lack of land and talent in Hong Kong will take time.	同时，目前香港土地及人才短缺的困局，需要更多时间解决。
International academic circles have disputed issues pertaining to the origin of birds for more than a century. However, such past disputes lack fossil evidence.	有关鸟类起源问题，国际学术界已争论了100多年，但以往这些争论都缺少化石证据。
China has always respected the sovereignty and independence of Cambodia, and firmly supports the path of development taken by Cambodia which is compatible to the national conditions of the country.	中国始终尊重柬埔寨的主权和独立，坚定支持柬埔寨走符合本国国情的发展道路。
Japan was affected by a strong earthquake this week, which resulted in a shortage of automobile parts and components. Honda, Nissan and other auto manufacturers said today that their will cut production, and even suspend local auto production.	日本本周遭强烈地震侵袭造成汽车零组件短缺,丰田与日产等汽车制造商今天说,他们将减产甚至暂停国内汽车生产。
For instance, Amazon’s share of the online retail market in the US is already at 34%. By 2020, this will likely to rise to 50%. In China however, Amazon’s market share is less than 1%, a far cry from that of Alibaba and JD.com.	比如，亚马逊在美国在线零售市场的份额已达３４％，２０２０年更有望升至５０％，但在中国，亚马逊的市场份额还不到１％，远远落后于阿里巴巴和京东。
Yang Shilin, who left the mountainous region best understands the needs of rural China. He deeply recognizes his duty as a Chinese youth. “I must learn conscientiously and bring the technology I learned back home”.	从山区走出的杨仕林最能体会中国乡村的需要，他深感自己作为中国青年的责任，“我一定要好好学，把学到的技术带回祖国”。
Relevant data revealed that the global aerospace industry will grow by a rapid 6% to 7% each year. By 2020, China’s aerospace market will amount to RMB800 billion.	相关数据显示，全球航天产业每年都在以6%到7%快速增长，2020年我国航天市场规模将达8000亿元。
A natural gas pipeline connection China and Russia is being built at this time.	一条连接中国与俄罗斯的天然气管道也正在建设之中。
A PECC study forecasts that by 2025, the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone will contribute US$2. 4 trillion of economic growth to the world economy.	ＰＥＣＣ的一项研究报告预测，到２０２５年亚太自贸区将给全球经济带来２．４万亿美元的经济增长。
After New China was founded, it faced poverty, and cultural and scientific vacuums, as well as blockade and hostility from Western nations. China's socialist construction still reaped enormous results.	新中国成立后，面临着国内一穷二白的困难和西方国家的封锁敌视，中国社会主义建设仍然取得了很大成绩。
On the 29th, Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying said that the situation stated in the report did not conform to the facts.	外交部发言人华春莹29日表示，报道所称情况不符合事实。
In 2004, the 74-year-old veteran of the space industry announced his retirement after 42 years of service at NASA.	2004年，在NASA服役了42年后，这位时年74岁的航天界元老宣布退休。
At present, Jia Yueting is LeTV's largest shareholder, holding 25.67% of the shares, all of which have been basically pledged.	目前，贾跃亭为乐视网第一大股东，持股25.67%，这些股权基本已全部被质押。
For now, automatic driving is an important application of artificial intelligence in the automotive field. The world’s auto giants are all engaged in research and development of automatic driving technology.	就目前而言，自动驾驶是人工智能在汽车领域的一大重要应用，世界汽车巨头都在进行自动驾驶技术的研发。
It is said that the superior Kobe beef can sell for more than US$150 (about 962 yuan) per pound.	据说，上好的神户牛肉每磅可以卖到150美元（约合人民币962元）以上。
Wu Haisang said that if the device itself has security holes, or the protection mechanism is not perfect, hackers can control personal devices remotely through vulnerabilities, backdoors, and so on.	伍海桑说，如果设备本身有安全漏洞，或保护机制不完善，黑客完全可以通过漏洞、后门等来远程操控个人的设备。
Since the earth’s inner core is thousands of kilometers deep, it is very difficult to explore the characteristics of its movement and change.	由于地球内核远在数千公里深的地下，了解它的运动变化特征十分困难
This technology uses deep learning to enable the system to learn images of 10,000 people walking in various directions.	这项技术使用深度学习，让系统学习了1万人朝着各种方向行走的影像。
According to Bloomberg, Bill Gates is currently worth US$93.3 billion, ranking second in the world. And before the bursting of the Internet bubble, he was worth over US$100 billion, equivalent to a current value of US$148 billion.	根据彭博数据，目前盖茨身家为933亿美元，是全球第二多，在互联网泡沫爆破前，盖茨身家一度超过1000亿美元，相当于现值1480亿美元。
Friedrich Engels pointed out that none of great historical disasters is not compensated by historical progress.	恩格斯指出：没有哪一次巨大的历史灾难，不以历史的进步作为补偿的。
It is reported that at this meeting, the International Olympic Committee, together with the BOCOG, will formally invite the 205 members of the International Olympic Committee to participate in the 2008 Olympic Games.	据悉,在这次会议上,国际奥委会将与北京奥组委一道正式邀请国际奥委会205个成员奥委会参加2008年奥运会。
On December 11, Vladimir Putin visited Syria’s Khmeimim Air Base to inspect the Russian troops stationed there, meet with Bashar Assad and announce that the Russian military will begin to withdraw.	普京１２月１１日访问叙利亚赫迈米姆空军基地，视察驻扎在此的俄军部队，与巴沙尔会晤并宣布俄军开始撤离。
President Donald Trump said in a telephone conversation with Chinese President Xi Jinping that the United States recognizes China’s position of sovereignty over self-governing Taiwan and respects the “one China” policy.	美国总统川普与中国国家主席习近平在电话谈话中表示，美国承认中国对自治的台湾拥有主权的立场，尊重“一个中国”政策。
The ocean is the source of food for more than 500 million people worldwide and provides employment opportunities for 350 million people.	海洋是全球5亿多人的粮食来源，并为3.5亿人提供就业机会。
China’s investment in Macedonia began in 2006, while in Serbia it began in 2008. And in 2009, China Ocean Shipping Company bought Piraeus Port in Greece.	中国在马其顿的投资始于2006年，在塞尔维亚则是从2008年开始，2009年，中国远洋运输公司买下了希腊比雷埃夫斯港。
Influenced by the factors such as the overall recovery of the world economy and the accelerated growth of the global trade, both of the new export and import order indexes rose for 2 consecutive months, with 51.9% and 51.2% in December, up 1.1% and 0.2% respectively.	受世界经济整体复苏、全球贸易增速加快等因素影响，新出口订单指数和进口指数均连续两个月提升，12月份为51.9%和51.2%，分别比上月上升1.1个和0.2个百分点。
At the end of 2017, Xu Jiayin became “the double richest person” on the newly released 2017 Forbes China's 400 rich list and Hurun China Rich List.	2017年年底，在最新出炉的2017福布斯中国400富豪榜和胡润百富榜上，许家印成为“双料首富”。
In the territory of Kazakhstan, a prehistoric pyramid-shaped site was discovered recently, which may be 1,000 years earlier than the Egyptian pyramids.	哈萨克斯坦境内近日发现了一处史前金字塔形遗址，或比埃及金字塔早1000年。
Zhang Ji, a medical examiner, believes that in a certain extent, AI will be more precise and wiser than the human brain, ensuring the delivery of high-quality soldiers to suitable positions.	体检医生张继认为，在一定程度上，人工智能会比人脑更精准更智慧，能够确保把优质兵员输送到适合的岗位。
People with flu should stay home, and not go to work or school for a week.	患流感的人应该呆在家里，一个星期内不要去上班或上学。
“Aggregation-induced luminescence” is an original concept firstly proposed by Chinese scientists and opens up a new area of luminescent materials.	“聚集诱导发光”是我国科学家率先提出的原创性概念，开辟了发光材料的新领域。
The top-level richest people evade taxes of US$200 billion approximately every year, often at the expense of ordinary employees.	最顶层的富豪们每年偷税约2000亿美元，而这常常以普通员工的利益为代价。
On the one hand, AI may also make wrong judgments on criminal behavior. Therefore, while advancing technological improvements, it is necessary to try to improve the accuracy through the participation of the human eye.	一方面，人工智能也有可能对犯罪行为作出错误判断，因此在推进技术改进的同时，还必须想方设法通过人眼的参与来提高精度。
Although the current vaccine is not completely effective against the transmitted virus, it is still the best way to prevent infection.	尽管目前的疫苗对于传播的病毒并不完全有效，但它仍是防止感染的最佳途径。
In the Google App Store, we can see that the average score of UC browser is as high as 4.5 points, the number of appraisers is more than 16 million, and up to 11 million of appraisers give a mark of 5 points.	在谷歌应用商店里可以看到，ＵＣ浏览器的平均评分高达４．５分，评价人数１６００多万，５分好评人数多达１１００万。
In the third quarter of last year, the accumulated profits of Chinese mobile phone brands exceeded US$1.5 billion for the first time within a quarter, which was a qualitative breakthrough.	去年第三季度，中国手机品牌的累计利润首次在一个季度内超过了15亿美元，这是一个质的突破。
Genetically modified food that enter the US market are primarily governed by three departments, namely the FDA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).	美国转基因产品入市主要受三部门监管，即FDA、环保署（EPA）及农业部（USDA）。
The latest data shows that in the past year, the waiting time for first-hand rental housing has not been shortened but has been extended.	最新数据显示，近一年的时间内，一手租赁房房源等待时间非但没有缩短，反而延长了。
An Fengshan said that as we all know, the United Nations is an international organization composed of sovereign nations and pursues the one-China policy.	安峰山表示，众所周知，联合国是由主权国家组成的国际组织，奉行一个中国政策。
This mission was the 260th flight of the Long March rocket series.	这次任务是长征系列运载火箭的第２６０次飞行。
The optoelectronicist has made outstanding achievements in the fields of micro/nano engineering, nano equipment and so on. He is an academician of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and a foreign academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.	这位光电学家在微纳米工程、纳米器材等领域成就卓著，是美国国家工程院院士、中国科学院外籍院士。
WeChat has changed the way of people's communication. Video calls and voice calls reduced the number of telephone calls for everyone. “Talk about it in detail on WeChat” seems have become a daily language.	微信改变了人们的沟通方式，视频通话、语音通话使大家打电话的次数变少，“详细情况微信上再聊”似乎成了日常用语。
On the 11th, Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Lu Kang said that the House of Representatives of the United States Congress has recently passed a relevant Taiwan-related motion, which has seriously violated the one-China policy and the principles of the three Sino-U.S. joint communiques, and interfered in China’s internal affairs. China is firmly opposed to it.	外交部发言人陆慷11日说，美国国会众议院近日通过有关涉台议案严重违反一个中国政策和中美三个联合公报原则，干涉中国内政，中方对此表示坚决反对。
Macedonia declared independence in 1991 and joined the United Nations in 1993 in the name of "The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia".	马其顿1991年宣布独立，并于1993年以“前南斯拉夫马其顿共和国”名义加入联合国。
This achievement represents that Micius has the ability to realize intercontinental quantum secure communication.	该成果标志着“墨子号”已具备实现洲际量子保密通信的能力。
In response to climate change, no country can stay out of the question.	应对气候变化，没有一个国家可以置身事外。
In August 2017, retail giant Wal-Mart and internet giant Google announced that they would cooperate to launch voice shopping services and jointly fight against the common enemy Amazon.	２０１７年８月，零售巨头沃尔玛与互联网巨头谷歌宣布，将合作推出语音购物服务，联手对抗双方共同的敌人亚马逊。
The data shows that the average global surface temperature in 2017 was about 1.1℃ higher than the pre-industrial age.	数据显示，2017年全球平均地表温度比工业化前时代高出了约1.1摄氏度。
According to Fan Yanhui, in the medium and short term, the Renminbi is not likely to rise or fall too much, and is more likely to remain stable at the current level.	在范言慧看来，中期和短期内，人民币不太有大涨大跌的可能性，更可能在现有水平下保持稳定态势。
In answer to the question about Taiwan’s recently released defense-related reports, An Fengshan made the above response.	在回答有关台湾方面日前发布防务相关报告的问题时，安峰山作了上述回应。
Many people have noticed that since the beginning of this century, the birth rate of South Korea has been below 1.5% and the problem of aging has become increasingly severe.	不少人注意到，本世纪初至今，韩国人口出生率一直低于1.5%，老龄化问题日益严峻。
On the 20th, Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Lu Kang also stressed that the behavior of the US warships have damaged China’s sovereignty and security interests, posed a serious threat to the safety of Chinese vessels and personnel carrying out normal official activities in the relevant sea areas, and violated the basic norms of international relations. And he expressed that China was strongly dissatisfied with this and would take necessary measures to firmly safeguard China's sovereignty.	中国外交部发言人陆慷也在20日强调，美方军舰有关行为损害中国的主权和安全利益，对中方在有关海域开展正常公务活动的船只和人员安全造成严重威胁，违背国际关系基本准则，并表示中方对此表示强烈不满，将采取必要措施，坚定维护中国主权。
Last year, Amir Khan's movie Dangal become a black horse in China’s film market, and finally won 1.29 billion yuan at the box office.	去年，阿米尔·汗主演的电影《摔跤吧！爸爸》在中国成为影市黑马，最终收获12.9亿元票房。
On the whole, the average trust of the American people on various institutions fell sharply by 37%, while the average trust of the Chinese people on various institutions rose by 27%. Both ranges were the highest among the 28 countries surveyed (regions).	整体而言，美国民众对各机构的平均信任度大幅下滑37个百分点，中国民众对各机构的平均信任度上升27个百分点，上升和下降幅度都是28个受调查国家(地区)中最高的。
Wang Fengyuan spoke at the launch of his new book, saying that before coming to the United States, he wanted to find a book to get to know the experience of others, but he searched all over Xinhua Bookstore and did not find a book about studying in American middle school.	王丰源在首发式发言中说，来美国前想找本书看看别人的经验，但他翻遍新华书店没找到关于留学美国中学的书。
It is understood that in all electronic licenses, the most critical and crucial is the electronic ID card.	据了解，在所有的电子证照中，最核心、最关键的是电子身份证。
In the end, the painting was sold for US$450.3 million, which was equivalent to approximately RMB2.986 billion, setting a record for the "most expensive" auction for art.	最终，这幅画以4.503亿美元的价格成交，约合29.86亿元人民币，创下艺术品拍卖的“最昂贵”纪录。
According to the Beijing News, data released on January 18 by the National Bureau of Statistics showed that the number of births in the country was 17.23 million in 2017, a decrease of 630,000 over the previous year.	据新京报报道，1月18日，国家统计局公布的数据显示，2017年全国出生人口为1723万人，比上年减少63万人。
A few months later, the Indian government purchased eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft for the first time and deployed them over the Indian Ocean in 2013. In 2016, India purchased four P-8Is at the original price once again.	几个月后，印度政府首次购买了8架P-8I海上巡逻机，于2013年部署在印度洋海域，2016年，印度再次以当初的价格购买了4架P-8I。
Yuan Chengye has long been engaged in extractant chemistry and organophosphorus chemistry research, who is one of the founders of Chinese extractant chemistry research.	袁承业长期从事萃取剂化学和有机磷化学研究，是中国萃取剂化学研究的奠基人之一。
Tomas Berdych is currently ranked 19th in the world. He is preparing for the Qatar Open, the first event of the new season. He also aims at the Grand Slam championship in the new season.	伯蒂奇现世界排名第19，他正在备战新赛季的首项赛事——卡塔尔公开赛，新赛季他也将目光瞄准了大满贯冠军。
Earlier that day, the UK team defeated the South African team with a slight margin of 7 to 5. This may affect their status in the finals.	当天早些时候，英国队以7比5险胜南非队，这可能影响了他们在决赛中状态。
At the invitation of the contest's sponsors, Yang Shilin became the torchbearer of the Pingchang Winter Olympics.	应当时的大赛赞助商邀请，杨仕林成为平昌冬奥会的火炬手。
However, in the middle of 2016, Forbes magazine changed her net worth from $4.5 billion to 0.	然而2016年年中，《福布斯》杂志将她的身家从 45 亿美元修改为 0。
After the July 7th Incident in 1937, Japan launched a full-scale war of aggression against China.	1937年七七事变后，日本发动全面侵华战争。
China has always fully and strictly implemented the UN Security Council resolutions and will never allow Chinese citizens and businesses to engage in activities that violate the resolutions of the UN Security Council.	中方始终全面、严格执行联合国安理会决议，绝不允许中国公民和企业从事违反安理会决议的活动。
On the 16th, UN Secretary-General António Guterres highly praised China for playing a crucial role in the global response to climate change and encouraged China to continue to play an important role in the future.	联合国秘书长古特雷斯１６日高度赞扬中国在全球应对气候变化行动中发挥的至关重要的作用，并鼓励中国在今后继续扮演重要角色。
Since May 2017 alone, there have been more than 160 incidents of armed conflict, terrorist attacks, demonstrations and other types of emergencies in Mali.	仅2017年5月份以来，马里境内累计发生武装冲突、恐怖袭击、游行示威等各类突发事件160余起。
The rise of science and technology in China will have a positive impact on global technological innovation. The EU should further strengthen cooperation with China in the field of science and technology.	中国的科学技术崛起将给全球科技创新带来积极影响，欧盟应该进一步加强与中国在科学技术领域的合作
She said that China has always fully and strictly enforced Security Council resolutions, fulfilled its own international obligations, and never allowed Chinese citizens and businesses to engage in activities that violated the UN Security Council resolutions.	她表示，中方始终全面、严格执行安理会决议，履行自身承担的国际义务，绝不允许中国公民和企业从事违反安理会决议的活动。
Not long ago, the National Energy Administration of China announced that by 2020, it will invest 2.5 trillion yuan in the field of alternative energy.	不久前，中国国家能源局宣布，2020年前，将向可替代能源领域投资2.5万亿元人民币。
In order to evade the criticism caused by unconstitutionality, Japan tried to cover up and sophistry to put the attack aircraft carrier under “defensive” weapons.	为了规避因违宪而招致批判，日方极力掩饰和狡辩，把攻击型航母划归“防御型”武器。
On the 27th, Zhejiang Geely Holding Group announced that it has reached an agreement with European fund company Cevian Capital to acquire 82.47 million A shares and 78.77 million B shares of AB Volvo from Cevian Capital.	浙江吉利控股集团27日宣布与欧洲基金公司Cevian Capital达成一致，将收购其持有的沃尔沃集团（AB Volvo）8847万股的A股股票和7877万股的B股股票。
After the transaction is completed, Geely Holding will own 8.2% of the Volvo Group, becoming its largest shareholder and holding 15.6% of the voting rights.	项目交割后，吉利控股将拥有沃尔沃集团8.2%股权，成为其第一大持股股东，并拥有15.6%的投票权。
The head of the Department of Industry Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that overcapacity in the steel industry was a global issue.	国家发展改革委产业协调司负责人今天在此间指出，钢铁产能过剩是全球性问题。
According to public opinion analysis, after Donald Trump took office at the beginning of last year, the interaction between the leaders of the United Kingdom and the United States lagged far behind the past and the cooperation in major international affairs has decreased. There are more and more disagreements, and the "special relationship" between Britain and the United States is facing a great challenge.	有舆论分析认为，特朗普去年初上任后，英美两国领导人互动远远落后于以往，在国际重大事务中的合作减少，分歧越来越多，英美“特殊关系”正面临巨大考验。
It is still a long-term, complicated and formidable process to fundamentally improve the quality of the atmospheric environment.	大气环境质量要得到根本改善，仍然是一个长期、复杂、艰巨的过程。
On January 4th, 2017, Mobike completed D-round financing amounting to US$200 million. Investors include Tencent, Warburg Pincus, Ctrip, etc.	2017年1月4日，摩拜完成D轮融资，金额达到2亿美元，投资方包括腾讯、华平投资、携程等
On the 21st, Wang Fumei, the older sister of the “ice flower boy” Wang Fuman, told reporters in Beijing that her ideal was to become a doctor in the future because her grandmother was often ill.	21日，“冰花男孩”王福满的姐姐王福美在北京接受记者采访时说，自己未来的理想是想当医生，因为自己的奶奶经常生病。
The year 2018 is the 40th year for China to implement reform and opening up.	2018年是中国实施改革开放的第四十个年头。
The Moroccan Football Association submitted a formal application to FIFA last August to host the 2026 World Cup.	摩洛哥足球协会去年8月向国际足联递交了承办2026年世界杯的正式申请。
Israel has begun to diagnose the real causes of cancer and other diseases in human beings by cracking and analyzing the human genes.	以色列已开始通过破解和分析人类基因，来诊断人类患癌症和其他疾病的真正原因。
According to the Voice of China "CNR News”, a new breakthrough has been achieved in the clinical study of stem cell intervention for premature ovarian failure in China.	据中国之声《央广新闻》报道，我国干细胞干预卵巢早衰临床研究近日获得新突破。
These 2 Chinese books defeated the other 600 ones from 32 countries and successfully entered the list of 14 award-winning books selected in Leipzig, Germany.	中国的这两部作品击败了来自32个国家的600部图书，成功入围了在德国莱比锡评选出的14部获奖图书之列。
This year, China will again launch more than 10 Beidou satellites and establish a basic system consisting of 18 satellites, to provide services for the countries along and around "the Belt and Road”.	今年我国将再次发射十余颗北斗卫星，建立由18颗卫星组成的基本系统，为“一带一路”沿线国家及周边国家提供服务。
In the next step, the team will follow the trend of technological development to research the high-quality depth cameras based on neurochips, apply them to smart cars and pilotless areas, and actively promote the widespread use of neurochips in the “Internet+” related fields.	下一步，团队将紧跟技术发展的潮流研究基于神经芯片的高质量深度相机，使其能应用于智能汽车以及无人驾驶领域，并积极推动神经芯片在“互联网+”相关领域的广泛应用。
Wang confessed that, by chance, he came into contact with marijuana and began to smoke.	王某交代，一次偶然的机会，他接触到了大麻并开始吸食。
Afterwards, the school decided to establish a pagoda-type water tower after extensive consultations with the community's celebrities at that time.	后来校方向当时的社会名流征求意见，得到广泛赞同后决定建立古塔式水塔。
In March 2017, Pu'er coffee, with a brand value of RMB 11.136 billion, entered the top 10 most valuable brands of China's agricultural field.	2017年3月，普洱咖啡以111.36亿元的品牌价值成为中国农业区域品牌价值10强。
He said it could not be determined that there was no risk in such investment, but it was very positive judging from the current response of all parties.	他说，不能说这种投资没有风险，但从目前各方的反应来看，都很积极。
According to Japanese media, the clean-up of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant is expected to be completed at least until 2051, but it is still uncertain whether it can be realized as scheduled.	据日本媒体报道，福岛第一核电站的清理工作预计至少到２０５１年才能完成，但能否如期实现还是未知数。
She said that President Xi Jinping’s letter in reply to the Chinese students of the Moscow University has expressed his care and hope for the oversea students and the young generation.	她说，习主席给莫斯科大学中国留学生的回信寄托了习主席对广大留学生、对青年一代的关怀和厚望。
It is reported that the IOC did not explain why the remaining 111 Russian athletes were not qualified and did not disclose the names of the athletes on the list. The IOC only stated that they were not the 46 athletes who were deprived of qualification in Sochi Winter Olympics.	报道称，IOC并未解释余下111名俄罗斯运动员为何未获确认资格，也没有公开名单上的运动员名字，仅称他们并非在索契冬奥被褫夺资格的46人。
From January to October in 2017, Sino-British bilateral trade volume amounted to US$ 65.1 billion, of which Britain's export trade to China increased by 11.3% year-on-year. China has continued to be one of the fastest growing export markets for the UK.	2017年1月至10月，中英双边贸易额达651亿美元，英国对华出口同比增长11.3%，中国继续成为英国增长最快的出口市场之一。
The leaders of this revolution are the high tech giant Alibaba group’s Alipay and Tencent’s WeChat payment.	而这项革命的领跑者是高科技巨头阿里巴巴集团的支付宝和腾讯公司的微信支付。
According to experts, from the trends of PMI in manufacturing and non-manufacturing industries, the situation of steady economic growth in China is even more pronounced.	有关专家表示，从制造业和非制造业PMI走势看，当前我国经济稳中向好的发展态势更趋明显。
Both of Wang Xinglian, 73, and Wang Shuyu, 71, are natives of Hutou Village and began practicing medicine in the 1970s.	汪兴莲今年73岁，汪淑玉71岁，都是虎头村本地人，都在上世纪70年代开始行医。
Only when Taiwan abandons the "Taiwan independence" position and the hostile thinking, the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait can be truly maintained.	台湾方面只有放弃“台独”立场和敌对思维才能真正维护台海和平稳定。
Over the past 10 years, China has become more and more innovative and has demonstrated its determination to protect intellectual property rights.	过去10年来中国变得越来越创新，并表现出保护知识产权的决心。
As developing countries, China and Latin America are at a similar stage of development, face the same development tasks and are each other's development opportunities.	中拉同为发展中国家，处于相近的发展阶段，面临相同的发展任务，互为对方的发展机遇。
“We formally submitted an application to the FDA in 2013 and finally obtained a commercial license, which has gone through five years”, Lin Yongjun said.	“我们2013年向FDA正式提交申请，到最终获得商业化许可，经历了5年的时间。”林拥军说。
A week ago, the first CBA All-Star Game after Yao Ming became chairman of the China Basketball Association ended in Shenzhen.	一周前，姚明出任中国篮协主席后的第一个CBA全明星在深圳落幕。
Under the personal care and vigorous encouragement of President Xi Jinping and President Michelle Bachelet, the comprehensive strategic partnership between the two countries has made considerable progress.	在习近平主席和巴切莱特总统的亲自关心和大力推动下，两国全面战略伙伴关系取得长足发展。
According to the data of the World Federation of Exchanges, the total market value, the secondary market transaction volume, and IPO financing amount of the Shanghai Stock Exchange rank fourth, fifth, and second respectively in the world's exchanges.	据世界交易所联合会的数据，上交所股票总市值、二级市场交易额及IPO融资在全球交易所中排第四位、第五位和第二位。
In May 2016, Huawei accused Samsung of infringement and filed a lawsuit against Samsung in the Northern District Court of California and Shenzhen Intermediate People's Court.	2016年5月，华为指控三星侵权，在加州北区法院和深圳中级人民法院对三星提起诉讼
It is obvious that in the differentiated world, finding common ground is not easy and forming a consensus is more difficult.	显然，在分化的世界中，找到共同点不容易，形成共识更困难。
In the end, Kenya's athlete Kenneth Mungara won the championship of men's group in 2:13:38, and Ethiopian runner Gulume Tollesa won the championship of women's group in 2:29:36.	最终，肯尼亚选手蒙加拉以2小时13分38秒的成绩获得男子组冠军，埃塞俄比亚选手沙拉以2小时29分36秒的成绩获得女子组冠军。
In 2016, 95% of the 731 million Chinese netizens were able to access the Internet via smart phones, more than 470 million of which could pay online through mobile devices.	2016年在7.31亿中国网民当中有95%都能通过智能手机上网，其中超过4.7亿能够通过移动设备在线支付。
The Australian Sailing Championship is currently one of the highest-standard and most influential national sailing events in Australia and is held once a year.	澳大利亚帆船锦标赛是目前澳大利亚规格最高、最具影响力的国家级帆船赛事之一，每年举办一次。
In response to a question at the routine press conference on the 27th, Taiwan Affairs Office spokesperson An Fengshan said that peaceful development in cross-Strait relations is the fundamental guarantee of peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait. Engaging in “Taiwan Independence” activities is the biggest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait.	国台办发言人安峰山２７日在例行新闻发布会上应询表示，两岸关系和平发展是台海和平稳定的根本保障，搞“台独”分裂对台海和平稳定是最大的威胁。
Currently, Hong Kong is the primary location for Mainland China's outward direct investment. Hong Kong is also Mainland China’s second largest trading partner.	目前，香港是内地对外直接投资的首要地点，香港也是内地第二大贸易伙伴。
On how to prevent graduation anxiety, Shi Yao believed that it was absolutely necessary to prepare a proper job career plan while in university.	针对如何预防毕业焦虑，石瑶认为，大学期间做好职业生涯规划十分必要。
On January 5, the central parity rate of the RMB was 6.4915 to the USD, breaking through the 6.5 threshold again.	1月5日，人民币兑美元中间价报6.4915，再次突破6.5。
Compared to developed countries, most of China’s manufacturing enterprises are still implementing product-led strategies. This not only fail to adequately meet customer demand, it also affects and restricts China’s manufacturing sector from participating in domestic and foreign competition.	与发达国家相比，中国大部分制造业企业仍然在实施以产品为主导的战略，这不仅不能很好地满足客户需求，也影响和制约了中国制造业参与国内外竞争。
I would like to take this opportunity to offer New Year blessings to all citizens of the country, as well as to our fellow country people in the Hong Kong SAR, the Macau SAR and in Taiwan as well as Chinese nationals residing overseas!	在这里，我向全国各族人民，向香港特别行政区同胞、澳门特别行政区同胞、台湾同胞和海外侨胞致以新年的祝福！
The Ministry of Education said that 90% of these students study in English language countries, such as the US, UK and Australia; 70% are pursuing at least a bachelor’s degree.	据教育部表示，这些学生90%以上都就读于英语国家，例如美国、英国和澳大利亚等，70%的人至少是在攻读学士学位。
Today, thanks to the the hard work of the government and all sectors of the community, the protection of ancient villages has become a consensus in general.	如今，在政府、社会各界的共同努力下，保护古村基本形成了共识。
There has been further development in the criminal case of Chinese scholar Zhang Yingying who was murdered in the US.	中国学者章莹颖在美遇害案近日有了新的进展。
It is understood that a major highlight of the China-EU Tourism Year is to recommend unknown European tourist attractions to Chinese tourists.	据了解，中欧旅游年的一大重点是向中国游客推介非知名的欧洲旅游景点。
The 19th CPC National Congress pointed out that protecting and improving people’s livelihood must entail grasping the most direct and most practical issues of interests that citizens are most concerned with.	十九大报告指出，保障和改善民生要抓住人民最关心最直接最现实的利益问题。
China has always played an active and positive role in regional cooperation, which is well recognized by regional countries.	中国在地区合作中发挥的作用一贯是积极正面的，受到地区国家高度认可。
According to internationally accepted standards on aging, a country or region where the share of the population aged 60 and above accounts for 10% or those aged 65 and above account for 7%, is an aging society.	按照国际通行的老龄化标准，60岁以上的人口占总人口比例达到10%或65岁以上人口占总人口比例达到7%的国家或地区，即进入老龄化社会。
There are also negatives related to this education method, including placing physically disabled children in a comparatively isolated environment while growing up. This would impair their ability to integrate into society. More importantly, it would affect the formation of a healthy personality for these children.	但这种教育方式也有其弊端，包括把残疾孩子放在相对隔离的环境中成长，不利于他们融入社会，更会影响他们健全人格的形成。
National defense mobilization is an important link in converting and transferring combat potential into combat competence.	国防动员是将战争潜力转化输送为战争实力的重要链条。
Xi Jinping, in a telephone conversation with Trump on the 16th, briefed the latter on his view of the current situation in the Korean peninsular, and pointed out some of the positive changes that have taken place in the peninsular.	习近平16日同特朗普通电话时应询介绍了对当前朝鲜半岛局势的看法，指出朝鲜半岛形势出现一些积极变化。
Potential risk of conflict in cross-Strait relations would significantly affect the confidence of enterprises looking to invest in Taiwan. Inadequate investment would result in weaker economic growth, which would in turn lead to less employment opportunities, low wages and a series of other issues related to people’s livelihood.	两岸关系有冲突的潜在风险，极大地影响企业投资台湾的信心，投资不足就带来经济增长相对乏力，从而造成就业机会少、薪资低等一系列民生问题。
For days, relevant departments in the counties have provided 2.838 million RMB of bursaries for over 690 college students from poor families.	连日来，县有关部门还为690余名贫困大学生落实283.8万元就学资助。
A fishing vessel sank in the waters near Hong Kong on the night of the 20th after colliding with a cargo vessel. After nearly a day of search and rescue, seven crew members are still missing.	一艘渔船20日晚在香港附近海域与一艘货船相撞后沉没，经过近一天搜救，仍有7名船员失踪。
UK Prime Minister Theresa May made a pledge to the public on the 11th that the UK government will implement a 25-year plan, and will eradicate avoidable plastic waste pollution by 2042.	英国首相特雷莎·梅11日向公众承诺，英国政府将实施25年计划，在2042年前消除所有可避免的塑料垃圾污染。
Brazil has now attracted the attention of the international oil industry on the back of rich pre-salt oil deposits.	现如今的巴西，凭借丰富的盐下石油储量引起了国际石油界的关注。
Zhang Xiang, who was born in Mainland China, will soon be appointed President of the University of Hong Kong. News of the appointment drew heated debate as soon as it was released.	出生在内地的张翔即将上任香港大学校长， 任命消息甫一传出，便引起不少热议。
Analysts said that aginst the backdrop of rising anti-globalization and protectionism, constructing a comprehensive and high-quality Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone will inject new impetus into achieving a unified Asia-Pacific regional economy.	分析人士指出，在逆全球化和贸易保护主义思潮有所抬头的背景下，构建一个全面的、高质量的亚太自贸区将为实现亚太区域经济一体化注入新动力。
Microsoft will convert all Chinese language supported research models into product-oriented core technology, and develop a predictive Swiftkey Chinese smart keyboard.	微软将把各种中文支持研究模型转变为产品化的核心技术，并开发一种意图导向的Ｓｗｉｆｔｋｅｙ中文智能输入。
The western migration of the ancient Yuezhi (or Rouzhi) people to Central Asia is a major event in the history of the Silk Route. For a long time, Chinese and foreign academics have long held various different views about the hometown of the Yuezhi people before the western migration.	古代月氏西迁中亚是丝绸之路历史上的重大事件，长期以来，对于月氏西迁之前的原居地，中外学术界长期存在几种不同观点。
Using CRISPR genome editing technology to treat cancer has been recognized as a revolutionary cancer treatment.	将CRISPR基因编辑技术用于治疗癌症，被认为是一种革命性的癌症疗法。
German researchers, experimenting on mice, have found that the immune system, in addition to playing a defensive role, could also assist in the formation of cancer.	德国研究人员利用小鼠实验发现，免疫系统除可起到防御作用外，还可能助力癌症形成。
The foundation of both Alipay and WeChat Pay is the QR Code. The amount of information these tiny black-and-white squares can store is more than 300 times that of a one-digit code.	支付宝和微信支付的基础都是二维码，这种黑白相间的小方格子能够存储的信息量是一位码的300倍以上。
Avandia, which debuted in 1999, is an “insulin sensitizer”, used for treating Type 2 diabetes.	1999年面世的文迪雅是一种胰岛素增敏剂,适用于治疗Ⅱ型糖尿病。
He revealed that prior to 2017, most students studied unmanned aerial vehicles for employment prospects as well as out of interest.	他透露，2017年以前，大部分学员学习无人机一方面为了就业，一方面为了兴趣。
Computer security experts forecast that more cars will be stolen because the number of online networking vehicles is increasing.	计算机安全专家表示，预计会有更多的车被偷，因为与互联网联网的汽车数目在不断增加。
The technology sector should never forget that it is our humanity and humility that have made technology a possibility in having a positive impact on human life.	科技行业永远不应该忘记：是我们的人性和谦卑让技术对人类生活产生积极影响成为可能。
On January 17, 2017, UK Prime Minister Theresa May, in a speech on “Brexit”, highlighted that while trade between the UK and the EU was important, the UK was also interested in trade relations with other markets that are growing rapidly in the world.	2017年1月17日，英国首相特雷莎·梅就英国“脱欧”问题发表演讲时强调，英国与欧盟之间的贸易固然重要，但是英国也更看重与其他世界上快速增长的市场之间的贸易关系。
Recently, a survey of 2008 people conducted by a media entity revealed that more than half of those surveyed have had the experience of being fooled by false information on health care and well being.	日前，有媒体对2008名受访者进行的一项调查显示，超半数的受访者曾有被医疗养生不实信息忽悠的经历。
The 25th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Economic Leaders' Meeting was held in the central Vietnam city of Da Nang from the 10th to 11th. The progress of the Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific (FTAAP) will be one of the highlights of this meeting.	亚太经合组织（ＡＰＥＣ）第二十五次领导人非正式会议将于１０日至１１日在越南中部城市岘港举行，亚太自贸区（ＦＴＡＡＰ）进程是此次会议讨论的热点之一。
China carrying out peaceful construction activities and laying out the necessary defense facilities on relevant islands and reefs in the South China Sea are matters within the scope of China’s sovereignty.	中方在有关南海岛礁上开展和平建设活动、部署必要的防卫设施，是中国主权范围内的事。
This project gave all educators a new way of thinking - not to teach, but to create a new learning environment for students to allow them to be prepared for life in the future.	该项目赋予了所有教育者一种新的思维——不是去教授，而是去为学生创造一种新型的学习环境，使得学生为未来生活做好准备。
Qin Gang elaborated on the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, and positively appraised the results of China-Brazil relations, which have developed comprehensively and rapidly in recent years. He also said that given the current international situation, the further strengthening of cooperation between China and Brazil, both of which are major developing countries and all-round strategic partners, has great significance.	秦刚向巴方宣介中共十九大精神，积极评价中巴关系近年全面快速发展所取得的成绩，并表示，当前国际形势下，中巴作为发展中大国和全面战略伙伴进一步加强合作具有十分重要的意义。
Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, Inc, on the night of the 19th, announced the latest investigation results of Unit Reactor 2 of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station. Nuclear residue from the unit’s reactor after the core melted was found for the first time.	日本东京电力公司１９日晚公布了对福岛第一核电站２号机组内部的最新调查结果，首次发现了该机组反应堆堆芯熔化后的核残渣。
When Associated Press took stock of the 2017 “big winners” in corporate America, Amazon was first on the list.	美联社在盘点美国公司２０１７“大赢家”时，第一个列出的就是亚马逊。
Between the 15th and the 19th, 16 invited think tank delegates from 11 countries including Angola, Kenya and South Africa visited China to observe and study the country.	15日至19日，来自安哥拉、肯尼亚、南非等11个国家的16名智库代表应邀对中国进行考察访问。
As an economic information publisher, Thomson Reuters Foundation siad that China imported 7.3 million tonnes of plastic waste in China, accounting for 56% of the world’s total plastic waste import.	作为经济信息发布机构，汤森路透基金会说，中国2016年进口730万吨废塑料，占当年全世界废塑料进口额的56%。
Wang Zhidong, the lawyer representing the family of Zhang Yingying said that the family expressed relief at the decision made by the Attorney General. They thanked him and the local prosecutor for considering and respecting the wishes of the family, and made decisions that were compatible to the wishes of the family.	章莹颖家人的代理律师王志东表示，家人对司法部长的决定表示欣慰，感谢他和当地检察官考虑并尊重家人的请求，做出了与家人意愿相符的决定。
In 2017, e-commerce giant Amazon.com made frequent moves in the world. It not only successfully launched AI terminals but was also involved in the offline sector, opening a new chapter in new retail.	２０１７年，电商巨头亚马逊公司在全球动作频频，不仅成功推出人工智能终端，还涉足线下，掀开了新型零售的篇章。
Although China is the world’s second largest pharmaceutical market after the US, some of the most effective modern medicines are not listed for sale in the market.	尽管中国是仅次于美国的世界第二大医药市场，但一些最有效的现代药品却没有上市销售。
According to the Forestry Department of Jilin, the 1998 data from a joint monitoring exercise by China, the US and Russia showed that there were only four to six Siberian tigers, and three to five Amur leopards living in the wild in Jilin Province.	据吉林省林业厅介绍，1998年中美俄等国联合监测的数据显示，吉林省仅有野生东北虎4到6只、东北豹3到5只。
Red meat, dairy, and chocolate could help relieve IBD	廋肉、奶制品和巧克力是否有助于缓解炎症性肠病 (IBD) ？
Red meat and chocolate may sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.	廋肉和巧克力可能听起来像是你消化系统的梦魇。
But a new study claims quite the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based protein and dairy treats could help relieve symptoms of sufferers of inflammatory bowel disease.	但是一项新的研究结果显示恰恰相反：富含肉类蛋白和乳制品的饮食可以帮助缓解炎症性肠病患者的相关症状。
The incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and bloating, recurring or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme tiredness.	该种不治之症为约 130 万名美国人和约30万英国人带来生活影响，导致胃痉挛和腹胀、经常性或出血性腹泻、体重减轻和极度疲倦等。
While sufferers are usually advised to dodge meat and dairy to soothe their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found protein's essential amino acid tryptophan helps develop immune cells that foster a tolerant gut.	华盛顿大学的研究人员通常会建议患者避免进食肉类和奶制品以缓解症状，但研究人员发现蛋白质的关键氨基酸-色氨酸有助于促进免疫细胞生长，而这些细胞可增进肠道的耐受力。
Lead investigator Dr Marco Colonna explained immune cells patrol the gut to ensure that harmful microbes hidden in the food don't sneak into the body.	首席研究员马尔科?科隆纳 (Marco Colonna) 博士解释说，免疫细胞会在肠道中进行巡逻，确保隐藏在食物中的有害微生物不会悄悄进入体内。
Cells that are capable of triggering inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance, protecting the body without damaging sensitive tissues.	引发炎症的细胞与增进耐受性的细胞之间保持均衡，保护身体而不损伤各类敏感脆弱的组织。
When the balance tilts too far toward inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease can result.	当均衡状态过于偏向炎症时，就可能会发生炎症性肠病。
In experiments it was found a kind of tolerance-promoting immune cell appears in mice that carry a specific bacterium in their guts.	在实验中发现一种促进免疫力的细胞出现在携带特殊细菌的小白鼠中。
And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the cells' appearance.	细菌需要色氨酸（蛋白质的构成部分之一）来形成细胞的外观。
Professor Colonna said: 'We established a link between one bacterial species - Lactobacillus reuteri - that is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.	科隆纳教授说：“我们在一种细菌种群 (罗伊氏乳杆菌，这是肠道微生物群的正常部分) 和可促进耐受力的细胞种群发展之间建立了联系。
The more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had.'	小白鼠在饮食中摄入的色氨酸越多，它们的免疫细胞就越多。
He suggested if the same works in humans, a combination of L. reuteri and a tryptophan-rich diet may foster a more tolerant, less inflammatory gut environment.	他建议，如果人类使用相同的方法，即路氏乳酸杆菌和富含色氨酸的饮食相结合可能会形成一个更具耐受力，更少发炎性的肠道环境。
Postdoctoral researcher Dr Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas studying a kind of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she discovered that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain but housed separately did not.	博士后研究员路易莎?塞万提斯?巴拉甘 (Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas) 研究了一种可增进耐受力的免疫细胞，当她发现一组研究小鼠有这样的细胞，但是另一组同样的菌株分开饲养时没有。
She suspected the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live within the gastrointestinal tract.	她怀疑这种差异与小白鼠的肠道微生物 (指通常生活在胃肠道内的细菌，病毒和真菌) 群落有关。
The guts of the mice were DNA sequenced and it was found six bacterial species present in the mice with the immune cells but absent from the mice without them.	对小白鼠的胆固醇进行 DNA 测序，发现有 6 种细菌种群存在于具有免疫细胞的小鼠体内，但没有免疫细胞的小白鼠体内则没有。
Mice reared in a sterile environment so they lacked a gut microbiome and do not develop this kind of immune cell were given L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.	小白鼠在无菌环境中饲养，因此它们缺乏肠道微生物，并且不能出现这种免疫细胞，存在路氏乳杆菌则产生免疫细胞。
To understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without bacteria - to immature immune cells isolated from mice.	为了理解细菌如何影响免疫系统，研究人员在液体中培养路氏乳杆菌，然后将无细菌的少量液体转移到从小白鼠分离出的未成熟免疫细胞中。
The immune cells developed into the tolerance-promoting cells.	该免疫细胞发育成为具有耐受力的细胞。
When the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a byproduct of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.	当从液体中纯化出活性成分时，可以证明该活性成分是色氨酸代谢的副产物，称为吲哚-3-乳酸。
When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's feed, the number of such cells rose by about 50 percent but when tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells dropped by half.	当研究人员将小白鼠饲料中的色氨酸数量翻倍后，这类细胞的数量增加了大约 50％，但当色氨酸水平减半时，细胞数量减少了一半。
Dr Cervantes-Barragan explained people have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and most of us shelter L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.	塞万提斯?巴拉甘 (Cervantes-Barragan) 博士解释说，人们和老鼠一样，具有相同的增进耐受力的细胞，我们大多数人在我们的胃肠道中存在着路氏乳杆菌。
It is not known whether tryptophan byproducts from L. reuteri induce the cells to develop in people as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in people with inflammatory bowel disease.	人类是否可以像实验中的小白鼠一样将体内来自路氏乳杆菌的色氨酸副产物诱导细胞发育，目前尚未可知，但在炎症性肠病患者中发现与色氨酸有关的基因缺陷。
She said: 'The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage since these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestines.	她说：“这些细胞的发育可能正是我们想要得到的结果，因为这些细胞可以控制肠道内表面的炎症反应。
Potentially, high levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri may induce expansion of this population.'	可以不确切地说，在路氏乳杆菌中存在的高水平色氨酸可能会导致该菌种数量的增加。
Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United have signed a 'genius' in Nemanja Matic	何塞·穆里尼奥认为曼联签下了“天才”内马尼亚·马蒂奇
Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho, after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday evening.	周三晚，内马尼亚·马蒂奇在桑普多利亚对抗赛首次亮相后，穆里尼奥认定曼联签下了一位“天才”中场球员。
The £40m signing from Chelsea started the 2-1 win in Dublin, United's final preseason game before the Uefa Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed in the holding role as the likes of Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira marauded forward at will.	马蒂奇来自切尔西，签约金高达 4000 万英镑，周二在都柏林对阵皇家马德里的欧洲超级杯之前的联赛最后一场季前赛中开打 2-1，赢得了保罗·博格巴和安德烈亚斯·佩雷拉的青睐。
However, having been left out of the Blues' preseason tour of Asia, Matic was severely lacking match fitness and only managed 45 minutes, something Mourinho admitted needed to be improved before the start of the Premier League season.	然而，在布鲁斯季前赛亚洲巡回赛中，马蒂奇比赛状态严重不足，只完成了 45 分钟的时间，穆里尼奥承认在英超赛季开始前需要改进。
"He needs time but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," Mourinho said.	“他需要时间，但他有经验、智慧以及天才的思考方式——他思考足球，”穆里尼奥说。
"We will help him to be ready sooner rather than later."	“我们会尽快帮助他做好准备。”
As well as Matic, fellow new signings Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started the game at the Aviva Stadium as Mourinho started to shape his starting XI for the start of the season.	穆里尼奥在本赛季开始时开始安排他的首发阵容。与马蒂奇一样，新签约球员维克多·林德洛夫和罗梅卢·卢卡库也开始了在英杰华体育场的比赛。
The Independent revealed this week that Mourinho still wanted another three signings but he insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of delivering three of his four priority signings.	独立报本周报道，穆里尼奥仍然希望再引进三位签约球员，但他坚持认为俱乐部“工作出色”，他心中有四位首选签约球员，俱乐部已经引进了其中三位。
"To get three out of four I thank the club for that," he added.	“俱乐部引进了其中三位签约球员，我十分感谢。”他补充说道。
"I will be happier if they get me four of four but they did a great effort for me."	“如果俱乐部能够引进全部四位球员，我会更开心，但他们已经为我做出了很大的努力。”
The global spree of frigates building If China does not build this type of warships, will it fall behind?	全球在掀护卫舰高潮 中国如果不建这型军舰是否会落后？
With the recent announcement of the construction of new types of frigates by major naval powers in the world, it seems that frigates have become the focus of attention of the major naval powers overnight. First, Japan has decided to purchase two new frigates in the 2018 annual defense budget, finally making a substantial breakthrough for its DEX frigates program. Later, Lockheed Martin of USA recently published the latest arrangement for the United States FFG frigates program. How about China's plan for building new type of frigates?	随着近期世界各大海军强国先后公布了新型护卫舰的建造计划，仿佛一夜之间护卫舰有成了各大强国海军关注的焦点，先是日本在2018年度防卫预算中确定采购两艘新型护卫舰，使得日本DEX护卫舰计划终于有了实质性的突破，后是美国洛克希德马丁于近期公布了美国FFG护卫舰计划的最新方案，那么中国的新型护卫舰该何去何从呢？
With the launching of the latest model of 054A frigate at the end of 2017, the number of 054A frigate has reached 29, approaching the sum of the 053H series frigates. Since the first 054A was launched in 2006, the history of building 054A has extended to 12 years. Building such a large number of high-performance general purpose frigates is very rare in the history. Apart from China, the only comparable accomplishment was made by the United States in the 1970s and 1980s when it built a host of 'Perry' class frigates.	随着2017年末一艘最新的054A型护卫舰的下水，标志着054A护卫舰已经建造了高达29艘之多，已经逼近了053H系列护卫舰的总和，而从2006年第一艘054A下水至今，054A的建造历程已经有了12年之久，即使在全世界范围内，建造如此数量之多的高性能通用护卫舰，除了中国，也只有美国在上个世纪7、80年代建造的“佩里”级护卫舰可以相提并论了。
And the reason why it is necessary to build so many 054A frigates is simple, that is, it is affordable, easy to operate, and doing so can make up for the deficiency of Chinese Navel that has beset the Naval for many years.	而为何要建造这么多054A的原因也很简单，那就是实惠、好用、外加补充多年来的海军欠账。
The 054A frigate has been favored by the Chinese Navy for many years thanks to its high cost performance and good combat effectiveness. With a displacement of 4,000 tons, the warship is equipped with a 76-mm main gun, and shared launching system for 32 HQ-16 and Fish-8 anti-submarine missiles, 8 YJ-83 anti-ship missiles and 1 Z-9 helicopter. Although it was first built in 2006 and was designed even earlier, its combat effectiveness is not too bad even by today's standard. It can be ranked as medium- to high level frigate among all the frigates in the world.	054A护卫舰凭借较高的性价比和不错的战斗力多年以来一直得到中国海军的青睐，其4000吨左右的排水量，搭载有一门76毫米主炮，32单元海红旗-16和鱼-8反潜导弹共架发射的垂发系统，8枚鹰击83和一架直-9直升机，虽然是2006年开始建造，设计时间更是很早的一种舰艇，但是其战斗力即使放到当今也不算太差，放眼全世界的护卫舰当中也能达到中上的水平。
However, it is a warship designed at the beginning of the 21st century after all. Armaments aside, its propulsion system and electronic radar system lag significantly behind the current mainstream frigates in the world. Considering that similar frigates in Europe have been equipped with full electric propulsion, small multi-function phased array radars and large helicopter decks, it is time to develop new models.	但是这毕竟是一型21世纪初设计的舰艇，武器配置放在一边，其动力系统和电子雷达设备与目前世界主流护卫舰相比已经存在很大差距，像欧洲的同类型护卫舰已经配备全电力推进、小型多功能相控阵雷达、大尺寸直升机甲板的情况下，也到了发展新型号的时候了。
Then how should China develop its new frigates? This has a direct bearing on its future orientation and the strategic direction of Chinese navy.	那么说中国的新型护卫舰应该如何发展，这与其将来的定位和我们中国海军的战略方针有着直接关系。
The future development of the Chinese Navy will inevitably aim at becoming the blue water navy, roaming in the vastness of the oceans. It should be able to deploy rapidly in areas that are closely related to China’s vital interests and demonstrate the presence of force. If necessary, it will use powerful combat capabilities to ensure that China’s vital interests in the region are not compromised. So, it seems that the new models of frigates will surely be huge ships that can roam the blue water.	中国海军未来的发展必将是彻底成为蓝水海军的，而未来也必将是走向大洋，具备在于中国切身利益息息相关的地区进行快速部署，展示武力存在，必要时能够拥有强大的战斗力来保证中国在该地区的切身利益不被损坏，那么如此看来新型胡伟江必将朝着大型化、远洋化发展。
Let's look at the positioning of the new frigates in the future rank and file of Chinese Navy. The future Chinese Navy should be similar to the US Navy. In addition to the necessary offshore defense ships, the other main ships will form an aircraft carrier battle group or amphibious attack group as the situation requires.	再看看新型护卫舰在未来中国海军序列里的定位问题，未来的中国海军应该会和美国海军类似，除去必备的近海防御舰艇以外，其他主力舰艇将会根据情况需要组成航母战斗群或者两栖攻击舰打击群。
The new frigates in the future aircraft carrier battle group should play the primary role in anti-submarine and short-range air defense operations. In the amphibious attack group, they should provide protection to ships. According to these requirements, the new frigates must have strong anti-submarine capability and good mid-range air defense capability.	而新型护卫舰的角色在未来航母战斗群里应该会充当反潜主力和中近区域放空的定位，在两栖攻击舰打击群里应该会充当护卫舰艇类，那么根据这样的需求就要求新型护卫舰必须具备强大的反潜能力和不错的中程区域放空能力。
Based on the above positioning, we can boldly imagine the rough appearance of the new frigates in the future.	基于上述的定位，可以大胆的设想出未来国产护卫舰的大概模样。
First, the displacement will be increased significantly compared to the current 054A model. It is estimated that the displacement of the new frigate will reach about 5000-6000 tons. The ship will be equipped with a comprehensive electric propulsion system that combines a QC280 modified gas turbine and two diesel engines, improving the maximum speed to around 30 knots and significantly increase the cruise range. As for the weaponry, the 76mm main gun and 1130 near-range anti-aircraft gun will be retained, but a HQ-10 launch system will be added. A shared vertical launching system for 32-48 unit HQ-16 modified missile and Fish-8 missiles will be furnished at the back of the main gun. A large 8-16-unit vertical launching system should be furnished at the middle-to-rear section of the hull for the launch of YJ-18 and new cruise missiles. Hangars and parking platforms will also be expanded for the parking and storage of two 10-ton helicopters. As for the electronic radar systems, the high grade model will be equipped with a small four-sided fixed phase-control array radar developed based on 346A. the low grade model will be furnished with multi-function rotating phased array radar similar to the ones on European frigates.	首先来说排水量相对于现在的054A型护卫舰将有一个大幅度的增加，估计新型护卫舰的排水量会达到5000-6000吨左右;动力系统将会采用有一台QC280改进型燃气轮机和两台柴油机组成的综合电力推进系统，最高航速有望达到30节左右，续航力也会大幅度增加;至于武器配置76毫米主炮和1130近防炮应该会保留，但是会增加一座红旗10发射系统，主炮后面应该会有一个32-48单元红旗16改进型和鱼-8共架的垂发系统，在舰体中后方应该会加装一个8-16单元的大型垂发系统用于发射鹰击18和新型巡航导弹;机库和停机平台也会增大，达到两架10吨级直升机的停放和存放;至于电子雷达系统方面，高配的话应该会装备基于346A发展的小型四面固定相控阵雷达，低配的话可以使用类似于欧洲护卫舰上的多功能旋转相控阵雷达。
Thus, the overall level of the new frigates will edge into the world's top bracket, even comparable to the FFG frigates of the USA.	这样一来新型护卫舰的总体水平将会达到目前世界上的一流水准，即使是同美国的FFG相比也不逞多让。
Of course, these are only the author's conjecture on domestically produced new frigates. Only when the new frigates are launched into the water can we know the truth. Let's anticipate the day.	当然上述的概念只是笔者对于国产新型护卫舰的猜想，具体如何我们只能等到新型护卫舰下水的时候才能一探究竟，让我们共同期待吧。
(Makalov)	（马卡洛夫）
(Compiled by / Feng Xue)	（编译/冯雪）
In recent years, our city has encouraged enterprises to actively participate in the construction of national or industry standards as well as regional group standards. An award of RMB300,000 will be given to enterprises that are principals or that participate in formulating standards for the Made in Zhejiang team, and RMB500,000 awarded to enterprises that have passed the Made in Zhejiang brand certification. This is the most generous award given out in the Province, and has incentivized enterprises to benchmark themselves against the standards.	近年来，我市鼓励企业积极参与国家、行业标准和区域团体标准的建设，对为主或者参与制定浙江制造团体标准的企业给予30万元奖励，对通过浙江制造品牌认证的企业奖励50万元，是全省该项奖励的最高额度，激发了企业参与对标的热情。
Recently, at the production workshop of Wonly Group, Gao Jian, head of the Group’s companies, and its staff were working together to pack and send a burglar-proof door to Shaoxing Quality Inspection Center as a sample for the Made in Zhejiang team’s benchmarking and standard achievement work.	日前，王力集团生产车间，该集团体系负责人高健与员工一起正将一樘防盗安全门封箱打包，作为参与浙江制造团体标准对标达标工作样品，准备送往绍兴质量检测中心。
Just a couple of days ago, Wonly had passed the on-site inspection of the “Made in Zhejiang” certification expert team.	就在前两天，王力已通过了“浙江制造”认证专家组的现场审核。
Gao Jian said that the professional team made up of industry technical experts and the quality certification organization commended the Group’s performance in terms of quality excellence, proprietary innovation and other core aspects, and unanimously believed that the Group had achieved the standards in all respects. If Wonly’s product were to pass the subsequent inspection, it will become one of the first enterprises to have achieved and passed these standards.	高健表示，由行业技术专家和质量认证组织组成的专业团队对该集团在品质卓越、自主创新等核心方面的成绩表示赞誉，一致认为完全合标，接下来只要产品通过检验，王力将成为首批通过该标准的企业之一。
Wonly Group is but an epitome of standards driving industry toward structural transformation.	王力集团只是标准撬动产业转型升级的一个缩影。
Buyang Group and Qunsheng Group are also enterprises in the city that are carrying out the Made in Zhejiang team’s benchmarking and and standard achievement work.	我市与其同步开展浙江制造团体标准对标和达标工作的还有步阳、群升集团。
Since our City formulated the Made in Zhejiang standards for the burglar-proof doors industry last year, Xinyue, Simto and other enterprises have also actively applied to undergo benchmarking.	自去年由我市防盗安全门行业制定的浙江制造团队标准制定以来，星月、新多等企业也在积极申请对接对标工作。
In recent years, a flood of capital has flowed into the film and TV market, and the profile and remuneration of actors have risen rapidly. Producer He Jing once revealed that two actors of a certain hit drama which was being filmed were earning salaries of close to RMB100 million. In the end, they only acted for two days; their doubles took care of the rest of the film.	近些年大量资本涌入影视市场，明星演员的知名度与片酬水涨船高。制片人何静曾爆料称，某部热拍剧中的两位演员拿着近亿元的片酬，最后竟然只一起搭了两天的戏，其他戏份基本全由替身代劳。
In the present situation where actors taking on roles in several dramas simultaneously is popular, lead actors and actresses would be at different sets at the same time. This has meant that they would not be able to appear at the same set at the same time. As such, film crews have been forced to use doubles to ensure the film schedule.	在演员四处串戏成风的当下，同一时间女男主演在不同剧组，造成同一时间不能同时出现在片场，剧组被迫用替身来保证周期。
It is learned that Morris will head for hospital to accept acupunture therapy after arriving at Beijing from Chengdu, so as to prevent the injury from continuous deterioration.	据了解，在从成都客场回到北京后，莫里斯继续前往医院进行了针灸治疗，以保证伤情不会继续恶化。
In a statement released earlier this week, Samsung stated that 93% of the Note 7 smartphones in the US have been recalled.	三星在本周早些时候发布的一份声明中说，在美国市场，93%的已售Note7智能手机已被召回。
Finally, Li Yanhong also said that China does not lack good stories, but does not have “IPs with ecological effect that can transcend cultures” like Harry Porter, and this “ecological thinking” is precisely an area we should learn from Hollywood.	最后，李彦宏还称，中国不缺好故事，但没有像哈利波特那样“能跨越文化，具备生态效应的IP”，而这种“生态思维”正是我们该向好莱坞学习的地方。
China's household debt ratio is close to the United States. Is being unable to repay loan more frightening than being unable to afford a home?	中国家庭债务率接近美国 比买不起房更可怕的是还不起债？
Recently, everyone has been talking about the recent changes in real estate policies. Is it true that real estate policies have been loosened? Is the diversification of land supply going to bring down the housing prices?	最近一段时间，大家都在讨论房地产政策最近有什么变化，是不是房地产政策又要松绑了？土地政策供给主体多元化，会不会让房价出现下降呢？
However, just when we were worried about real estate prices, macroeconomic controls and the future trend of the real estate market, the People's Daily published an important commentary once again. Last time we discussed how People’s Daily had set the tone for the regulation of real estate market through a commentary. This time, the commentary of People's Daily deals with a topic that is more serious than the affordability of housing: can you repay the loan even if you can afford the down payment of a mortgage?	但是，在我们担心房地产价格，担心宏观经济调控，担心房地产市场未来走势的时候，《人民日报》再次撰文了，上次我们专门论述了《人民日报》评论对于房地产调控的定调，而现在《人民日报》撰文论述的却是一个比买不买得起房更为严重的话题，这就是即使你买得起房，还得起债吗？
Today, let's discuss the question more serious than buying a house: repay the loan.	今天，我们就来聊聊比买房更为严峻的问题：还贷。
I. China's growing housing debt crisis	一、中国日益严重的房债危机
The People's Daily Overseas Edition published a commentary titled “Awards and Loans: The Joy and Worries of Struggling Young People” on January 17th. The article cited some data from an report on the progress of nationwide financial deleveraging in the 3rth quarter jointly published by the National Laboratory of Finance and Development of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and the National Balance Sheet Research Center in November 2017. According to the report, the leverage ratio of the residents' sector continues to climb, rising from 47.4% in the second quarter of 2017 to 48.6% in the third quarter, an increase of 1.3%, which amounts to an increase of 3.8% in the first three quarters of 2017.	《人民日报》海外版于1月17日发表了评论文章《奖与贷︰奋斗青年的乐与忧》，根据文中的数据显示，2017年11月，中国社科院国家金融与发展实验室、国家资产负债表研究中心发布的《三季度中国去杠杆进程报告》指出，居民部门杠杆率依然延续上升趋势，从2017年二季度的47.4%上升到三季度的48.6%，上升了1.3个百分点，2017年前三个季度上升了3.8个百分点。
The residents sector accounts for an increasing share of the total debt in the real economy, and the leverage ratio has risen rapidly.	居民部门在全部实体经济中的债务占比加大，杠杆率上升速度较快。
Relevant studies have shown that Chinese households' debts in financial institutions are dominated by consumer loans, which account for about two-thirds of residents' debts, which is about twice that of business loans.	有关研究表明，中国家庭在金融机构的负债以消费性贷款为主，约占居民负债的2/3，大约是经营性贷款的2倍。
Among the consumer loans, medium- and long-term loans dominated by housing loans accounted for about 80%, but short-term consumer loans grow faster than medium- and long-term loans.	其中，在消费性贷款中，以住房贷款为主的中长期贷款占八成左右，但从增量看，短期消费贷款增长速度较快，高于中长期贷款。
Moreover, the household debt ratio figure obtained in the study is only reflects the total amount of credit that the household sector obtains from financial institutions. In fact, many Chinese households borrow money from private sources including relatives and friends, creating a large amount invisible loans.	除此之外，中国家庭债务率只是统计了家庭部门从金融机构获取的信贷总额，而中国家庭还有不少包括向亲戚朋友借钱在内的民间借贷，存在大规模隐性债务。
Seeing such data, one cannot help but be stupefied. According to the statistical data of Suning Financial Research Institute, the leverage ratio of Chinese households was only 3% in 1996 and 18% in 2008. But this figure doubled in just six years since the trend of rapid growth of leverage ratio set in, reaching 36.4%. By the third quarter of 2017, the leverage ratio of households has reached 48.6%.	看到这样的数据，让人不禁有些瞠目结舌，根据苏宁金融研究院的统计数据显示，1996年中国居民杠杆率只有3%，2008年也仅为18%，但是自2008年以来居民杠杆率开始呈现迅速增长态势，短短六年间翻了一倍，达到36.4%。到了2017年三季度居民杠杆率已经高达48.6%。
Let's make another comparison. In May last year, HSBC issued an investigation report involving 10,000 respondents in 9 countries.	我们再对比一个数据，去年五月份，汇丰银行发布了一项横跨9国、受访者接近上万人的调查报告。
The investigation was targeted at young people in the millennial generation (born between 1980 and 2000) in nine countries.	这项报告的访问对象为9个国家的“千禧一代”年轻人（出生在1980年至2000年间）。
The report pointed out that China's young people who were born in 1980s and 1990s have a home ownership rate of 70%, far ahead of Mexico at the second place (46%), and twice the US level (35%).	报告指出，中国的80、90后年轻人住房拥有率高达70%，遥遥领先第二名墨西哥（46%），也是美国该项指标（35%）的2倍水平。
These figures reveals that compared to the problem of being unable to afford homes, the biggest risk of 'Grey Rhinoceros' for Chinese residents at present is likely to be being unable to repay debt.	这些数据告诉我们一个极有可能出现的问题，那就是相比于买不起房而言，中国居民现阶段最大的潜在“灰犀牛”估计会是还不起债了。
2. Why is the housing debt crisis the most serious problem?	二、房债危机为什么才是最为严重的问题？
As we have analyzed previously, although we have been saying that China’s housing prices are relatively high, China’s housing ownership rate is actually quite high compared to other countries in the world. So the urgent question facing a lot of friends is whether you can replay the loan rather than the question of whether you can afford a home.	正如我们之前的分析，虽然我们一直在说中国房价较高，但是相比于世界上其他的国家而言，中国的住房拥有率其实是相当高的，那么与其说房价高买不起房，恐怕现在要问很多朋友的问题是你还得起贷款吗？
A quick review of the real estate market in the world leads to the conclusion that China’s real estate market hasn't experience major crisis except for the localized crisis in Hainan Province as we mentioned before. This is because commercialization of property is a relatively recent phenomenon in China. However, it's alarming to note that the real estate crisis in the United States triggered a global financial tsunami in 2008, just a decade ago.	我们纵观全世界的房地产市场，中国的房地产市场由于起步较晚，除了我们之前说的海南之外，尚未出现过大的房地产危机，但是就在十年前的2008年全世界金融海啸的起源就是美国的房地产危机。
The blame for the real estate crisis in the United States falls on two financial institutions: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.	而美国房地产危机出现的原因则被归咎于两房：房利美和房地美。
In the so called 'golden age' of the United States, real estate companies sold their houses with very low down payments to the low-income people in order to expand sales. When the US economy was prosperous, the real estate market was also thriving. However, it did not last long. The stagnation of growth in the U.S. economy caused the income of home buyers to fall, which in turn caused the consumption expenditures of a large number of households began to decline.	当时在美国的黄金时代，房地产公司为了扩大销售将房子以极低的首付卖给了当时美国的低收入人群，在美国经济向好的时候，房地产市场也是一片欣欣向荣，然而好景不长，随着美国经济出现了增长的停滞，引起了购房者的收入下降，于是大量的家庭消费支出开始下降。
Most U.S. families had both financial assets and real estate assets. At that time, almost all household assets of the low-income families were real estates, while the majority assets of the top 20% high-income families were financial assets. As a result, poorer people in the United States have higher debt ratio.	但是，当时美国的现状是美国家庭资产的组成部分金融资产和房地产资产，美国的低收入群体几乎所有的家庭资产全部是房地产，而前20%的高收入群体中大部分资产却是金融资产，于是就造成了在美国越是贫穷的人家房地产的负债率就越高。
A grave reality is that these people bought their houses when the economy was prosperous, so the money to pay the mortgage is also calculated based on their better income. When the income declined, the pressure on the mortgage increased as a result of floating nature of some subprime mortgage plans. Thus, the real estate problems of these American families gradually evolved into a real estate crises.	一个严重的事实是这些人都是在经济较好的时候买的房子，所以支付房贷的钱也是以他们较好的收入来计算的，当收入出现了下滑的时候，房贷的压力不仅没有减少甚至因为一些次贷计划变得浮动增加，于是此消彼长之下这些美国家庭的房地产问题就这么逐步演变成为了房地产的危机。
Some people cannot afford to pay their mortgages because their incomes were too low. The banks began to take over the houses from the home buyers who had defaulted on the loan, and then sold them at very low prices, resulting in a step-by-step price fall in the area. This vicious cycle caused a further decline in housing prices. When the housing prices had fallen to a certain extent, more and more home buyers found that their house values became lower than their loans. Thus, more and more people stopped repaying their home mortgages, resulting in a large number of bad debts.	从而有人因为收入过低支付不起房贷，于是银行就开始收回房产，当银行从拖欠贷款的购房者手中收回房产之后，他们会以极低的价格售出，从而导致了该地区的房价一步步下滑，这个过程又引发了房价进一步的下滑，形成了一个恶性循环，当房价下跌到一定的程度之后，越来越多的购房者发现自己的房子价值甚至已经比自己的贷款还低了，于是就有了更多的人停止继续还房贷，又造成了更多的坏账。
In this way, a huge vicious circle formed:	于是，一个巨大的恶性循环就此形成：
“Economy downturn – incomes fall – some people can’t repay mortgages – banks sell defaulted houses at low prices – house prices fall – more people stop paying home mortgages – banks sell houses again – prices fall again ..."	“经济不景气——收入下滑——一部分人还不起房贷——银行低价出售欠账人的房子——房价下跌——更多的人停止还房贷——银行又出售——房价又下跌……”
The problem did not stop there. As house prices continue to fall, a new situation emerged: The money the bank got after auctioning the defaulted house was less than the loan the home buyer owed the bank, the home buyer still need to repay the loan. So stopping repayment does not necessarily mean that you are cleaned of the debt. For example, if you paid a down payment of $600,000 and borrowed $2.4 million to buy a house worth $3 million at the time. When the house price falls to $2 million, you stop to repay the loan and give the house to the bank. After the bank auctions the house, you will not only lost your down payment of $600,000, but also owed $400,000 debts to the bank. You still have to repay the debt.	而问题不止如此，因为房价的持续下跌，大家停止还贷把房子给银行之后并不是你就没有债务了，如果银行拍卖房子得到的钱还还不上你欠银行的贷款的话，那么你还是需要接着还钱，简单点说假设你用首付60万，贷款240万买了一套当时价值300万的房子，当房价下跌到这个房子只值200万的时候，你不再还贷把房子给了银行，银行拍卖房子之后，你不仅损失了自己的首付60万，还倒欠银行40万的债务，你还是要接着还钱。
Thus, with the effect of such vicious cycle one after another, the U.S. economy gradually collapsed and eventually triggered the U.S. financial crisis in 2008.	于是，就在这样一个接一个的恶性循环下，美国的经济逐渐陷于崩溃，最终引发了美国2008年的金融危机。
Therefore, the fact that China’s household debt ratio has reached a high level of 46.8% is a problem that requires great vigilance. Although this figure is still lower than that of developed countries at present, the signs of the problem have already begun to emerge. The central government started to stress the issue of deleveraging repeatedly in the last year, which is a very prescient judgment. If the household debt ratio is allowed to continue to climb, it will inevitably lead to a huge crisis. Therefore, we must strictly guard against the hidden financial risks.	所以，现阶段中国家庭债务率的水平达到了46.8%的高位是一件非常需要警惕的问题，这个数据在目前来看还是低于发达国家水平，但是问题的苗头已经开始出现，国家从去年开始就反复强调去杠杆问题，这是一件非常有先见之明的判断，家庭债务率如果放任其继续攀升的话，必然会引发巨大的风险，所以要严防金融风险的出现。
It's no wonder that the central government has set the tone for the real estate market: Houses are for living, not for speculation. The government are taking multiple measures to resolve potential risks, including increasing land and housing supply and encouraging house renting.	于是有了之后房子是用来住的、不是用来炒的定位，国家更加快建立多主体供给、多渠道保障、租购并举等多重措施，进一步化解潜在风险。
For our individual families, we must abandon the mindset of speculating on real estate and make purchase according to our own financial capacities. In this way, we can prevent our families from falling under huge financial burden. A reasonable assessment of one's own income and debt levels is essential for healthy growth of family wealth.	对于我们个人家庭来说，一定要放弃房地产投机思维，买房的时候量力而行，避免自己家庭陷入巨大的负担之中，只有合理的评估自己的收入和负债水平才是一个健康的家庭财富发展道路。
Author: researcher of Suning Institute of Finance, financial columnist, financial commentator.	作者：苏宁金融研究院特约研究员，财经专栏作家，财经评论员。
The first WeChat public number: jianghanview	首发微信公众号：江瀚视野观察（jianghanview）
This one also gave me a better sense of all the internal technology Facebook engineers get to use, as well as a thorough overview of home automation.	这也让我对Facebook工程师需要使用的所有内部技术有了更好的了解，也可以更全面地认识家庭自动化。
Wang Jianlin, Wanda’s chairman, was struggling with the competition and busy with it both online and offline. He even attended two news conferences of “China Cup" in person, but it turned out to be a one-sided enthusiasm.	万达董事长王健林辛辛苦苦攒了这个比赛，线上线下都在不停地忙活，甚至亲自出席了两场“中国杯”发布会，结果变成了剃头挑子一头热。
Many online shoppers found the words “Affected by haze” in their express delivery logistics status today.	今天不少网购消费者发现在自己快递物流状态中，出现了“雾霾影响”的字眼。
The impact of haze is a reason for delays in express deliveries. Traffic restrictions are implemented in many locations, resulting in inadequate delivery capacity.	快递延误原因之一在于，受雾霾天气影响，多地实行交通管制，运力不足。
British inventor microchips himself to get into house and car with a wave of hand	英国发明家在自己体内植入芯片，挥手即可进屋进车
A British inventor has become the first in the country to be fitted with a microchip so he can open his front door, access his office and even start his car with just a wave of his hand.	一英国发明家为自己安装芯片，只需挥一挥手即可打开他家前门、进入办公室甚至将车启动，成为全国第一人。
Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and finger and is now offering the service to businesses and individuals who want to simplify their life with technology through his company BioTeq.	33 岁的史蒂文·诺瑟姆在他的拇指和食指间植入一块小小的芯片，且现在正为想要简化自己生活的公司和个人提供此项服务，该服务由他的公司 BioTeq 通过技术来实现。
He has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthetist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure the implant procedure is carried out to a medical standard.	他已和汉普郡温彻斯特皇家汉普郡医院的高级顾问麻醉师杰夫?沃森医生联手，确保植入过程达到医学标准。
The technology is similar to a microchip implanted for cats and dogs, and takes just 30 seconds.	该技术与猫狗芯片植入类似，且只需 30 秒。
Mr Northam's company will also alter locks on houses and cars so they are compatible with the chip, for a cost of £300 each lock.	诺瑟姆先生的公司也会更换各房间和车辆的锁，以与该芯片兼容，每把锁花费 300 英镑。
The married father of one now has technology fitted to both his home and his BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is on the wheel.	这位拥有一个孩子的已婚父亲现在已为他家和他的 BMW Z4 都安装了该技术，他只要把手放在方向盘上即可将车启动。
Hu Angang had mixed feelings about this Central Financial and Economic Work Conference. The content of this conference not only focused on national development, but will also have an impact on one’s personal life.	谈起这次中央财经工作会议胡鞍钢感触良多，这次会议内容既关注国家发展，也影响个人生活。
On July 10, the National Bureau of Statistics released the June 2016 Consumer Price Index (CPI) and Producer Price Index (PPI).	7月10日，国家统计局发布了2016年6月份全国居民消费价格指数（CPI）和工业生产者出厂价格指数（PPI）。
White House Prop Cost Taxpayers Thousands	白宫道具耗资数千
The White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month cost taxpayers as much as $24,000, according to military records released to TIME.	根据《时代》杂志发布的军事记录记载，上个月白宫决定运送一架海军陆战队直升机至南草坪用于彰显美国制造业的巨大荣耀，耗资高达 24,000 美元。
The green-and-white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is aboard, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House showcasing American construction programs.	绿白相间的 Sikorsky VH-3D（总统乘坐时也称海军陆战队一号）是白宫 7 月 17 日凸显美国建造项目活动上的重要展品。
President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured manufacturing products from all 50 states.	总统唐纳德·特朗普、副总统迈克·彭斯和众白宫高级官员巡视了来自全部 50 个州的制造产品。
The Connecticut-made helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin, and a forklift from Mississippi.	展品有康涅狄格州制造的直升机、一艘缅因州的游艇、一辆威斯康辛州的消防车和一台密西西比州的叉车。
The White House Military Office requested the helicopter's presence in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on the South Lawn for the "unusual" event, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for operating the helicopter.	根据负责操作该直升机的部队海军陆战队直升机第一飞行队 (HMX-1) 的记录，白宫军事办公室要求该直升机按日常命令 (FRAGO) 现身，即在该直升机降落在南草坪参加此次“特别”活动前仅 36 小时。
"I just wanted you to make sure you were aware because it's such an unusual high visibility event," the commander of HMX-1 emailed his superior, the Marine Deputy Commandant for Aviation, the day before the event.	活动前一天，HMX-1 指挥官在向上级海军陆战队飞行副司令发送的电子邮件中表示“我只想确认您知晓，因为这此次活动受到高度重视。”
The message indicated the helicopter would arrive on the South Lawn at approximately 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and remain until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening.	该信息表明该直升机将于 7 月 17 日大约上午 7 点抵达南草坪参加下午 3 点的活动，在当天晚上 6 点至 9 点草坪清空后才离开。
The note adds that should the departure from the White House be delayed, a second aircrew would be needed for the return flight due to duty-hour restrictions.	该信息还表示万一从白宫出发的时间推迟，回航则因为值班时间限制需要第二组机组人员。
The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while unit security personnel remained with the aircraft while it was the ground.	原机组人员在活动期间在直升机边待命，而保安部队人员在飞机位于地面时在附近待命。
It was not clear from records provided to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.	《时代》杂志得到的记录中并未清楚指出最终是否需要第二组机组人员。
The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.	《哈奇法案》禁止联邦雇员出于政治目的使用政府财产。
Records indicate that HMX-1 inquired about whether the event might violate the provision.	记录指出 HMX-1 曾询问此次活动是否违反了该法案。
"One question we asked was if it was a violation of the Hatch Act and were informed it was not," the commander wrote.	该指挥官写道“我们问的一个问题是这是否违反了《哈奇法案》，并被告知没有违反。”
"Sounds like you are locked," the Deputy Commandant replied.	“听起来你被锁住了啊，”副司令回复道。
The "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House, and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.	白宫将此次“美国制造”活动定义为官方活动，因此不受《哈奇法案》管辖。
But even official events have political overtones.	但是即使是官方活动也带有政治色彩。
At the event, the President made a push for healthcare reform efforts then underway in the Senate and touted efforts to rein in government regulations.	活动中，总统推行当时参议院的议题：医疗改革，并大肆吹捧对政府法规的管控。
Using the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.	将海军陆战队一号或空军一号飞机用于政治宣传目的已经不是什么新鲜事。
Presidents are required to use them for travel.	历届总统都被要求出行需乘坐这些飞机。
But requisitioning their use solely for a photo-op is unusual.	但是仅为拍照目的将其征用并不常见。
Trump drew scrutiny in February when the presidential airplane taxied to the backdrop of his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., and his Twitter account is flush with messages complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential aircraft.	二月份特朗普就受到关注，当时是在佛罗里达州墨尔本，总统专机慢慢滑行，最终停到了他第一次竞选集会的背景布处，而他的推特账户充斥着对前任总统使用总统专机的抱怨信息。
"The White House is thrilled with the 'Made In America' showcase that featured products from all 50 states that are made by American workers with American materials," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.	白宫副新闻发言人林赛·沃尔特斯称“白宫因此次‘美国制造’展览而激动不已，此次展览展示了来自全部 50 个州的产品，这些产品均由美国工人使用美国材料制造。”
HMX-1 crews frequently perform training flights around the Washington area and at the South Lawn to practice depositing the President of the United States at the White House with inches of precision.	HMX-1 机组人员经常在华盛顿地区附近和南草坪进行飞行训练，练习将美国总统准确安置在白宫。
When Trump was at the G-20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 conducted 58 practice landings at the White House.	7 月初特朗普在德国参加 G-20 峰会期间，HMX-1 在白宫练习了 58 次着陆。
The flight for the Made in America event counted toward the aircrew's training requirement for the month, an official said.	一位官员称，此次美国制造活动飞行计入本月机组人员训练要求中。
Unit helicopters also flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."	直升机部队当天也额外飞行了 11 个小时的“非总统支援任务”。
The White House said taxpayers did not pick up the burden for any of the other props featured at the event.	白宫方面称纳税人并没有承担此次活动中任何其他道具的费用。
A spokesperson for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in arranging for the helicopter to be displayed on the South Lawn.	Sikorsky 发言人称该公司并未参与安排南草坪直升机展示。
HMX-1 doesn't maintain budgetary records for presidential flights, and determining the precise cost incurred by the event is difficult.	HMX-1 并没有保留总统飞行的预算记录，因此要确定此次活动产生的准确费用非常困难。
But according to Department of Defense hourly rates for fiscal year 2017, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $24,380 per flight hour.	但是根据国防部 2017 财政年度的小时费用记载，VH-3D 的国防部可报销费用为每飞行小时 24,380 美元。
Unit records record the aircraft flight time as 30 minutes each way from its home base at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico in Virginia.	部队记录记录了飞机每次从弗吉尼亚州匡提科海军陆战队机场的基地飞行的时间为 30 分钟。
The White House argues the true cost of operating the helicopter is well below that rate.	白宫方面称操作该直升机的成本远低于该费用。
"To place a cost to taxpayers based on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," Walters said.	沃尔特斯称“基于可报销费来估计纳税人所出的费用非常有误导性。
"These rate estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other sunk costs that are included in annual appropriations."	这些估计的费用包括人员费用、维护费和其他很多包括在年度拨款中的沉没成本。
According to a 2015 RAND study, DoD reimbursement rates do not include the cost of personnel, but do account for fuel, maintenance, and contracting costs.	一份 2015 年的 RAND 研究显示，国防部可报销费用并不包括人员费用，但确实包括油费、维护费和订约成本。
At the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.	当时，前白宫新闻发言人肖恩·斯派克为此次活动使用该直升机辩护，
"The idea is to showcase this week things that are made in America," Spicer said.	并称“想法是在本周展示美国制造的东西，
"And I know Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, that there are, I assume, hundreds if not thousands of people whose job depends on that.	而且我知道 Sikorsky 公司和康涅狄格州都为此感到自豪，他们都为我们的国家安全贡献了一份力量，我猜测就算没有数千也有数百人的工作要依赖于此。
And I think, like most Americans, we're all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans worked tirelessly to do.	而且我觉得像大部分美国人一样，我们都为这架直升机和其他军事设备感到自豪，这是无数美国人不辞辛劳作出的成果。
So, of course, it's appropriate to highlight that."	所以彰显这一点当然并没有不合时宜。”
It wasn't clear whether Trump interacted with the helicopter as he toured the South Lawn for the event, but he did step into the driver's seat of a fire truck.	我们并不清楚特朗普在活动中游览南草坪时是否与该直升机互动，但他确实坐上了消防车的驾驶座。
Inside the White House, Trump addressed Sikorsky representatives, joking with the media about his own fleet of company products.	在白宫内，特朗普向 Sikorsky 公司代表发表讲话，拿他自己拥有的该公司飞机跟媒体开玩笑。
"I know Sikorsky very well," the President said, "I have three of them."	他说“我很了解 Sikorsky 飞机。我有三架。”
Brilliant Metaphors of Xi Jinping about Comprehensively Strengthening Party Discipline	习近平关于全面从严治党的妙喻
During the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech on January 11, emphasizing that “we should keep marching ahead on the road of adhering to the principle of comprehensively strengthening party discipline and creating a new situation for comprehensively strengthening party discipline”.	1月11日，在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上，习近平总书记发表重要讲话，强调“以永远在路上的执着把全面从严治党引向深入，开创全面从严治党新局面”。
With respect to comprehensively strengthening party discipline, General Secretary Xi Jinping has given many vivid and impressive metaphors, so let’s review them together!	关于全面从严治党，习近平总书记有过很多形象的比喻，一同回顾！
We should fight against “tigers” (high-ranking corrupt officials) immediately after we find evidence, and we should also deal with those “flies” (low-ranking corrupt officials) at the same time. We should spread the principle of comprehensively strengthening party discipline to grass-roots party organizations and make every effort to deal with those corruption problems in daily life of the general public.	“老虎”要露头就打，“苍蝇”乱飞也要拍。要推动全面从严治党向基层延伸，严厉整治发生在群众身边的腐败问题。
-- On January 11, 2018, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech during the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China	——2018年1月11日，习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上发表重要讲话
Officials responsible for discipline inspection and supervision at all levels should be loyal and determined, responsible, discipline and law-abiding, honest and upright in order to ensure that the power granted by the Party and the people will not be abused, and the sharp sword used for praising virtue and punishing vice will never be covered by dust.	广大纪检监察干部要做到忠诚坚定、担当尽责、遵纪守法、清正廉洁，确保党和人民赋予的权力不被滥用、惩恶扬善的利剑永不蒙尘。
-- On January 11, 2018, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech during the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China	——2018年1月11日，习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上发表重要讲话
It is impossible to ensure implementation of policies by taking showy and impractical actions and shouting slogans. Without practical actions, we can’t ensure proper implementation of policies only by holding meetings and issuing documents. We must do our works in a practical manner.	抓落实来不得花拳绣腿，光喊口号、不行动不行，单单开会、发文件不够，必须落到实处。
-- During December 25 and 26, 2017, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the meeting of democratic life held by Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC	——2017年12月25日至26日，习近平在中央政治局召开的民主生活会上发表重要讲话
Our comrades from the Political Bureau should learn about history and be reasonable and must not confuse public and private interests, call white black, blur the boundary between righteousness and benefits or handle issues based on nepotism. You should erect a “wind vane” by taking the lead in adhering to honesty and self-discipline and help establish a work style for the party characterized by honesty and integrity.	中央政治局的同志都应该明史知理，不能颠倒了公私、混淆了是非、模糊了义利、放纵了亲情，要带头树好廉洁自律的“风向标”，推动形成清正廉洁的党风。
-- During December 25 and 26, 2017, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the meeting of democratic life held by Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC	——2017年12月25日至26日，习近平在中央政治局召开的民主生活会上发表重要讲话
A person of virtue will attract a group of persons of virtue, so all people will emulate those better than themselves and the action will become a common practice. Personnel appointment serves as the “wind vane”, which will determine the work style of cadres and even the work style of the Party.	用一贤人则群贤毕至，见贤思齐就蔚然成风。选什么人就是风向标，就有什么样的干部作风，乃至就有什么样的党风。
-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the National Organization Working Conference on June 28, 2013	——2013年6月28日，习近平在全国组织工作会议上的讲话
A blacksmith must have necessary skills in order to do his job in a great way. The Party should unite the people and lead them in fighting great battles, pushing forward great causes and realizing great dreams. We should adhere to and improve the Party’s leadership and make the Party become stronger unswervingly.	打铁必须自身硬。党要团结带领人民进行伟大斗争、推进伟大事业、实现伟大梦想，必须毫不动摇坚持和完善党的领导，毫不动摇把党建设得更加坚强有力。
-- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress	——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出
At present, the anti-corruption campaign is still facing a complex and challenging situation, so we must be rock-firm determined to consolidate the overwhelming trend and win an overwhelming victory.	当前，反腐败斗争形势依然严峻复杂，巩固压倒性态势、夺取压倒性胜利的决心必须坚如磐石。
-- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress	——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出
During the anti-corruption campaign, we must adhere to the principles of no forbidden zone, full coverage and zero tolerance and should be determined to “fight against tigers”, “beat flies” and “hunt foxes”. The goal of ensuring that officials dare not become corrupt is primarily achieved. The cage used for preventing corruption is getting increasingly secure, and the dam that can block intention of corruption is being built. An overwhelming trend of the anti-corruption campaign takes shape and is becoming increasingly consolidated and developed.	坚持反腐败无禁区、全覆盖、零容忍，坚定不移“打虎”、“拍蝇”、“猎狐”，不敢腐的目标初步实现，不能腐的笼子越扎越牢，不想腐的堤坝正在构筑，反腐败斗争压倒性态势已经形成并巩固发展。
-- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress	——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出
Leading cadres at all levels should take the lead in implementing the Codes and Rules, hold the “steering wheel” in exercising power and fasten the “safety belt” for ensuring integrity. In addition, they should also make efforts to eliminate vice and exalt virtue, strengthen resistance against corruption and eliminate evil factors, perform their duties in creating an honest and upright political ecology and make their contributions during the process.	各级领导干部要带头执行《准则》、《条例》，把好用权“方向盘”，系好廉洁“安全带”，激浊扬清，扶正祛邪，自觉为营造风清气正的政治生态履职尽责、作出贡献。
-- On March 8, 2017, Xi Jinping emphasized the following during review of the Sichuan Delegation at the 5th session of the 12th National People's Congress	——2017年3月8日，习近平在参加十二届全国人大五次会议四川代表团审议时强调
The anti-corruption campaign of the CPC isn’t a “Snobbish Shop” that treating different people with different attitudes, or a “House of Cards” characterized by fighting for power and benefit, or an “unfinished building” having a beginning but no end.	我们党反腐败不是看人下菜的“势利店”，不是争权夺利的“纸牌屋”，也不是有头无尾的“烂尾楼”。
-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the 6th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China on January 12, 2016	——2016年1月12日，习近平在第十八届中央纪律检查委员会第六次全体会议上的讲话
To achieve the goal of building a moderately well-off society in an all-round way and realize the Chinese Dream of achieving the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, it is key to cultivate and build a cadre team with iron-clad faith, belief, discipline and sense of responsibility.	实现全面建成小康社会奋斗目标、实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦，关键在于培养造就一支具有铁一般信仰、铁一般信念、铁一般纪律、铁一般担当的干部队伍。
-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at National Party School Working Conference on December 11, 2015	——2015年12月11日，习近平在全国党校工作会议上的讲话
We should push forward the anti-corruption campaign in an in-depth manner and make great efforts to uproot “rotten trees”, fix “sick trees” and make “crooked trees” become upright in order to alert, warn and caution leading cadres.	要深入推进反腐败斗争，下大气力拔“烂树”、治“病树”、正“歪树”，使领导干部受到警醒、警示、警戒。
-- On March 6, 2015, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during review of the Jiangxi Delegation at the 3rd session of the 12th National People's Congress	——2015年3月6日，习近平参加十二届全国人大三次会议江西代表团审议时指出
Ideal and belief serve as “calcium” for the spirit of members of the Communist Party, so we must strength ideological and political construction and solve any problem concerning outlook on world, outlook on life and values, which is the “master switch”.	理想信念是共产党人的精神之“钙”，必须加强思想政治建设，解决好世界观、人生观、价值观这个“总开关”问题。
-- On January 20, 2014, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the summing-up meeting for the first batch & the deployment meeting for the second batch of educational and practical activities concerning the mass line of the Party	——2014年1月20日，习近平在党的群众路线教育实践活动第一批总结暨第二批部署会议上发表重要讲话
We should implement organizational discipline in a practical manner and must not tolerate privilege or exception. Party organizations at all levels should dare to maintain discipline in order to make discipline become an actually live high-voltage line.	要切实执行组织纪律，不能搞特殊、有例外，各级党组织要敢抓敢管，使纪律真正成为带电的高压线。
-- On January 14, 2014, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the 3th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China	——2014年1月14日，习近平在十八届中央纪委三次全会上发表重要讲话
Criticism and self-criticism serve as a good medicine and the actual care given to our comrades and ourselves. Performing criticism and self-criticism needs courage and party spirit, and we must not lose our weapon used for defending ourselves and treating diseases.	批评和自我批评是一剂良药，是对同志、对自己的真正爱护。开展批评和自我批评需要勇气和党性，不能把我们防身治病的武器给丢掉了。
-- On September 25, 2013, Xi Jinping emphasized the following at the special meeting of democratic life attended by the leading group of the standing committee under the Party committee of Hebei Province	——2013年9月25日，习近平在指导河北省委常委班子专题民主生活会时强调
We should make efforts to strength restriction and supervision on exercise of power, put power into the cage formed by rules and regulations and establish a punishment mechanism which makes officials dare not to be corrupt, a prevention mechanism which makes officials unable to practice corruption and a safeguard mechanism which makes officials tend to guard against corruption.	要加强对权力运行的制约和监督，把权力关进制度的笼子里，形成不敢腐的惩戒机制、不能腐的防范机制、不易腐的保障机制。
-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the 2th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China on January 22, 2013	——2013年1月22日，习近平在十八届中央纪委第二次全会上的讲话
That night, Patti Smith took to the stage in a white shirt and black suit, and sang Bob Dylan’s “Tempest” in front of a live audience of 1,500 people.	当晚，帕蒂·史密斯以白衬衫黑西装登台，为现场的1500名观众演唱迪伦名曲《暴雨将至》。
It is understood that Chongqing currently owns 18 shale gas exploration rights established by Ministry of Land and Resources as the first domestic shale gas mining rights - the Sinopec Fuling shale gas field.	据悉，重庆市目前拥有国土资源部设立的页岩气探矿权18个和国内首个页岩气采矿权——中国石化涪陵页岩气田。
As for January 2017, a total of 368 shale gas wells (excluding parameter drill-holes) have been drilled in Chongqing, and 261 have commenced production. With recent positive news that the production volume of each of the four shale gas exploratory wells at Sinopec’s Southern Pingqiao block of the Nanchuan District has exceeded 200,000 cubic meters per day, Sinopec’s Fuling shale gas field, which is expected to have a planned capacity of 10 billion cubic meters this year, will become the first commercialized drilling of a large-scale shale gas field outside North America.	截至2017年1月，重庆全市共完钻页岩气井368口(不含参数井)，投产261口，近期，随着中国石化南川区平桥南区域内4口页岩气探井测试日产量均超过20万立方米的好消息传来，全球北美以外首个商业化开采的大型页岩气田中国石化涪陵页岩气田有望按照计划在今年建成100亿立方米产能。
It is understood that a 10 billion cubic meter shale gas field is equivalent to a 10 million tonne oil field.	据了解，100亿立方米的页岩气田相当于一个1000万吨级的大油田。
Shale gas is a clean energy resource. It is understood that the completion of the 10 billion cubic meter shale gas field will help cut 12 million tonnes of CO2 emission annually.	据了解，页岩气作为清洁能源，100亿方页岩气田建成后每年可减排二氧化碳1200万吨。
In a feature phone era, the basic functions of a mobile phone would be making a call, sending short text messages, and simple memos. The difference in the functions among mobile phones is quite small.	在功能手机时代，手机的基本功能就是打电话、发短信、简单的备忘录，各种手机在功能上差距是不大的。
Ever since computers were available, conscientious effort to make machine intelligence gradually transition toward the human brain has become a dream of many scientists.	自打有了计算机以来，努力让机器智能逐渐向人类大脑过渡成为了很多科研人员的一个梦想。
Narcos season 3 trailer: With Pablo Escobar gone, the Cali Cartel take centre stage in Netflix's hit series	《毒枭》第三季预告片：随着巴勃罗·埃斯科瓦尔的离开，卡利集团开始走上 Netflix 热播剧中心舞台
Despite season two of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killer, Netflix's series is far from over.	尽管《毒枭》第二季揭露了杀害巴勃罗·埃斯科瓦尔的凶手，但这部 Netflix 热播剧还远远没有结束。
Season three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the former receiving its first trailer, teasing the show's upcoming villains.	流媒体服务已确认第三季和第四季，第三季已收到首个预告片，片中对这部剧中即将出现的反派角色进行了一番调侃。
With season three, the DEA has turned their attention towards the richest drug trafficking organisation in the world: the Cali Cartel.	第三季中，DEA 将注意力转向世界上最富有的贩毒组织：卡利集团。
Led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" just with more government bribes and violent actions.	卡利集团由四位强大的教父级大佬把持，像“财富 500 强”公司一样运作，只是涉及更多的政府贿赂和暴力行为。
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the cartel's leader, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) being the brains, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) running the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) based in New York.	吉尔伯托·罗德里格斯·欧华拉（达米安·阿尔卡扎饰）是卡利集团的领导人，米格尔·罗德里格斯·欧华拉（弗朗西斯科·丹尼斯饰）是卡利集团的智囊，Pacho Herrera帕乔·赫雷拉（阿尔伯托·阿曼饰）负责运营墨西哥的网络，彻普·圣克鲁斯·伦敦诺（佩佩·拉帕佐特饰）负责纽约的运营。
The newly released trailer sees Pedro Pascal return as Javier Peña, the character enlisting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.	这部新发布的预告片中，佩德罗·帕斯卡以哈维尔·佩纳这一角色重新回归。哈维尔·佩纳这个角色支持美国和哥伦比亚执法部门，协助开展毒品战争。
Other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe, and Arturo Castro.	其他新演员包括 马蒂亚斯·巴雷拉、迈克尔·斯塔尔-大卫、马特·惠兰、米格尔·安杰尔·西尔韦斯特凯瑞·碧许、和阿图罗·卡斯特罗。
Season three of Narcos will debut 1 September.	《毒枭》第三季将于 9 月 1 日亮相。
It is understood that a reason for not having a Hong Kong stop in Coldplay’s tour this time round was because of a lack of an appropriate venue. The band specifically requested for an outdoor venue with a seating capacity of at least 30,000.	据悉，此轮Coldplay巡演中没有香港站的原因之一，就在于没有合适地点，因为他们明确要求至少要容纳3万人以上的户外场地。
Zuckerberg hopes to use Jarvis to control everything at home, from music to lights to temperature, with his voice.	扎克伯格希望借助Jarvis项目用自己的声音控制家里的所有东西，从音乐到灯光再到温度。
On December 19, ZTE publicly disclosed that the company successfully acquired Zhuhai Granton Automobile in July this year, and has set up ZTE Smart Auto Co., Ltd to enter the renewable energy auto sector. Centered on the research and development, designing, and production of renewable energy vehicles, as well as the system research and development, and building and operation of vehicle networking applications, big data, driverless vehicles, and cloud computer centers, the company aims to create a brand new industry sector.	12月19日，中兴通讯对外披露，今年7月，该公司成功收购珠海广通客车，组建中兴智能汽车有限公司进入新能源汽车领域，围绕新能源汽车研发、设计、生产制造，车联网应用、大数据、自动驾驶、云计算中心的系统研发与建设运营，打造全新产业板块。
Afghan democracy depends on political role for women, U.N. says	联合国称阿富汗民主取决于女性的政治地位
Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, the head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan said Wednesday.	联合国驻阿富汗援助团团长星期三称，只有包括女性在内的社会所有成员都参与的选举才是有代表性的。
Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the U.N. Assistance Mission said hundreds of women are running in provincial council elections, three women are running for vice president and more than 30 percent of the newly-registered voters are women.	联合国援助团团长尼古拉斯·海伊索姆称，上百名女性正在参与省级议会选举，三名女性正在参加副总统选举，超过 30% 的新注册选民为女性。
"The role of women cannot be overstated," he said in a statement Wednesday.	他在周三的声明中称，“女性的地位不容小觑。”
Elections can only be truly representative and credible when women fully participate and are included in all parts of the electoral process.	只有当女性完全参与并包含在选举过程的全部阶段中，才真正是有代表性的、可信的选举。
Afghan provincial council and presidential elections take place April 5.	阿富汗省级议会和总统选举于 4 月 5 日举行。
The Taliban has issued threats against an election process that coincides with the transition of international combat operations to an advisory role.	塔利班对一选举程序发出恐吓，该选举与国际军事行动向顾问身份的过渡吻合。
This year's elections mark the first time power is handed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.	今年的选举是第一次和平实现从一个民主选举政府到下一个民主选举政府的权力交接。
Haysom said a strong role for women will add to Afghanistan's democratic success.	海伊索姆称女性的重要地位将促进阿富汗民主。
The Afghan Independent Election Commission reports 1.2 million women are registered out of 3.6 million total registered voters.	独立选举委员会发布报告称，总计 360 万注册选民中有 120 万为女性。
“Xiaosong Pedia”, which has been broadcast for three consecutive years on iQiyi since 2014, has maintained very high viewership and earned critical acclaim.	连续播出三年的《晓松奇谈》自2014年在爱奇艺上线以来一直保持超高的播放量及口碑好评度。
Last May, the Season 7 finale of the classic American series “The Good Wife” ended with Alicia being slapped in the face.	去年5月，经典美剧《傲骨贤妻》以“A姐”艾丽西亚挨的一记耳光正式宣告七季全剧终。
This was the best legal and political drama in the eyes of many. Both IMDb and Douban gave Season 7 of the series an average rating of 9 and above.	对于很多人而言，这是他们心目中最好的律政剧。无论IMDb还是豆瓣，该剧七季的平均分都在9分以上。
Other than Season 1, Rotten Tomatoes had a 100% certified fresh rating for the other six seasons.	烂番茄上除第一季外，其他六季新鲜度都高达100%。
Just when fans of “The Good Wife” felt lost, CBS released “The Good Fight”, a sequel to “The Good Wife” on CBS All Access, its streaming service.	就在傲骨迷倍感失落之际，CBS网上频道新推出了一部《傲骨贤妻》系列衍生剧《傲骨之战》。
On IMDb, its rating not only beat many American dramas broadcast at the same time, it also beat that of all the seasons of “The Good Wife”, breaking the curse of a “bad sequel to a masterpiece”.	在IMDb上，这一分数，不仅打败了同档播出的众多美剧，也打败了整七季的母剧《傲骨贤妻》，更首次打破了衍生剧“狗尾续貂”的魔咒。
The 16th round of the women's team of the Table Tennis Super League took place last night. Ding Ning missed the match due to illness. As a guest member, the women's team of Beijing Shougang Group failed Shandong Luneng.	乒超联赛昨晚进行了女团第16轮争夺，丁宁因病缺阵，北京首钢女乒客场不敌山东鲁能。
13 developers compete for Jianhong Chemical Plant site in Tianhe District; land price could exceed RMB10,000/m2	13开发商争抢天河区坚红化工厂地块地价或将破1万元/m2
Yangcheng Evening News/Reporter Zhao Yanhua: This afternoon, not less than 13 developers competed for the Jianhong Chemical Plant site. The Jianhong Chemical Plant site at Huangpu Road in Tianhe District is a Class 2 land parcel for residential use (R2), with site area of 17,304 m2 (land available for construction: 15,178 m2), and gross floor area of 45,534 m2.	羊城晚报讯记者赵燕华报道：今天下午，将有不少于13家开发商争抢坚红化工厂地块，今天出让的天河区黄埔大道坚红化工厂地块，为二类居住用地（R2），用地面积17304平方米（可建设用地15178平方米），建筑面积为45534平方米。
There are requirements for small and medium-sized units for the site. The proportion of built-up gross floor area for the development of residential units 90 m2 and below should not be less than 60% at this site.	地块设有中小套型要求，90平方米以下住房面积占宗地住宅开发建设总面积比例不低于60%。
Based on the largest floor area of a small to medium-sized unit, at least 303 small and medium-sized units could be offered at this site.	按中小户型的最大面积计算，该地块将至少可以提供303套中小户型住宅。
It is understood that this site is located directly east of Huangpu Interchange, and across the road from Guangzhou Tianhe Architecture Design Institute. Amenities around the site are comprehensive. It is the first listing of a residential site in the Tianhe District this year.	据悉，该地块位于黄埔立交正东面，马路对面便是天河建筑设计院。该地周边配套完善，为今年挂出的天河区首块住宅用地。
Elsewhere, a Class 2 land parcel for residential use (R2) at Chan Chu Shi North Road, Tonghe Dongkeng, Baiyun District, was also offered for sale today, with site area of 32,891 m2 (land available for construction: 30,965 m2), and gross floor area of 92,895 m2. The listed starting price was RMB613.11 million, equivalent to RMB6,600 per m2 per plot ratio.	另外，今天还将出让白云区同和东坑蟾蜍石北路一幅二类居住用地（R2），用地面积32891平方米（可建设用地30965平方米），建筑面积92895平方米，挂牌起始价61311万元，折合楼面地价6600元/平方米。
This land parcel is the first residential site offered for sale in Baiyun District this year. Similarly, there are requirements for small and medium-sized units (90 m2 and below), with the proportion at 30%.	该地块为白云区今年来推出的首幅宅地，同样要求中小套型（90平方米以下）比例为30%。
The site, with the extended Guangzhou Metro Line 3 passing through its east side, is located at the section of the road between Tonghe and Jingxi Nanfang Hospital stations.	地铁三号线延长线从其西边穿过，地块正位于同和站和京溪南方医院站之间的路段。
“1 billion parcels per day can be achieved in less than eight years; probably in about six to seven years,” said Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma yesterday at the “2017 Global Smart Logistics Summit” held in Yuqi township, Hangzhou.	“一天十亿只包裹，不会超过八年，估计在六七年左右就能实现。”在昨日杭州云栖小镇举行的“2017全球智慧物流峰会”上，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云如是说。
At the Summit, Cainiao Networks unveiled its new brand logo and the ACE green smart logistics vehicle plan. It also announced that it will build one million “smart” renewable energy logistics vehicles with numerous renowned automakers. Currently, the new vehicle has undergone trials in Shenzhen and Chengdu, with cost savings of more than 20%.	在这次大会上，菜鸟网络发布了全新的品牌标识和ACE绿色智慧物流汽车计划，并宣布与多家知名车企打造百万辆“智慧”新能源物流汽车，目前新车已在深圳和成都进行试点，节省成本超过两成。
In 2016, China’s express delivery industry achieved more than 50% growth for six consecutive years, with an average of 80 million parcels per day, with changes in delivery time allowed as well.	2016年，中国快递业已实现连续6年增长率超过50%，日均8000万个包裹，还可以更改送货时间。
This made Aunt Gao and her family, residents of the Machinery Office dormitory at Minzhu Road in Nanning, very happy.	这让住在南宁市民主路机械厅宿舍的高阿姨一家人很高兴。
Neighbors also said that flowers blooming on the money tree is a rare sight. Residents of the housing estate felt that this was very auspicious, and came to take a look out of interest after learning about the matter.	邻居们也都说发财树开花，真是难得一见。小区居民们认为这是一件很吉祥的事，得知后都饶有兴致前来观看。
The scientific name for the money tree is “Malabar Chestnut”, a tropical plant native to Mexico. It performs best in warm and damp conditions, and its flowers will only bloom under appropriate conditions such as sunlight, water and nutriments.	发财树学名“马拉巴栗”，是一种热带植物，原产墨西哥，喜温暖湿润，必须在阳光、水分、养料等多个条件都适宜的情况下，才可能出现开花现象。
Even in the wild where tropical conditions are appropriate, flowers blooming on money trees are rare. It was once said that the “chance of flowers blooming is one in a thousand”.	即使在热带条件适宜的野外，发财树开花也属罕见，曾有“开花率仅千分之一”的说法。
Yesterday morning, reporters visited the Nanning Machinery Office dormitory at Minzhu Road. Led by Aunt Gao, the reporters saw the money tree.	昨天早上，记者来到南宁市民主路机械厅宿舍，在高阿姨的指引下，记者见到了那棵发财树。
Planted amid the flower bed of the housing estate, the money tree was about five meters tall, and the branch circumference, at its thickest, measured approximately 30 cm. Its leaves were emerald green and luxuriant.	发财树种在小区的花圃里，大约5米高，最粗的树枝周长约30厘米，树叶翠绿茂盛。
The flowers bloomed at tips of higher branches, and the flowers that were in full bloom were more than 10 cm wide. The delicate pale yellow filaments were evenly spread out, and the green buds, when burst, curled backwards on both sides. The fine and dense stamens resembled silver threads with gold stars at their tips.	花朵开在较高树枝顶端，盛开的花有10多厘米宽，淡黄色的细丝均匀散开，绿色花苞裂开后卷曲在两旁，花蕊细密如银丝，丝头金星点点。
Aunt Gao told the reporters that the money tree has been planted for eight years. When it was first planted, it was about one meter tall; it is now more than five meters tall.	高阿姨告诉记者，这棵发财树种了8年了，当时种的时候大约高1米，现在长有5米多了。
It was originally a potted plant when her son first bought it from the flower and bird market, and was subsequently planted in the flower bed. She did not have to take particular care of it, but would occasionally earth it up.	这是她儿子从花鸟市场购买回来的盆景，后来种在了花圃里，她也不怎么打理，就是有时候培培土而已。
With the advent of 2018, the National Centre for the Performing Arts has specially organized nine sets of 11 New Year concerts. Ingenious musical notes accompanied the audience to usher in the New Year, and moving melodies were played offering the most sincere blessings for the festival.	在2018年即将到来之际，国家大剧院特别推出了9台11场新年系列音乐会，用曼妙音符陪伴广大观众共迎新年，以动人旋律奏响最诚挚的节日祝福。
From the increase of sports crowd, the development of sports undertakings to the rise of sports industry, sports is influencing the progressing pace of Chinese society with more powerful appeal.	从体育人群的增多、体育事业的发展，到体育产业的兴起，体育运动正在以更强大的号召力，影响着中国社会行进的步伐。
On November 4, Deputy Director of the management committee of Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Industrial Park (QOCIP), Pan Hong, on behalf of QOCIP, and Zuo Haibo, President of Yingde Kanhoo New Energy and Technology Co., Ltd entered into the “Kanhoo Production Base Investment and Construction Contract”.	11月4日，清远华侨工业园管委会副主任潘虹代表清华园与英德市科恒新能源科技有限公司总裁左海波签署《科恒生产基地项目投资建设合同书》。
The enterprise officially established its plant in Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Hi-Tech Industrial Base, mainly to produce lithium cathode material. Trial production is expected to commence next May. When operating at designed capacity, output value could exceed RMB3 billion, and it could help bring up- and downstream enterprises along the industry chain into Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Hi-Tech Industrial Base, thus accelerating the growth of the Industrial Base.	该企业正式进驻清华园高科技产业基地，项目选址于清华园高科技产业基地内，主要从事锂离子电池正极材料的生产，预计明年5月进入试产阶段，全面达产后产值超30亿元，并能带动企业上下产业链集聚清华园高科技产业基地，加快产业基地的发展。
These two government officials claimed that Apple sent a letter to the Indian government last month, which set forth its plans to produce iPhone and other products in India, and hoped that the Indian government would introduce preferential policies on the fiscal front.	这两位政府官员称，苹果上个月致信印度政府，阐述了在印度生产iPhone等产品的计划，并希望印度政府能在财政方面出台优惠政策。
Shichang Xingbao reported that between 2005 and 2011, the GDP of Anhui Province rose from joint “bottom” to second at one stroke.	据市场星报报道，从2005年到2011年，我省GDP一举由中部并列“垫底”升至次席。
However, the Province’s economic growth continued to experience difficulties such as low investment efficiency, and a lack of core competitiveness in its industrial economy. To this end, the latest issue of the “Economic Blue Paper” of the Province’s Economic Information Center advised raising the quality and benefit of economic growth.	但我省经济增长仍存在投资效率偏低、工业经济缺乏核心竞争力等困境。为此，省经济信息中心最新一期《经济蓝页》建议提高经济增长的质量和效益。
We have made a comparison of some of the representative indices of the Province’s economy between 2005 and 2011 with that of the nation and Central China.	以2005年和2011年我省经济的一些代表性指标为依据，将其与全国及中部地区进行比较。
In 2011, in terms of industrial economic benefit, high energy consumption industries such as industrial energy and raw materials, which comprised a relatively large proportion of the Province, had to endure “twin pressures” - they were significantly affected by market volatility as well as overcapacity. At the same time, home appliances, automotive and other leading industries lacked innovation, resulting in slim profits.	在工业经济效益上，2011年，在我省占有相当比例的工业能源、原材料等高耗能行业，受市场波动影响较大和产能过剩“双重压力”，同时，家电、汽车等主导产业创新力不足，导致利润微薄。
Meanwhile, enormous investment did not bring about the corresponding economic benefit, which was a key factor leading to poor quality and benefit in economic growth.	而大量的投资没有带来相应经济效益，是导致我省经济增长质量和效益不高的重要原因。
As regards this, experts advised that effective measures should be adopted to incentivize enterprises to innovate. The technical outcomes of Institutions of higher learning and technological research institutes should also be promptly “transferred” to enterprises.	对此，专家建议，要采取有效措施鼓励企业创新，高校及科研院所的科技成果也要及时向企业“转移”。
As for low industrial economic benefit, experts said that industry merger and reorganization should be actively advanced, industry structure optimized, and the industry chain extended.	对于工业经济效益不高，专家说，也要积极推动产业兼并重组、优化产业布局、延伸产业链。
“Higgins had a very perfect start. I thought I might lose the competition very soon. But I didn’t give up, and finally turn the tables,” said Marco Fu after the match.	傅家俊赛后说，希金斯开局非常完美，自己以为很快就会大比分败北，但随后他还是坚持自我，终于反败为胜。
Th period of intensive training just meets the key stage of each team’s winter training. With the main force of each team absent, the preparation training will be inevitably affected .	从集训时间看，这个时间段正好是各队冬训的关键阶段，队中主力被征战，必然将会对备战训练造成相当大的影响。
Automobile technology has developed for more than a century, and a lot of the technology is fairly mature. However, future auto user experience is more dependent on human-machine interaction. ZTE has advantages in the areas of IT, network, and auto networking systems.	一方面汽车技术经过一百多年的发展，许多技术已经比较成熟；一方面未来汽车的用户体验更多地取决于人机互动，中兴在IT、网络、车联网系统等领域有优势。
GMB concern over investment at McVitie's Glasgow factory	英国总工会 (GMB) 关注针对麦维他公司 (McVitie) 格拉斯哥工厂的投资
A union is seeking reassurance from managers at biscuit maker McVitie's over its long-term commitment to production at its factory in Glasgow.	工会希望饼干制造商麦维他公司管理层保证长期致力于在拉斯哥工厂进行生产。
GMB Scotland said the company had been silent over the future of investment at the Tollcross site.	英国总工会苏格兰分会称，该公司对托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 工厂投资的未来一直保持沉默。
More than 500 people work at the plant, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits, among other products.	该工厂有 500 多名员工，生产燕麦饼干 (Hobnobs) 、浓茶饼干 (Rich tea) 等产品。
McVitie's owner Pladis said it had invested more than £5m at the site in the last few years.	麦维他公司的所有人普拉迪 (Pladis) 斯表示，过去几年来，公司已经向该工厂投资了 500 多万英镑。
It added employees and union representatives "will be the first to know" if there were any changes to its operations.	他补充道，如工厂运营有变化，员工和工会代表“会率先知道”。
In a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland called on McVitie's to "address concerns that funding is not being brought forward for the modernisation of production lines."	在致公司厂长的信中，英国总工会苏格兰分会呼吁麦维他公司“解决资金未结转到生产线现代化上的问题。”
GMB senior organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the general site manager over the business needs and investment plan for the future of Tollcross is deeply concerning our members.	英国总工会资深主办人德鲁?达菲 (Drew Duffy) 说：“我们无法从工厂总经理那里清楚了解到托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 未来的业务需求和投资计划，这使我们的成员深感担忧。
Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, a crucial pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.	一代又一代的家族在这里工作，而且本地社区和大格拉斯哥地区劳动力高度集中，是高失业和社会剥夺严重的地区体面就业的重要支柱。
So, from the perspective of jobs, pay and prosperity, and against the backdrop of Brexit, rising cost of living and chronic manufacturing decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie's."	因此，从就业、薪酬和经济繁荣的角度来看，在英国脱欧，生活成本上涨和制造业长期衰退的背景下，格拉斯哥东部地区迫切需要麦维他不断扩大生产网络。”
A spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The site manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will be responding directly as we value ongoing engagement with employees and union representatives.	普拉迪斯公司的发言人表示：“托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 的厂长昨日刚收到英国总工会苏格兰分会的来信，该公司将会立即进行回复，因为我们重视与雇员和工会代表保持持续接触。
We had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross two months ago at which a number of issues were discussed openly.	两个月前，我们在托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 与员工和英国总工会代表举行了例会，公开讨论了一些问题。
We discussed with employees then that like all companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we review our operations on an ongoing basis - and that applies across our all our businesses and sites - in order to remain competitive.	我们与员工进行了讨论，然后，像所有在竞争激烈和经济不明朗的环境中运营的其他公司一样，我们对我们应用于企业和工厂的持续运营模式进行了审查，以便保持竞争力。
She added: "In recent years, we have invested over £5m in our Tollcross site, notably on production lines and operational improvements.	她补充道：“近年来，我们在托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 工厂的投资超过 500 万英镑，特别是在生产线和运营改进方面。
We fully recognise the heritage of Tollcross as a manufacturing site and should there be any changes to our operations at the site, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know."	我们充分认识到托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 作为生产基地的历史地位，如我们在该厂的运营业务有任何变化，员工和工会代表将会第一个知道。”
China News Service Tibet, May 11 wire (Chen Taobin) Nyima Tsering, Deputy Director of the Tibet Autonomous Region Sports Bureau said at the Everest North Base Camp on the 10th that the cleaning up of domestic waste on the northern slope of Mount Everest will move from a public interest action in the past toward a normalized action led by the Chinese government and in which the international community will participate.	中新社西藏定日5月11日电(记者陈韬彬)西藏自治区体育局副局长尼玛次仁10日在珠穆朗玛峰北坡大本营表示，今后珠峰北坡的生活垃圾清理将从过去的公益行动走向由中国政府主导、国际各界参与的常态化行为。
On May 10, environmental protection volunteers loaded rubbish that have been sorted onto trucks.	5月10日，环保志愿者们将分类垃圾装入卡车。
China News Service/He Penglei: In the last 10 years or so, environmental protection issues at Mount Everest have become increasingly prominent as the number of Mount Everest explorers and tourists increased significantly.	中新社记者何蓬磊摄近十几年来，随着珠峰登山探险者和旅游者急剧增加，山峰所在地的环保问题日益凸显。
In the Spring of 1997, the Tibet Autonomous Region Mountaineering Association initiated the first clean-up on the Northern slope of Mount Everest, cleaning up oxygen tanks and other domestic waste left over from the 1960s and 1970s. This video was also specially broadcast at the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Kyoto that year, drawing world attention.	1997年春，西藏自治区登山协会在珠峰北坡发起第一次清扫活动，清理了一批上世纪六七十年代遗留的氧气瓶等生活垃圾。该视频还在当年的东京世界气候大会上专门播放，引起世界关注。
According to Nyima Tsering, after 1997, public interest groups arrived successively to help clean up the Northern slope of Mount Everest, but most of the participants were non-professionals.	据尼玛次仁介绍，1997年之后，公益团队陆续对珠峰北坡进行过清扫，但参与者大多为非专业人士。
Did PSG warn Barcelona about move for Neymar three years ago?	巴黎圣日耳曼三年前就警告过巴塞罗那要签走内马尔？
La Liga side may rue their interest in Marco Verratti	西甲可能会后悔对马尔科·维拉蒂抛出橄榄枝
Paris Saint-Germain will not let up in their pursuit of Neymar after lodging a £189m offer to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona of the world-record raid three years ago?	在提出 1.89 亿英镑报价试图让其行使豁免条款之后，巴黎圣日耳曼不会放弃签入内马尔，但他们在三年前是否警告过巴塞罗那要向这位世界记录突袭者发起进攻？
The sensational approach has lit up the summer transfer window, with the Ligue 1 club ready to break the world transfer record by more than double the previous mark, which saw Paul Pogba return to Manchester United last season for £89m.	这个耸人听闻的方法已经打开了夏季转会窗口，法甲俱乐部准备以超过上一次转会记录两倍的价格打破世界转会纪录。保罗·博格巴上赛季返回曼联，金额高达 8900 万英镑。
Once completed, the move will see Neymar become the world's most expensive player and also the highest-paid professional sportsman in the world, with PSG offering wages of over £500,000-a-week after tax.	一旦转会完成，内马尔将跃升成为世界上身价最高的球员，同时也是世界上薪水最高的职业运动员——巴黎圣日耳曼提供每周超过 50 万英镑的税后薪资。
Barcelona are known to be furious with the manner of the approach and the way that Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalans' board insisting that the club have always done their best to look after him since his arrival from Santos in 2013.	巴塞罗那对于内马尔的进攻方式以及闯出出路感到愤怒，了解加泰罗尼亚队董事会的消息人士坚持说，2013 年他从桑托斯抵达后，俱乐部一直竭尽全力关照他。
But was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?	但是巴黎圣日耳曼主席三年前曾对足球世界发出过这样的预测吗？
When Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.	当曼城在 2014 年表示有兴趣签约布莱斯·马泰迪时，纳赛尔·阿尔赫莱菲对任何一家想签下巴黎圣日耳曼最佳球员的俱乐部发出过严厉警告。
"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.	“我并不担心，因为他们知道如果他们接触我们的任何一位球员，我们必将与他们针锋相对，我们也会联系他们的球员，” 阿尔赫莱菲说。
"We respect all clubs.	“我们尊重所有俱乐部。
But if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."	但如果他们试图签约我们的球员，那他们也要自食恶果。”
Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.	今年夏天早些时候，这家西班牙俱乐部似乎越线了，巴塞罗那向巴黎圣日耳曼中场球员马尔科·维拉蒂抛出了橄榄枝。
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.	巴黎圣日耳曼明确表示，他们无论如何都不会允许这位意大利国脚离开，而巴塞罗那很可能会因为失去阵中天才内马尔而倍受影响。
By staff reporter Wang Yichen: The International Conference on Renewable Energy Development and Technology jointly organized by State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC) and the International Electrotechnical Commission was held in Frankfurt, Germany recently.	本报讯记者王轶辰报道：由国家电网公司与国际电工委员会联合主办的新能源发展与技术国际研讨会日前在德国法兰克福举行。
At present, accelerating the development of renewable energy, and advancing transformation toward clean and low-carbon energy have become a global trend.	当前，加快新能源发展、推动能源清洁低碳转型，已成为全球趋势。
However, large-scale development and use of renewable energy continued to be assailed by system security, long-distance delivery, technology economic and other issues and challenges that need to be confronted and resolved.	而新能源的大规模开发利用，还有系统安全性问题、远距离输送问题、技术经济性问题等许多难题和挑战需要面对和解决。
SGCC Chairman Shu Yinbiao revealed that the company was in the process of planning to expand the size of the synchronous power grid so as to strengthen the existing regional power grid interconnection. By 2020, inter-regional power transmission capacity will increase to about 300 million kW.	国家电网公司董事长舒印彪透露，国家电网公司正在规划扩大同步电网规模，加强现有区域电网互联，到2020年将跨区输电能力提高到3亿千瓦左右。
Our staff reporter learned at the beginning of August that in the first half of the year, it was understood that operations of certain wind turbines being suspended in wind farms was a fairly common phenomenon in the “three northern” wind power regions.	本报讯记者8月上旬获悉，今年上半年，据了解，全国“三北”风电集中地区，弃风比较普遍。
Yancheng’s renewable energy such as wind power and PV, accounts for 70% of Jiangsu’s total. Renewable energy developed along the coast is produced and consumed locally, and has displayed enormous advantages and potential in Yancheng.	盐城风电、光伏等新能源占江苏的70%，沿海发展新能源，当地生产当地消费，在盐城显示了巨大的优势和潜力。
January 3 news: Reporters learned from the Guangzhou Flower Market Office yesterday that the Spring Festival flower market will begin receiving bids for the 2008 Spring Festival flower market soon.	1月3日消息：记者昨日从广州市花市办获悉，2008年的迎春花市将于近日开始招投标。
Huadu District held tenders for the tangerine and flower booths on the 29th and 30th last month, respectively.	花都区于上月29、30日分别进行了桔位和花位的招投标。
Guangzhou Yuexiu Archives Bureau is organizing and collecting hundreds of historic old photos of Spring Festival flower markets (photographed some 50 to 60 years ago), and will publicly exhibit them at the Yuexiu Culture Artistic Center on January 8, 2008. When the flower markets are being constructed at the end of January, the exhibition of these old photos will be moved to Grandbuy Department Store at Beijing Road.	越秀区档案馆正在组织和收集数百张历史性的迎春花市的老照片(拍摄年代都距今五六十年之久)，定于2008年1月8日在越秀区文化艺术中心进行公开的展览，在1月底花市开始进行搭建时，这批老照片将移至北京路广百小广场进行展览。
Elsewhere, the Cultural Bureau of Yuexiu District will also hold a flower market forum, and will invite old Guangzhou leaders, folklore experts, celebrities, old residents of Beijing Road and others to come together to talk about the history and future development of Beijing Road and West Lake Road flower markets.	另外，越秀区文化局还将举办一期花市论坛，邀请广州市的老领导、社会民俗专家、社会名流、北京路的老街坊等一起畅谈北京路西湖路花市的历史及未来的发展。
The flower market forum will contact Internet media to carry out online broadcast, and will conduct live interaction with residents.	届时，花市论坛将联系网络媒体进行网上直播，同步与市民进行互动。
In addition, online flower markets will be made accessible. By using the information networks of housing estates, brief introductions and messages about the flower markets will be sent to residents who intend to visit and shop at the Beijing Road business district and West Lake Road flower market. Residents may browse the “online flower markets” on their mobile phones.	此外，还开通网上花市，利用小区信息网络，为进入北京路商圈和西湖路花市游览购物的市民发送有关花市的介绍短信，并可以利用手机上网来流览“网上花市”。
In 2015, the year when harvesting the organs of death row inmates was forbidden, there were 2,776 cases of organ donations from Chinese citizens upon death, and 10,057 organ transplant surgeries performed, setting a new record.	2015年禁用死囚器官当年，中国公民逝世后捐献器官2776例，完成10057例器官移植手术，刷新了历史纪录。
In the past, the “Four Dreams of Linchuan” would be performed on stage in the Kunqu style. The performance of this piece after it was adapted into a play, is a first.	以往《临川四梦》，基本都是以昆曲的形式呈现在戏曲舞台上的，而被改编成话剧演出，这还是第一次。
In the finals against Marco Fu, Higgins scored three consecutive shots and got a 4-1 lead.	决赛面对傅家俊，希金斯上来就连续三杆破百，取得4-1的领先。
“Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide. Weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles; in the face of prevailing upward pressures in the domestic renewable energy automobile market	“四川造”新能源汽车逆势上行财政补贴力度减弱、充电设施普及率不高、三元锂电池暂停在新能源客车上使用，面对国内新能源汽车市场当前的上行压力
In the Phase I exhibition of the 16th Western China International Fair (hereinafter referred to as “WCIF”), which was held between November 3 and 6, six cities and prefectures including Chengdu, Nanchong and Ya’an, exhibited their development achievements in the advanced manufacturing sector. Renewable energy vehicles shone in particular, with the launch of various new vehicles, attracting widespread attention in the industry.	11月3日—6日，在第十六届中国西部国际博览会（以下简称“西博会”）第一阶段展览中，成都、南充、雅安等6个市州纷纷展示在先进制造业方面的发展成果，其中新能源汽车崭露锋芒，新品迭出，引起业界的广泛关注。
At present, the domestic renewable energy automobile market is temporarily under pressure because of weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries being suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles.	当前，随着新能源汽车财政补贴力度减弱、充电设施普及率不高、三元锂电池暂停在新能源客车上使用，国内新能源汽车市场出现暂时的上行压力。
However, “Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide, and have made major forays into the passenger and commercial vehicle sub-markets. Why so confident?	然而，“四川造”新能源汽车却逆势上行，大举进军乘用车和商用车细分市场，底气何在？
Staff reporter Zhao Zeyu. Current situation: Focus on developing “top students” “Made In Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles have dominated the news lately.	本报记者赵泽宇现状：集中力量培育“尖子生”近期，“四川造”新能源汽车产业新闻不断。
Less than eight months after acquiring Dongfeng Nanchong Automobile Co., Ltd., Geely Holding Group’s (hereinafter referred to “Geely Group”) brand new commercial vehicle brand “Yuan Cheng” made its debut on October 26. Yuan Cheng E200, Geely Group's first pure electric light truck equipped with a smart auto networking platform premiered at WCIF.	在完成收购东风南充汽车有限公司后不到8个月时间，10月26日，吉利控股集团（以下简称“吉利集团”）旗下的全新商用车品牌“远程”在成都首发，旗下首款搭载智能车联网平台的纯电动轻卡远程E200首次亮相西博会。
It is worth mentioning that under circumstances where the rate of growth of the enterprise wage guidelines this year was mainly flat or down, the minimum threshold in Beijing and Guizhou was raised.	值得一提的是，在今年的企业工资指导线涨幅多为持平或下降的情况下，北京和贵州的下线有所提高。
Xinhua News Agency London January 9 wire (Reporter Wang Zijiang) On the 9th, UK Sport announced Great Britain’s target for next month’s Winter Olympics to be held in PyeongChang, South Korea: Win at least five medals. This would Team GB’s “best ever” target in the history of the Winter Olympics.	新华社伦敦1月9日电（记者王子江）英国体育理事会9日公布了下个月参加韩国平昌冬奥会的目标：赢得至少5块奖牌，这是英国代表团参加冬奥会历史上“最宏伟的”目标。
UK Sport is responsible for allocating funds to the various Olympic events, and for setting the medal targets for each event.	英国体育理事会负责各个奥运会项目资金的划拨，当然也负责给各个项目下达夺牌目标。
It is predicted that events UK athletes have hopes of winning a medal are snowboarding, curling, skeleton and short track speed skating.	据推算，英国运动员有希望冲击奖牌的项目来自单板滑雪、冰壶、钢架雪车和短道速滑等。
In the last Winter Olympic cycle, UK Sport has allocated a total of GBP32 million (approximately RMB280 million) to fund training for the Winter Olympic Game events, doubled that of the funding for the Sochi Winter Olympic cycle.	在过去一个冬奥会周期内，英国体育理事会为冬奥会项目划拨了总共3200万英镑（约合2.8亿元人民币）的训练经费，比索契冬奥会周期翻了一倍。
Most of the funding was sourced from the National Lottery, with the balance funded by the government.	这些钱大部分来自国家彩票，剩下的来自国家财政。
The UK has pinned its hopes for the gold medal on two people - short track speed skater Elise Christie, a triple gold medalist at last year’s world championships, and Lizzy Yarnold, the previous skeleton Olympic champion.	英国夺金的希望主要寄托在两人身上，一个是去年世界短道速滑锦标赛三金得主爱丽丝·克里斯蒂，另外一个是上届的女子钢架雪车冠军利兹·亚诺德。
At the Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014, Team GB won one gold, one silver and two bronzes, the best tally since the inaugural Winter Olympics in 1924.	2014年索契冬奥会，英国代表团取得了1金1银2铜的战绩，这是自1924年首届冬奥会之后，他们取得的最好战绩。
Michael Jackson wore tape on his nose to get front pages, former bodyguard claims	前保镖称迈克尔·杰克逊为上头版在鼻子上贴胶带
Michael Jackson's former bodyguard has claimed the late singer cultivated some of his eccentricities with the deliberate intention of riling up the media.	迈克尔·杰克逊的前保镖声称，这位已故歌星培养了一些古怪癖好，目的是故意激起媒体的注意。
Matt Fiddes, now a property developer and owner of a martial arts/dance chain, told Metro that Jackson believed the fascination around his persona would stop if he ceased to be a "mystery" in the public eye.	马特·费德思现在是房地产开放商和武术/舞蹈连锁店店主，他告诉Metro，迈克尔相信如果他在公众眼中不再“神秘”，人们对其人格的狂热就会停止。
To get front pages, he would reportedly don surgical masks and put tape on his nose to spark conversation.	为了抢占头版，据说他会通过戴外科口罩和在鼻子上帖胶带来引发话题。
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.	我们会告诉你，什么是真相。你可以有自己的见解。
"He knew how to manipulate the media. He knew exactly how to get the front page," Fiddes, who was Jackson's bodyguard for 10 years, said. "90 per cent of the time it worked, by putting a mask on his face, or sticky tape on his hands - or tape on his nose was a favourite one. He would say he wanted his life to be the greatest mystery on Earth."	“他知道如何操纵媒体。他完全懂得如何登上头版。”担任了10年迈克尔保镖的费德思说。“90%的时间是有用的，脸上戴口罩啦，手上贴胶带啦——他最喜欢的一招是往鼻子上贴胶带。他会说，他想让自己的生活是地球上最神秘的。”
He added: "It's backfired on him now, though, that's the sad thing."	他补充说：“虽然现在反噬了他，这才是可悲的事。”
Fiddes also addressed allegations of child sexual abuse against Jackson by Wade Robson and James Safechuck, which were aired in the controversial, Emmy Award-winning documentary Leaving Neverland.	费德思还谈到了韦德·罗布森和詹姆斯·萨夫切克对迈克尔的儿童性侵指控，这些指控是在备受争议的艾美奖获奖纪录片《离开梦幻岛》中公开的。
Both Robson and Safechuck allege that they were abused by Jackson as children for a number of years.	罗布森和萨夫切克都声称自己小时候被迈克尔性侵多年。
Fiddes claimed that "this whole paedophile thing is complete nonsense... the guy had girlfriends and had a legitimate marriage to Lisa Marie [Presley], that was the way he lived his life."	费德思称，“这整件恋童癖的事完全是胡说八道……那家伙交过好几个女朋友，还和丽莎·玛丽（·普莱斯利）是正当婚姻关系，这才是他的生活方式。”
He claimed it would have been "impossible" for Jackson to have abused children at his Neverland ranch because he was "hardly" there.	他表示，迈克尔根本“不可能”在他的“梦幻岛”农场侵害儿童，因为他根本“不怎么”去那里。
"They say there were boys around, that was not the case at all," he said.	他说：“他们说那周围还有男孩子们，而情况根本就不是这样。”
The Jackson estate has denied all allegations against the late star. Jackson denied all claims against him until his death in 2009.	杰克逊遗产公司已经否认了对这位已故明星的所有指控。迈克尔否认对他的所有指控，直到于2009年去世。
Government Retires 15 More Senior Tax Officials On Graft Charges	印度政府再次以贪污罪责令15名税务高官退休
New Delhi:	新德里：
The government has compulsorily retired 15 more tax officers in the fourth tranche of its crackdown on errant officials accused of corruption and other malpractices.	印度政府第四轮反腐行动针对被指控贪污等渎职罪的失职官员。此次行动中，政府再次责令15名税务官员退休。
The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) -- the agency that oversees GST and import tax collections -- compulsorily retired 15 senior officers under Fundamental Rule 56 (J) on corruption and other charges, official sources said.	中央直接税和关税税务局（Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs ，CBIC）——负责商品及服务税（GST）以及关税征收的监管机构——依照基本规定（Fundamental Rule，FR）第56条第（J）款对贪污等指控罪名的规定，责令15名高官退休，官方消息表示。
Since June, this is the fourth round of sacking of corrupt tax officials. In the previous three rounds, 49 high ranking tax officers, including 12 from the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), were compulsorily retired.	六月以来，此已是第四轮腐败税务官员遭下台。前三轮中，总计49名税务高官被责令退休，其中包括12名中央直接税税务局（Central Board of Direct Taxes，CBDT）官员。
Sources said the action was in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort when he had said some black sheep in the tax administration may have misused their powers and harassed taxpayers, either by targeting honest assesses or taking excessive action for minor or procedural violations.	有消息称，反腐行动是为契合首相纳伦德拉·莫迪（Narendra Modi）的德里红堡全国演讲，他表示，税务部门的某些害群之马工于应付诚信评估，又或频繁违规但情节不重或为程序性违规，以此滥用个人职权和压榨纳税人。
"We have recently taken the bold step of compulsorily retiring a significant number of tax officials, and we will not tolerate this type of behaviour," he had said.	“最近我们已采取严厉措施，责令相当数量的税务官员退休，绝不姑息任何此类行为，”他表示。
Nearly half of the officials retired were those who were arrested by the CBI for allegedly receiving illegal gratification. One of them was caught accepting a bribe of Rs 15,000. One official is accused of having assets disproportionate to his known source of income.	有将近一半的退休官员都是因被指控非法受贿而遭印度中央调查局（CBI）逮捕。其中一人被当场抓住收贿15000卢比。另一官员则因其资产与收入来源不匹配被指控。
In June, the government had compulsorily retired 15 commissioner-level officials of CBIC on charges of corruption, collecting and giving bribes, smuggling and even criminal conspiracy. Prior to that, the government had compulsorily retired 12 senior IRS officials from the Income Tax department over charges of corruption, sexual harassment, disproportionate assets under Rule 56 (J) of the Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules.	六月，政府已责令15名被指控腐败、受贿行贿、走私甚至同谋等罪名的CBIC干事级官员退休。 此前，政府依照中央公务员（Central Civil Services ，CSS）（退休金）规定第56项第（J）款的规定，责令12名被指控腐败、性侵、资产不实等罪名的国税局（IRS）收入税部门高官退休。
In August, the government compulsorily retired 22 CBIC officials. The Rule 56 (J) of Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules, 1972 provides for periodical review of the performance of government servants with a view to ascertain whether they should be retained in service or retired in public interest.	八月，政府又责令22名CBIC官员退休。1972年版中央公务员规定（退休金）第56条第（J）款规定，应定期考核政府公务员的绩效，以评判其是继续履职还是应公众呼声退休。
As per these instructions, the cases of government servants covered by FR 56 (J), 56 (1) or Rule 48 (1) (b) of CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972 should be reviewed six months before they attain the age of 50-55 years, in cases covered by FR 56 (j) and on completion of 30 years of qualifying service under FR 56 (1) or Rule 48 of CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972.	依照上述规定，FR第56条第（J）款、第56条第（1）项或1972年版CCS（退休金）规定第48条第（1）项第（b）款涵盖的政府公务员应于其达到50-55年龄段前定期接受考核，但以下情况除外：符合FR第56条第（j）款规定且依照FR第56条第（1）项或1972年版CCS规定（退休金）第48条的规定合格供职年限满30年。
A woman in Maine got 500 letters from United Healthcare within five days	缅因州一妇女五日内收到联合健康保险公司500封信
Stephanie Lay said she found the piles of letters from the insurance company stashed in her mailbox between Thursday and Monday.	斯蒂芬妮·莱（Stephanie Lay）说，她从周四至周一在她的信箱中发现了来自保险公司的成堆的信件。
"A week ago Thursday was the first wave of letters, I got 46 letters," she told CNN. "I immediately called United Healthcare insurance and told them I received 46 letters of the same letter."	“一周前，也就是周四，开始有了第一波来信，我收到46封，”她告诉CNN，“我马上打电话给联合健康保险，告诉他们我收到了46封一样的信。”
And the letters just kept coming, piling up to more than 500 by Monday.	但还是不断有信件寄到她家，截至周一已累计超过500封。
They were addressed to her son, who has autism and lives in a private care facility, she said. But instead of her son's name inside when you opened them, the letters said Dear Maine's Department of Health and Human Services -- in Cincinnati, she told local media.	她说，信件收件人全部是她患有自闭症的儿子，他目前住在一家私人护理机构。但打开信件，信中却并没有提及她儿子的名字，反而信件的称谓是“尊敬的缅因州卫生及公共服务部“——那是在辛辛那提，她告诉地方媒体。
The letters were about a $54 or $0 healthcare claim that United Healthcare said is not covered, Lay said.	莱说，信件内容是关于一项54美元或0美元的医疗赔付申请，联合健康保险说不在承保范围内。
When she asked United Healthcare why she was receiving a mountain of letters, she was told it was a coding issue, she said.	她说，当她询问联合健康保险为什么她收到如此多信件，她被告知这是由于代码错误导致的。
In a statement, United Healthcare told CNN it's working to resolve the issue but it cannot provide details due to privacy requirements.	联合健康保险在其一份声明中告诉CNN，他们正在努力解决该问题，但由于隐私要求，他们无法提供更多细节。
"We have determined the cause of the problem. We are very sorry this occurred, and we have contacted the family to discuss the situation with them," the health insurer said.	“我们已确定了问题原因。非常抱歉发生了这样的错误，我们已联系该家庭商讨具体情况。”这家健康保险公司说。
Lay said the letters all have a message at the bottom urging people to go paperless. " I'm thinking they had to take down half of a forest just to send this," she said.	莱说，所有信件底部都有一句话，建议人们无纸化交流。她说，“我觉得他们砍倒了一半森林就为了发这些信。”
Antonio Brown says he's not quite ready for retirement	安东尼奥·布朗表示尚未准备退役
Antonio Brown has indicated he's not retiring from the NFL, only a few days after announcing he was done with the league in a Twitter rant.	安东尼奥·布朗前几日在推特上宣称与职业橄榄球大联盟决裂。仅隔数日，他表示还没有准备从联盟引退。
The four-time All-Pro wide receiver wrote on Twitter on Thursday: "I'm still the best why stop now." He followed with the suggestion that the game needs him.	上周四，这位四次入选全明星队的外接手发表推特：“我还是最棒的，为什么要现在停手。”他听从建议，认为比赛还需要他。
Brown has been accused of sexual misconduct by two women. He was released by the New England Patriots last week after playing only one game. He's been dumped by three teams in the last six months.	两位女性指控布朗性行为不端。他仅为新英格兰爱国者队进行了一场比赛，就于上周被球队裁撤。过去半年内，他已被三支球队抛弃。
Brown, who lost Nike as a sponsor last week, says he'll practice at high schools one day a week, starting in Miami.	布朗上周失去耐克的赞助，今表示他将从迈阿密起，在高中进行一周一次的练习。
The 31-year-old Brown also engaged in a Twitter spat with Los Angeles Rams safety Eric Weddle, who faced him often with the Baltimore Ravens.	31岁的布朗还在推特上与洛杉矶公羊队安全卫埃里克·维德尔发生冲突，维德尔在巴尔的摩乌鸦队常与布郎交锋。
HSBC flips crime-spotting tool to scope new business	汇丰银行翻牌犯罪监测工具以挖掘新商机
British bank HSBC (HSBA.L) has converted a financial crime-spotting algorithm it was forced to build in the wake of a money-laundering scandal into one that can scope out new business opportunities, bank executives said.	英国汇丰银行（HSBA.L）发生洗钱丑闻后，将一不得已开发的金融犯罪监测算法变成嗅探新商机的工具，该银行高管表示。
The system combines data on clients" banking activities, with public data on company ownership and directorships, to flag desirable potential clients to HSBC staff and offer ways to connect to them through existing relationships.	该系统兼有客户银行活动数据和某公司持股人以及董事的公开数据，以识别出目标潜在客户并推给汇丰银行员工，还提供通过已有关系联系客户的方式。
Using data and artificial intelligence to try and boost revenues is part of HSBC's broader push to squeeze more out of its large physical network and client data, a key priority for interim Chief Executive Noel Quinn.	以数据和人工智能意图提高营收是汇丰银行欲更好利用其庞大实体网络和客户数据而作出的进一步努力之一，也是临时首席执行官诺埃尔·奎因（Noel Quinn）的第一要务。
"It's one of the first commercial uses of investment in financial crime prevention, and the business we're getting in this way is inherently lower risk and quicker to win," said Stuart Nivison, HSBC's global head of client network banking.	“其是预防金融犯罪投资中首次投入商业使用的项目之一，以此方式开展的业务从根本上风险较低、更容易成功，”斯图尔特·尼维森（Stuart Nivison）表示，其是该行客户网络银行全球主管。
HSBC declined to comment on how much it expects to make from the new system but said the broader "network income" initiative has already yielded hundreds of millions of dollars in additional revenue.	该行拒绝评论新系统可能带来的营收，但表示进一步的“网络收入”行动已产生数亿美元资金和额外营收。
The drive is an important part of the bank's efforts to defend its global presence at a time when some analysts and investors are saying it should shrink or exit markets like the United States where it makes returns below its cost of capital.	汇丰银行在美面临亏损，而某些分析人士和投资者表示其应该解体或退出诸如美国之类的市场。此时该行付出的努力作为其全力捍卫全球地位的一部分就显得尤为重要。
HSBC was forced to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in financial crime compliance as part of a $1.9 billion settlement in 2012 with U.S. authorities over the bank's failure to prevent money laundering by drug cartels though its Mexican unit.	2012年，汇丰银行和美国政府就其未能阻止贩毒团伙通过其墨西哥网点洗钱达成19亿美元的和解协议。作为协议的一部分，该行不得不投资数亿美元于金融犯罪合规。
The system works by mapping individual customers" and companies ties to each other and then looking for unusual patterns of transactions or unearthing previously unknown connections between those entities.	此系统工作机制如下：绘制个人客户和公司之间的关系网，然后分析出不正常交易模式或者发现上述实体之间未曾有过的联系。
That system has already freed up more than 400 staff to go from manually checking transactions and records to client-facing roles where they can spend time helping customers, said Adrian Rigby, chief operating officer of HSBC's trade business.	此系统使得该行无需动用400多名员工手动核查交易和相关记录，而令其转向面对面服务客户的岗位，留出时间帮助客户，阿德里安·里格比（Adrian Rigby）表示，其是该行贸易业务首席运营官。
HSBC's Nivison said the lightbulb moment was realizing the tool could be repurposed to look for "green flags" of attractive potential clients rather than "red flags" of wrongdoing.	该行尼维森表示，我们的初衷是通过重整该工具以发现有利之处——吸引潜在客户，而非逾越红线。
"We took our customer dataset and combined it with (Britain's) Companies House data and turned the algorithm around to look for attractiveness in a client, whether that be through sector, growth of the company, and connection to existing clients," Nivison said.	“我们将客户数据库和英国公司登记局（Companies House）的数据合并，并以此算法转向分析目标客户，无论是通过领域划分、公司业绩增长还是与已有客户的关系。”尼维森表示。
The tool has mapped 22.5 million entities and people in Britain, and can identify in three minutes a network of connections that a staff member would have taken three hours to map out manually, he said.	此工具已绘制出英国2.25千万个体与实体的关系网，3分钟内便可识别出某一个关系网，而动用一名员工手动识别则可能要耗费三个小时，他表示。
Iran was promised that 'all' US sanctions would be lifted in return for talks, Rouhani claims	鲁哈尼称伊朗得到承诺，美国将解除“所有”制裁以换取谈判
European nations were so eager to negotiate with Iran that they suggested the US would end its sanctions regime if Tehran was willing to engage in dialogue, President Hassan Rouhani has said.	伊朗总统哈桑·鲁哈尼表示，欧洲国家迫切希望与伊朗谈判，乃至提议，只要德黑兰愿意进行对话，美国将解除对伊朗的制裁。
According to Rouhani, European signatories of the 2015 nuclear deal urged him to meet with US President Donald Trump, promising that Washington would lift "all" sanctions in return.	据鲁哈尼所言，2015核协议的欧洲签署国敦促他与美国总统唐纳德·特朗普会面，并承诺作为回报，华盛顿会解除“所有”制裁。
"Three out of the six countries, that is the chancellor of Germany, prime minister of Britain, and president of France, all insisted for the meeting to be held, saying that the US would lift all sanctions," stated the Iranian president.	伊朗总统表示：“六个国家中有三个国家，即德国总理、英国首相和法国总统，坚持举行会议，并称美国将解除所有制裁。“
He said he rejected the proposal because, "under sanctions and maximum pressure," it would have been impossible to predict the end result of any negotiations.	他说他拒绝了这个提议，因为“在制裁和极端压力下”，不可能预测任何谈判的最终结果。
Trump quickly denied that he had offered Iran any relief, tweeting that Tehran had asked him to lift sanctions as a prerequisite to talks, but that he had "of course" refused.	特朗普迅速否认了他曾提出对伊朗解除制裁，并发表推特说，德黑兰向他要求解除制裁，作为会面的先决条件，但他“当然”拒绝了。
In his statement, Rouhani also said that numerous countries were on Iran's side during their one-on-one talks on the sidelines of the UNGA. "We discussed various issues with various countries, and all of them condemned the United States" withdrawal from the JCPOA and its pressures. This is a huge success for Iran."	鲁哈尼还在声明中说，在联合国大会间隙一对一谈话的时候，很多国家支持伊朗。“我们与各国讨论了各种问题，他们所有人都谴责了美国退出联合全面行动计划及其施加的压力。这对伊朗而言是个巨大的成功。“
Dog control laws to be reviewed in government consultation	政府咨询将重审犬只管理条例
Dog control laws in Scotland are being reviewed amid concerns about out-of-control animals and irresponsible owners.	鉴于失控动物和失职饲主所引发的担忧，苏格兰正在重审其犬只管理条例。
A consultation has been launched by the Scottish Government seeking the public's views.	苏格兰政府已开始咨询公众意见。
Scotland's Community Safety Minister pledged to "keep communities safe from irresponsible owners," with reviews to determine whether laws for out-of-control dogs need changing.	苏格兰社区安全事务次官承诺“保护社区免受失职饲主的伤害”，重审失控犬只法律，以确认是否需要修改。
Ash Denham MSP said: "We are holding two reviews into dog control legislation because we are absolutely determined to help keep communities safe from irresponsible owners and their out-of-control dogs.	苏格兰议会议员Ash Denham说：“我们将两次重审犬只管理法规，因为我们下定决心要确保社区免受失职饲主和其失控犬只的伤害。”
"This consultation seeks views on improvements on how the Control of Dogs Act 2010 can operate across Scotland, and next year we will take a wider look at all dog control legislation to assess whether changes are needed.	“本次咨询目的在于征求意见，以改进《2010犬只管理法》在全苏格兰的推行。明年我们会更广泛地重审所有犬只管理法规，评估是否需要进行修改。”
"Owning a dog brings with it certain responsibilities, including keeping your dog under effective control, and I encourage everyone with an interest in this area to respond to our consultation."	“拥有一只狗带来了相当的责任，包括如何有效管理你的狗。我鼓励所有对此感兴趣的人积极响应我们的咨询活动。”
The consultation runs until January 15 and contains proposals to toughen and clarify the current legislation, including questioning whether a national dog control database should be created.	此次咨询将持续至1月15日，包括一些加强和澄清现有法规的提案，其中也针对是否需要建立全国犬只管理数据库提出疑问。
The Scottish Parliament's Post-Legislative Scrutiny Committee has been hearing evidence from victims and parents of children who have been attacked or killed by dogs, prompting the Government to review dog control laws.	苏格兰议会立法后审查委员会长期听取关于被犬只攻击或杀害的受害人及儿童父母的证词，促使政府重审犬只管理法律。
MSPs were told the legislation needs urgent reform to protect vulnerable people and children.	苏格兰议会议员获悉，相关法律急需改革，以保护弱势群体和儿童。
The committee heard that, in Greater Glasgow and Clyde alone, there were 1,417 people arriving at A&E departments with dog-related injuries, 255 of them children, last year.	委员会听说，去年仅在大格拉斯哥及克莱德地区就有1417人因犬类相关伤害到访急诊室，其中255人为儿童。
NHS Lanarkshire treated 912 people and NHS Ayrshire 439, both four-year highs.	拉纳克郡国家医疗服务体系治疗了912人，埃尔郡国家医疗服务体系治疗了439人，均创四年历史新高。
In July, the committee's MSPs concluded current dog control legislation is not fit for purpose and called on the Scottish Government to undertake a comprehensive review of all dog-control laws.	委员会议员在7月得出结论，目前的犬只管理法规没有达到目的，并呼吁苏格兰政府全面重审其所有犬只管理法律。
Convener Jenny Marra said: "Dog law in Scotland is not fit for purpose. There are still far too many dog attacks on children and little enforcement or understanding of the current laws that might prevent these attacks.	召集人Jenny Marra说：“苏格兰的犬只法规达不到它的目的。现在还有太多犬类袭击儿童的案例，而很少人能执行或者了解可能阻止这类袭击的现行法规。”
"It has become clear that current dog control law doesn't work. It needs reform urgently so that out of control and dangerous dogs can be dealt with properly and we can try to move to a system that prevents our children being injured by dogs."	“很明显，现有的犬只管理法律并没有起作用。它急需改革，这样我们可以恰当地处理失控及危险犬只，构建一个保护孩子免受犬只袭击的系统。”
The consultation, launched on the Government's website on Friday, says: "Effective and consistent enforcement across Scotland is fundamental in helping address issues relating to out-of-control dogs.	此次咨询于周五正式登陆政府网站，并表示：“在全苏格兰进行有效且持续的执法，对解决失控犬只相关问题至关重要。”
"This review is focused on steps that can be taken to help aid enforcement agencies such as local authorities, as they use their powers to help keep communities safe."	“这次审核的重点是如何一步步帮助地方当局等执法机构使用他们的权力确保社区安全。”
Saudi Arabia To Offer Tourist Visas For First Time, Abolish Abaya Rule	沙特阿拉伯将首次开放旅游签证并废除罩袍规定
Visas in Saudi are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims.	目前，沙特签证仅限于侨居工作者及其亲属、以及穆斯林朝圣者。
Saudi Arabia said Friday it will offer tourist visas for the first time, opening up the ultra-conservative kingdom to holidaymakers as part of a push to diversify its economy away from oil.	沙特阿拉伯于星期五表示，作为推动石油依赖型经济转向多元化的举措之一，其将首次开放旅游签证，为度假者打开极端保守王国的大门。
Kickstarting tourism is one of the centrepieces of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 reform programme to prepare the biggest Arab economy for a post-oil era.	刺激旅游业发展是沙特王储穆罕默德·本·萨勒曼（Mohammed bin Salman）为建立“后石油时代”之下阿拉伯国家中最强盛经济体而推出的“2030愿景”改革计划核心之一。
The announcement comes just two weeks after devastating attacks on Saudi Arabia's oil infrastructure -- blamed by Washington on Iran -- which roiled global energy markets and raised fears of a wider regional conflict.	此消息恰好于沙特石油设施惨遭破坏之后两周传出。华盛顿以此谴责伊朗，全球能源市场因此遭到重创，有人担忧地区矛盾也会因此扩大。
"Opening Saudi Arabia to international tourists is a historic moment for our country," tourism chief Ahmed al-Khateeb said in a statement.	“向国际游客开放沙特，对我们国家可谓历史性时刻。”沙特旅游部长艾哈迈德·哈提卜（Ahmed al-Khateeb）在一讲话中表示。
"Visitors will be surprised... by the treasures we have to share -- five UNESCO World Heritage Sites, a vibrant local culture and breathtaking natural beauty."	“游客将会赞叹不绝……我们展示的珍宝包括五处联合国教科文组织（UNESCO）世界遗址、活力四射的本土文化和让人流连忘返的自然美景。”
Saudi Arabia will open applications for online tourist visas to citizens of 49 countries on Saturday, Bloomberg News quoted Khateeb as saying.	据彭博社援引哈提卜的说法，沙特将于星期六对49个国家的游客开放在线旅游签证的申请。
Khateeb said the kingdom will also ease its strict dress code for foreign women, allowing them to go without the body-shrouding abaya robe that is still mandatory public wear for Saudi women.	哈提卜表示，沙特也将放宽对外国女性的衣着规定，允许其无需如本国女性必须穿戴包裹全身的公共服饰——罩袍（Abaya）。
Foreign women, however, will be required to wear "modest clothing," he added, without elaborating.	然而，外国女性穿着必须“得体”，他补充道，并对此没有过多解释。
Visas in the desert kingdom, endowed with rich bedouin heritage and archaeological sites, are currently restricted to expat workers, their dependents and Muslim pilgrims travelling to holy sites in Mecca and Medina.	这个沙漠王国拥有许多贝都因文化遗产和考古遗址，但其签证却仅限于侨居工作者及其亲属，还有前往麦加和麦地那圣地的穆斯林朝圣者。
In a rare move, Saudi Arabia last year began issuing temporary visas to visitors to attend sporting and cultural events in a bid to kickstart tourism.	沙特去年破天荒开始为参与运动会和文化活动的游客发放临时签证，以期刺激旅游业的发展。
But the austere kingdom, which forbids alcohol and has a strict social code, is seen by many as a hard sell for tourists.	但沙特社会呆板严肃，包括禁止饮酒以及社会制度森严，许多人认为其并不会受到游客欢迎。
Prince Mohammed is seeking to change that through a sweeping liberalisation drive that has brought new cinemas, mixed-gender concerts and sporting extravaganzas to Saudi Arabia.	穆罕默德王子试图借助大规模的自由化扭转现状，下令国内可以开办影院、举行男女共同参加的音乐会和体育盛会。
International criticism of the kingdom's human rights record, including the gruesome murder last year of critic Jamal Khashoggi and a crackdown on female activists, could further put off foreign visitors, observers say.	观察人士表示，国际社会对沙特人权纪录的批评，包括去年评论家贾迈勒·卡舒吉（Jamal Khashoggi）遭恐怖谋杀以及对女权运动者的镇压，更让外国游客反感沙特。
Fears of a regional conflict after the September 14 attacks on state oil giant Aramco may also dampen the kingdom's appeal to holidaymakers.	9月14日的国有石油巨头阿美公司（Aramco）遇袭事件之后，地区矛盾的担忧也让沙特对度假者的吸引力黯淡不少。
The government, reeling from low oil prices, says it hopes tourism will contribute up to 10 percent of the gross domestic product by 2030, compared to three percent currently.	沙特政府惨遭油价下滑的打击，表示期望到2030年旅游业占国内生产总值（GDP）的比例可以从目前的3%提高到10%。
It says by 2030 it aims to attract up to 100 million annual visits by both domestic and foreign tourists.	其还表示，到2030年，力求每年吸引的国内外游客数达到1亿人次。
But the kingdom currently lacks the infrastructure to accomodate visitors in such high numbers, with officials estimating 500,000 new hotel rooms will be required nationwide over the coming decade.	但是，目前沙特国内缺乏容纳大量游客的基础设施。为此，官方预计接下来十年全国需要新增五十万套客房。
The sector is expected to create up to one million tourism jobs, the government says, as it battles high youth unemployment.	沙特政府表示，预计旅游业会创造一百万个相关的工作岗位，以缓解年轻人居高不下的失业率。
Saudi Arabia has splurged billions in an attempt to build a tourism industry from scratch.	沙特耗资数十亿资金，意图从无到有促成旅游业的繁荣。
In 2017, the kingdom announced a multi-billion dollar project to turn 50 islands and other pristine sites on the Red Sea into luxury resorts.	2017年，沙特宣布一耗资数十亿美元的工程，以将红海50个岛屿以及其他的未开发地区变成奢侈旅游景点。
Last year, construction of Qiddiya "entertainment city" was launched near Riyadh, which would include high-end theme parks, motor sport facilities and a safari area.	去年，靠近利雅得的Qiddiya娱乐城开始施工，其将包括高端主题公园、机动体育设施和野生动物园。
The country is also developing historic sites such as the centuries-old Mada'in Saleh, home to sandstone tombs of the same civilisation which built the Jordanian city of Petra.	沙特也正开发历史文化景点，如历史悠久的马拉因萨利赫，那里是砂岩古墓聚集地，和约旦古城佩特拉同属一种文明。
Facebook hides 'likes' in new Australia trial	Facebook在新的澳大利亚体验版中隐藏“点赞”功能
Facebook has begun hiding the number of "likes" for posts in Australia, it said today, a trial designed to ease social pressure that could be rolled out worldwide.	Facebook今日表示，已经在澳大利亚体验版本中隐藏帖子下面的点赞量。这一版本旨在缓解社交压力，可能推行至全球范围。
Account holders across the country will also be blocked from viewing the number of reactions and video views on other people's posts from today, but will still be able to see how people respond to their own.	今日起，澳大利亚全国的Facebook用户将不再能看到其他人帖子下的反应次数和视频观看次数，但还是可以看到别人对自己帖子的反应。
"We don't want Facebook to feel like a competition," the company said in a statement.	该公司在一份声明中表示：“我们不希望上Facebook变成一种较量。”
"This is a test to see how people engage with this new format. We hope to learn from this over time in order to see if we will roll this out more broadly," it said.	声明表示：“这是一个测试，我们希望看一下人们如何参与到这种新形式中。随着时间的推移，我们希望能够了解我们是否要把这种形式推广到更大范围。”
More than one billion people use Facebook worldwide, but the social media giant has come under pressure to combat the platform's impact on mental health.	全球有超过10亿Facebook用户，但这家社交媒体巨头需要解决他们对心理健康的影响，因此正承受着巨大压力。
In Australia, one in five children report experiencing cyberbullying, according to the country's eSafety commissioner.	澳大利亚网络安全专员表示，在澳大利亚有五分之一的孩子报告遭受网络欺凌。
Facebook's decision comes after it launched a trial in July to hide "likes" on the company's other major social media platform, Instagram.	7月，Facebook在公司另外一个主要社交媒体Instagram上测试了隐藏点赞量后，做出了这一决定。
What began as a test on Instagram in Canada was expanded to Australia, Brazil and several other major markets.	Instagram的测试在加拿大开始，后扩展至澳大利亚、巴西和其他几个主要市场。
The Facebook trial was described as "a limited test in order for us to get some early learnings."	Facebook试验被描述为“一个小范围试验，帮助我们获得早期反馈。”
"While this has been testing on Instagram, Facebook and (Instagram) are different surfaces and we will likely see different data come from this test," the company said.	公司表示：“虽然这已经在Instagram上测试过，Facebook和（Instagram）是不一样的平台，我们可能会从这次测试中收获不一样的数据。”
The social media giant did not confirm how long the trial would run for.	这家社交媒体巨头没有确认测试会持续多久。
"We want to understand from people whether removing the total counts improves their experience, while also not limiting any positive interactions," said Mia Garlick, of Facebook Australia.	澳洲Facebook的Mia Garlick说：“我们想从人们那里了解移除总数量是否可以改善他们的体验，同时又不影响任何积极的互动。”
Lorenzo strengthens into Category 4 hurricane east of Caribbean	飓风洛伦佐在加勒比海以东增强为4级飓风
Hurricane Lorenzo strengthened into a Category 4 storm Thursday, producing swells that could affect parts of the Windward Islands and South America, the National Hurricane Center said.	国家飓风中心表示，飓风洛伦佐周四增强为4级飓风，产生的涌浪可能影响向风群岛和南美部分地区。
The eye of the major hurricane was about 1,660 miles southwest of the Azores in the NHC's 11 p.m. EDT update. The storm was moving north-northwest at 14 mph with 145 mph maximum sustained winds.	国家飓风中心晚11点EDT报道，主飓风的风眼位于亚速尔群岛西南约1660英里处。风暴以14英里/小时的速度向西北偏北移动，最大持续风速为145英里/小时。
The storm isn't forecast to make landfall in the coming days, though a turn toward the northeast Saturday could bring Lorenzo near the Azores in the middle of next week. Forecasters predict the storm will weaken below Category 3 on Monday.	虽然周六往东北方向的转向可能导致洛伦佐下周周中靠近亚速尔群岛，但预计风暴不会在未来几天内登陆。预报员预测，周一风暴会减弱至3级以下。
Swells generated by the storm could cause life-threatening surf and rip currents in the Windward Islands and northeastern South America.	风暴引发的涌浪可能在向风群岛和南美东北部产生威胁生命安全的海浪和激流。
Lorenzo is the season's second Category 4 or higher storm. Dorian reached Category 5 status near the Bahamas.	洛伦佐是本季第二个4级以上风暴。多里安在巴哈马群岛附近达到了5级。
According to Colorado State University Meteorologist Philip Klotzbach, the Western Hemisphere, which encompasses the Atlantic and eastern Pacific basins, has generated 16 named storms since Aug. 21.	根据科罗拉多州立大学气象学家Philip Klotzbach，涵盖大西洋和东太平洋海盆的西半球自8月21日以来已形成16个命名风暴。
"This is the most on record for the Western Hemisphere between Aug. 21-Sept. 23, breaking the old record of 15 named storms set in 1984 and 2002," he wrote on Twitter.	他在推特上写道：“这是每年自8月21日至9月23日之间，西半球记录风暴数量最多的一次，打破了1984年及2002年15个命名风暴的旧记录。”
Patriot missile system to Saudi Arabia after Iran oil attacks	伊朗袭击石油设施，“爱国者”导弹系统部署沙特
U.S. Soldiers talk after a routine inspection of a Patriot missile battery at a Turkish military base in Gaziantep, Turkey.	土耳其加济安泰普军事基地，美国士兵在例行检查“爱国者”导弹发射装置后交谈。
The Pentagon on Thursday announced that the U.S. will send a Patriot missile battery, radars and roughly 200 support personnel to Saudi Arabia in the wake of the attacks on its oil facilities earlier this month.	美国五角大楼周四宣布，因本月早些时候沙特石油设施受到袭击，美国将向沙特派遣一套“爱国者”导弹发射装置、雷达，以及大约200名支持人员。
Defense Secretary Mark Esper has "approved putting additional forces on prepare to deploy orders," Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman wrote in a statement. "While no decision has been made to deploy these additional forces, they will maintain a heightened state of readiness."	五角大楼发言人乔纳森·霍夫曼在一份声明中写道，美国防部长马克·埃斯珀已“批准增派部队为部署命令做准备”，同时，“目前尚未决定如何部署增援部队，但他们将保持高度战备状态。”
Those additional forces include two Patriot missile artillery batteries and one Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD missile defense system.	增援部队包括两套“爱国者”导弹发射装置和一套末段高空区域防御系统，即“萨德”（THAAD）导弹防御系统。
THAAD, one of the world's most advanced missile systems, can target incoming missiles and blast them out of the sky. THAAD interceptors, fired from a truck-based launcher, use kinetic energy to deliver "hit to kill" strikes to ballistic threats.	“萨德”是全球最先进的导弹系统之一，可瞄准来袭导弹并在空中将其摧毁。车载式发射架发射的“萨德”拦截弹可利用动能“击杀”弹道导弹威胁。
"It is important to note these steps are a demonstration of our commitment to regional partners, and the security and stability in the Middle East. Other countries have called out Iranian misadventures in the region, and we look for them to reinforce Saudi Arabia's defense," Hoffman wrote.	“需要注意到的是，如此举措体现了我们对区域伙伴及中东安全和稳定的承诺。其他国家让我们看到了伊朗在该地区造成的灾难，我们希望这些能加强沙特的防御。“
President Donald Trump slammed Iran's alleged role in the attacks on Saudi oil facilities, telling world leaders at the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday that they should pressure Tehran into diplomatic talks.	美总统特朗普在周二的联合国大会上猛烈抨击伊朗在沙特石油设施袭击事件中扮演的角色，并号召各国领导人向德黑兰施压，迫使伊方进行外交谈判。
"All nations have a duty to act," Trump said regarding his call to counter Iranian behavior. "No responsible government should subsidize Iran's bloodlust. As long as Iran's menacing behavior continues, sanctions will not be lifted, they will be tightened."	“所有国家都有义务采取行动，”特朗普在谈到他呼吁对伊朗行为进行还击的时候说到，“任何负责任的政府都不应该资助伊朗的暴行。只要伊朗不停止威胁行为，制裁将一直存在，并不断追加。“
The Sept. 14 strikes on the world's largest crude-processing plant and oil field forced Saudi Arabia to shut down half of its production operations. The drone attacks triggered the largest spike in crude prices in decades and renewed concerns of a budding conflict in the Middle East. While Tehran has been widely blamed for the attacks, it maintains that it was not involved.	世界最大原油加工厂和油田于9月14日遭受的袭击，迫使沙特削减了一半的石油生产业务。无人机袭击事件引发了几十年来最大幅的原油价格飙升，并再次引发了对中东冲突初现的担忧。尽管德黑兰被广泛指责为此次袭击的罪魁祸首，但其坚称自己并未参与其中。
Skydiver dies after crashing into big rig trailer on California highway	跳伞运动员在加州高速公路撞上卡车不幸身亡
The 28-year-old woman was skydiving with a group of seven people around 2 p.m. Thursday, California Highway Patrol PIO Ruben Jones told CNN.	加州高速巡逻队公共信息官（PIO）鲁本·琼斯（Ruben Jones）告诉CNN，这位28岁的女性于周四下午2点与7人一起跳伞。
The group took off from the Lodi Parachute Center. CNN has reached out to the facility for comment.	他们从洛迪（Lodi）降落伞中心起飞。CNN已与该降落伞中心联系请求置评。
Conditions were windy, and the woman crashed into the truck during the skydiving group's descent near the Lodi Airport, Jones said.	琼斯（Jones）表示，当时风很大，这组人员在洛迪机场附近下降时，这名女子撞上了卡车。
The station spoke to Lisa Reyes, who was driving with her father and brother on Highway 99 when the woman crashed.	警方与丽莎·雷耶斯（Lisa Reyes）沟通，当时她与父亲和兄弟正驾驶于99号公路。
"The way the person was struggling, just struggling against the wind and their body was just moving really, really fast," she told the station.	她告诉警方，“那个人在空中挣扎着，努力抵抗大风，身体移动得非常非常快。”
'Hideous' Central Coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court	“骇人听闻”中海岸身穿伪装服的儿童强奸犯被勒令出庭直视受害者
Dressed in a leafy Ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12-year-old from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's Central Coast in May 2017.	2017年5月，该男子穿着树叶吉利伪装服，将当时只有12岁的少女从后面抓住并拖进灌木丛中，当时女孩正在前往中海岸学校的途中。
He then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her.	然后他将女孩绑在树上实施了性侵。
Shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation.	抓捕之后不久，警察在家中执行了搜查令，查获了一些与调查相关的物品。
The man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between August 2016 and April 2017.	该男子承认了七项与这次攻击相关的指控，以及在2016年8月和2017年4月，对另一名11岁女孩进行引诱和性虐待相关的三项指控。
The 12-year-old victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife.	12岁的受害人当时正沿着一条小路行走，当她回头时，看到他突然从草丛中出现，手中拿着一根大树枝和一把刀。
An example of a camouflage Ghillie suit the man used.	男子所穿的伪装吉利服示例。
When she pleaded "stop, stop, stop," he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub.	当她哀求说“停下、停下、停下”时，他按住她的头，将她强行拖入灌木丛。
The man told the girl: "Shhh, don't scream. Don't scream or I'll have to hurt you."	男子对女孩说：“嘘，别叫。别叫，不然我只能伤害你了。”
Holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour. After he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school.	他的右手拿着小刀，用绳结捆住她的手脚，然后绑在树上，对她施暴了几乎一个小时。在他松开她后，女孩痛哭着跑向学校。
The man arrived at work about 9.30am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues.	上午9点30分左右，男子并未回复同事的几条短信和来电，就赶到了办公室。
With dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment.	因为衣服上沾着泥土、青草和树上的东西，他声称自己遇到了路怒事件，将另一名司机追赶到灌木丛中，并摔倒在路堤上。
The man's sentencing hearing continues on Tuesday.	该男子的宣判听证会将于周二继续。
No federal charges in fatal California police shooting	加利福尼亚警察枪击案致死，无联邦指控
Federal authorities declined to pursue civil rights charges Thursday against Sacramento police officers who fatally shot an unarmed black man, a killing that sparked protests and spurred changes to a state law governing when authorities can use deadly force.	萨克拉门托警员射死一名手无寸铁的黑人男子，引发抗议。人们要求修订州法案，规定当局在哪些情况下可以使用致命武力手段。周四，联邦调查局拒绝对涉案警员提起民权诉讼。
The U.S. Attorney's Office and the FBI said a federal review of the 2018 shooting of 22-year-old Stephon Clark found "insufficient evidence" to pursue charges against Officers Terrance Mercadal and Jared Robinet. Both will be returned to active duty.	美国联邦检察官办公室及联邦调查局表示，他们审查了2018年的22岁青年斯蒂芬·克拉克枪击案，发现“证据不足”，无法起诉警员特伦斯·梅卡达尔及贾里德·罗比内。两位警员都将返岗。
The California attorney general's office in March declined to issue state criminal charges after a nearly yearlong investigation. Attorney General Xavier Becerra said then evidence showed the officers had reason to believe their lives were in danger because he was advancing toward them holding what they thought was a gun. Investigators found only a cellphone.	经过一年调查，3月，加州总检察长办公室拒绝提出刑事诉讼。总检察长哈维·贝塞拉表示，有证据表明，当时警方有理由相信自己受到生命威胁，因为他们认为斯蒂芬·克拉克正持枪接近。而调查人员仅发现一部手机。
Sacramento police also announced Thursday their internal investigation did not find any policy or training violations.	周四，萨克拉门托警察局还宣布，内部调查中没有发现违反政策或培训的行为。
"Although no policy violations occurred in this incident or in the events leading up to it, we are committed to implementing strategies that may prevent similar tragedies in the future," Sacramento Police Chief Daniel Hahn said in a statement.	萨克拉门托警察局局长丹尼尔·哈恩表示：“尽管此次事件及其前期事件中没有出现违反政策的行为，但我们仍将努力采取措施，避免此类惨剧再度发生。”
Clark's brother, Stevante Clark, posted on Facebook Thursday that he was in a meeting with federal and local authorities. "These people have failed when it comes to (accountability)," he wrote.	克拉克的哥哥斯蒂凡特·克拉克周四在社交网站Facebook表示，他正与联邦及地方当局会面。他称：“这些人一点也不负责任。”
Authorities have said the officers believed Clark was approaching them with a gun after he ran from them into his grandparents" backyard. The officers had been pursuing Clark after receiving calls about someone breaking car windows and an elderly neighbor's sliding glass door.	当局表示，克拉克逃到祖父母家后院以躲避警方追捕，之后警方以为他是持枪接近。警方之所以追捕克拉克，是因为接到电话报案，称有人砸破车窗及隔壁老人的玻璃推拉门。
The officers shot Clark seven times as he approached them.	当克拉克走近时，警察向他开了7枪。
The federal investigation looked at evidence such as witness statements, audio and video recordings, dispatch records, police reports, and autopsy reports to determine whether the officers acted willfully with the intent to use objectively unreasonable force.	联邦调查人员检查了目击者证词、音频及视频记录、派遣记录、警局报告、验尸报告，以确定警方是否故意使用客观上不合理的武力。
Lawmakers last month updated the nation's oldest law governing police use of deadly force, making it now among the country's most comprehensive when combined with additional training.	上个月，立法者们修订了全国最古老的法律，即对警察使用致命武力手段的管制。该法若与培训相结合，将成为现今全国最全面的法律之一。
California's old standard made it rare for police officers to be charged following a shooting and rarer still for them to be convicted. It was based on the doctrine of "reasonable fear," meaning if prosecutors or jurors believed officers had a reason to fear for their safety, they could use lethal force.	依照加利福尼亚的旧标准，警察极少因枪击被指控，更不会被判刑。旧标准基于“合理恐惧”的说法，意味着如果检察官或陪审员相信警察有理由认为自己的安全受到威胁，他们就可以采取致命措施。
The new law, which takes effect Jan. 1, will allow police to use deadly force only when "necessary" to defend against an imminent threat of death or serious injury to officers or bystanders.	1月1日起生效的新法律则规定，警察只有在“必要”的情况下，即对其或旁人有明显的致死致伤威胁时，才可以诉诸致命武力手段。
Pope warns tech execs to use AI for the common good	教皇警告科技高管使用人工智能当谋求人类共同利益
Pope Francis on Friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good.	周五，教皇方济各警告科技公司高管、外交家及金融家，人工智能及其他数字发展的创造，如果不能伴以对人类共同利益的伦理评估，则将加剧社会不公平现象。
Francis addressed a Vatican conference that brought government envoys and Facebook and Google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists. A smattering of academics and Catholic bishops rounded out participants at "The Common Good in the Digital Age" conference.	梵蒂冈举行的一次会议，聚集了各国使节、Facebook及谷歌代表、哲学家、物理学家、伦理学家。方济各在此次会议上致辞。众多学者及天主教主教也共同参与了此次《数字时代的共同利益》会议。
The three-day gathering is the latest evidence of the Vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence.	此次会议持续三天，是最近一次梵蒂冈在关于人工智能利弊的讨论中为自己争取一席之地。
The debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the Christchurch, New Zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage.	论题包括战争中的科技进步和对机器与日俱增的依赖，还分析了新西兰基督城屠杀一案，以及屠杀视频流传开后社交软件公司所作的决策。
In his speech to the conference, Francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor. But he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor.	方济各在讲话中赞扬了科技进步的潜力，指出工业革命之初，机器使得工人们得以摆脱危险单调的工作。同时他也提出警告，因为追求利益而日益依赖机器人，将剥夺人们劳动的尊严。
"If technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress," he warned. "If mankind's so-called technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest."	他警告道：“如果科技进步逐渐加剧不平等现象，那就不是真切实际的进步。如果人类所谓的科技进步是成为共同利益的敌人，那将使人类不幸退回到强者决定一切的野蛮状态。”
Organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants" expertise identify possible future advisers for the Catholic Church on high tech issues.	会议组织者表示，他们希望深入了解与会者专长，为天主教会未来的高科技顾问拟定人选。
The House voted Friday to block the national emergency declaration President Donald Trump is using to fund his proposed border wall.	众议院于周五进行投票，废止了总统唐纳德·特朗普为争取资金修筑边境墙而颁布的“国家紧急状态”行政令。
The Democratic-held chamber passed a resolution to terminate Trump's action by a 236-174 margin, sending it to the president. Eleven Republicans and one independent supported it. The Senate already approved the measure in a 54-41 vote, as 11 Republicans joined Democrats in backing it.	民主党控制的众议院以236票赞成、174票反对的优势通过了一项决议，废止特朗普行政令，并已将其发送给总统。11位共和党人和1位独立人士对此表示支持。参议院在早前以54票比41票通过了这项决议，共有11位共和党人支持民主党这一提议。
Trump will likely veto the resolution, the sixth time he will have blocked congressional legislation as president. He already vetoed a measure to end the emergency declaration in March.	特朗普很可能行使总统否决权，这将是他成为总统以来第6次否决国会立法。他早在三月已动用否决权，否决国会终止紧急状态。
Neither chamber of Congress appears to have the two-thirds majority needed to override the president's opposition.	国会参众两院似乎都没有三分之二的支持以推翻总统的否决。
Failing to get the funding he desired for borders on the southern border from both the Mexican government and Congress, Trump declared the national emergency in February. His administration plans to pull $3.6 billion from military construction to fund border projects.	特朗普未能从墨西哥政府和国会获得他想要的南部边境建墙资金，随即在2月宣布国家紧急状态。特朗普政府计划从军事建设中抽调36亿美元用于边境项目。
Democrats have accused Trump of both circumventing Congress' power of the purse and raiding key Defense funds for unnecessary barriers. A handful of Republicans in both the House and Senate also had concerns about the precedent Trump's declaration would set for executive overreach in the future.	民主党指责特朗普绕过国会正常拨款程序，并掠夺重要国防基金用于建设不必要的边境墙。参众两院也有少数共和党人对特朗普总统的行政越权表示担忧。
Some Senate Republicans facing elections next year have faced sharp political pressure over the national emergency vote.	部分明年即将面临大选的参议院共和党人在废止“国家紧急状态”行政令投票一事上受到了严峻的政治压力。
Google Marks Its 21st Birthday With a Doodle: All You Need to Know	划重点：谷歌以涂鸦纪念21岁生日
Google is marking its own birthday today with a doodle. The doodle features a photo of a 90s' style computer with Google search page and date stamp for September 27, 1998, surrounded by confetti in Google colours. A smaller doodle with number 21 as candles, as a part of Google logo, shows on the search results page. The search giant was founded 21 years ago in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, then students at Stanford University in California. September 27 is, however, not Google's actual birthday.	今天谷歌以涂鸦纪念21岁生日。涂鸦以一张充满九十年代风格电脑的照片为主体，上有谷歌搜索页的绘图，并附上一日期戳记——1998年9月27日，谷歌式色调的五彩纸屑撒于其间。另一较小的涂鸦则将数字“21”作为蜡烛融入谷歌标志，展示于谷歌搜索结果页面中。作为搜索引擎巨头，其于1998年由当时的加州斯坦福大学学生拉里·佩奇（Larry Page）和谢尔盖·布林（Sergey Brin）创立。不过，9月27日却并非谷歌真正的生日。
If you take the company's incorporation date as its birthday, then Google was born on September 4, 1998, however, the company never celebrated the day as its birthday, at least not in the form of a doodle. Google celebrated September 7 as its birthday in doodles until 2005, following which it switched to September 27.	如果将公司合并日期视为诞生之日，则谷歌应诞生于1998年9月4日。但谷歌从未将其作为生日纪念，至少没有以涂鸦的形式。 谷歌2005年之前将9月7日视为生日并作涂鸦纪念，之后才改为9月27日。
Initially, the search engine was called "BackRub" and it was later renamed "Google."	刚开始，谷歌不称为“谷歌”，而称为“BackRub”，之后才改名。
"We chose our systems name, Google, because it is a common spelling of googol, or 10100 and fits well with our goal of building very large-scale search engines," Sergey Brin and Lawrence (Larry) Page wrote in 1998 in a paper published about launching a prototype of a "large-scale search engine."	“我们取googol（10100）的常见拼写，将我们的系统命名为谷歌（Google），完美契合我们想建立超大规模搜索引擎的目标，“谢尔盖·布林和劳伦斯（拉里）·佩奇1998年于一篇关于“大规模搜索引擎”原型的论文中写道。
The company got its start thanks to Sun co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim who invested $100,000; in June 1999, the company had raised a $25 million round from Sequoia Capital and Kleiner Perkins. Google moved to its Mountain View location in the same year, where it remains. In 2001, the company was granted a patent for its technology.	该公司因太阳计算机系统公司联合创始人安迪·贝希托尔斯海姆（Andy Bechtolsheim ）10万美元的投资开始起步。1999年6月，该公司从红杉资本（Sequoia Capital）和凯鹏华盈（Kleiner Perkins）筹得2500万美元风投。同年谷歌总部迁至山景城，并保持至今。2001年，该公司因其技术获批专利。
What started out as a Web search engine has since turned into a massive conglomerate that calls itself Alphabet and Google is a subsidiary company. Today, Google operates all over the world in over 100 languages, answering trillions of search queries each year.	最初以网页搜索引擎起家的公司，如今蜕变成大型控股集团Alphabet，而谷歌则是其子公司。今天，谷歌以100多种语言遍及全球，每年处理上万亿计的搜索查询。
"The relentless search for better answers continues to be at the core of everything we do," Google writes on its Our Story page. "Today, with more than 60,000 employees in 50 different countries, Google makes hundreds of products used by billions of people across the globe, from YouTube and Android to Smartbox and, of course, Google Search. Although we've ditched the Lego servers and added just a few more company dogs, our passion for building technology for everyone has stayed with us - from the dorm room, to the garage, and to this very day.	“以无止尽的搜索探寻更好的答案，是我们所做一切的不变内核。”谷歌在其“我们的故事”页面写道。“今天，谷歌拥有6万名来自50个不同国家的员工，开发了上百种拥有全球数十亿用户的产品，从YouTube到安卓再到Smartbox，当然还有谷歌搜索。虽然我们弃用了Lego服务器，仅仅又多了几只狗狗，但我们仍然信守最初的执念——为每一个人打造科技——从寝室到停车场，再到当下。
Oil falls after Iran claims US offered to remove sanctions, Trump denies	伊朗声称美国提出取消制裁，油价下跌，特朗普否认伊方说法
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani makes a speech during a ceremony in Tehran, Iran on January 10, 2019.	2019年1月10日，伊朗总统哈桑·鲁哈尼在德黑兰举行的一场仪式上致辞。
Oil slid after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani claimed Friday that the U.S. offered to remove all sanctions on Iran in exchange for negotiations. President Donald Trump and the State Department later denied those claims, causing oil to rebound from the lows.	伊朗总统哈桑·鲁哈尼周五声称美国提出取消对伊朗的所有制裁以换取谈判，导致油价下跌。但随后美国总统唐纳德·特朗普及国务院否认了这一说法，油价随即低位反弹。
WTI crude futures were last down by 0.9% to $55.91 after falling as low as $54.79. Brent crude futures dropped 1.4% to $61.89.	WTI原油期货最新下跌0.9%至$55.91，此前曾跌至$54.79。布伦特原油期货下跌1.4%至$61.89。
"The German chancellor, the prime minister of England (Britain) and the president of France were in New York and all insisted that this meeting take place. And America says that it will lift the sanctions," Rouhani said on his official website, according to Reuters. "It was up for debate what sanctions will be lifted and they (the United States) had said clearly that we will lift all sanctions."	据路透社消息，鲁哈尼在其官方网站上表示，德国总理、英格兰（英国）首相和法国总统都在纽约，他们都坚持要举行这次会议。美国也表示将取消制裁，“具体取消哪些制裁存在争议，他们（美国）已经明确表示将解除所有制裁。”
Trump later said he responded "of course, NO!" to Iran who he said wanted him to lift the sanctions in order to meet.	但特朗普随后表示，伊朗方面希望他取消制裁来换取会面，但他对伊方的回应是“当然不！”
The State Department called the report "baseless," adding the U.S. is committed to zero oil exports from the Iranian regime, Bloomberg News said.	据彭博社消息，国务院评价该报道“毫无根据”，并补充称美国坚持实现伊朗石油零出口。
Rouhani's comment came after a series of drones attacked oil facilities in Saudi Arabia on Sept. 14, which had forced the kingdom to cut production in half. The U.S. and some European countries, as well as Saudi Arabia, have blamed the attack on Iran. Tehran has denied any role in the incident. The Trump administration also announced plans to deploy U.S. forces to the region.	鲁哈尼发表上述评论之前，就在9月14日，沙特阿拉伯的石油设施遭受了一系列无人机袭击，迫使沙特石油产量减半。美国和一些欧洲国家以及沙特，指责伊朗为幕后黑手，而德黑兰则否认与袭击有关。特朗普政府还宣布了美军部署该地区的计划。
The State Department didn't immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment.	CNBC请求国务院对该事件作出评价，国务院没有立即回应。
"There's been a big bearish risk from a thaw in the US Iran situation for some time and this will put a remarkable amount of oil back onto the market immediately if it were to occur," said John Kilduff of Again Capital.	Again Capital的约翰·基尔达夫表示，一段时间以来，美伊局势缓和导致很大的看跌风险，一旦真正缓和，会有大批石油马上重新涌入市场。
"It's not just Iranian production and exports. Its' millions of barrels in floating storage and millions of barrels sitting in China's ports waiting to be processed by customs," Kilduff said.	基尔达夫指出，这不仅关系到伊朗的生产和出口，还关系到浮式储油装置中的数百万桶，以及在中国港口等待海关处理的数百万桶原油。“
Trump last year withdrew the U.S. from a nuclear deal between Iran, the U.S. and five other countries that removed sanctions from the country in return for its commitment to end its nuclear.	特朗普去年使美国退出了伊核协议，该协议主要内容为美国和其他五个国家解除对伊朗制裁以换取伊朗终止其核项目。
The Islamic Republic, a target of U.S. sanctions for decades, was blamed by Washington for recent attacks on oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz, which Tehran denies. Iran also shot down a U.S. military drone and announced plans to execute 17 suspected U.S. spies.	美国数十年来持续制裁伊朗，华盛顿指责伊朗袭击霍尔木兹海峡的油轮，德黑兰予以否认。伊朗还击落了一架美国军用无人机，并宣布计划处决17名可疑美国间谍。
Afghanistan boosts security for presidential election	阿富汗加强总统选举安保工作
A massive security operation is in place across Afghanistan for the country's presidential election on Saturday.	阿富汗全国各地正在为周六举行的总统选举开展大规模的安保行动。
About 100,000 security personnel are to guard polling stations in the wake of Taliban threats.	在塔利班的威胁之后，约有10万名安保人员将保护投票站。
The fear of reprisals means many voters - particularly in rural areas - will stay at home, while others say the voting system favours the powerful, not the poor.	因为害怕遭到报复，许多选民——尤其是农村地区的选民，会待在家中。还有一些人说，投票系统偏向的是权贵，而不是穷人。
Royal news: How Princess Beatrice "reacted with fury at hostile family members"	皇室新闻：比亚特丽斯公主如何“愤怒回应充满敌意的家族成员”
On Thursday, The Duke and Duchess of York announced that their eldest daughter, Princess Beatrice, is engaged to her boyfriend, the 34-year old property tycoon Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The Princess, who is ninth-in-line to the throne, will tie the knot with Mr Mapelli Mozzi next year. The couple said in a statement: "We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together.	周四，约克公爵及公爵夫人宣布他们的长女比亚特丽斯公主与34岁的房产大亨Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi订婚。公主为英国王位第九号继承人，明年将与Mapelli Mozzi先生喜结连理。他们在声明中表示：“能够携手开启这段人生探险，我们都很激动。
"We share so many similar interests and values, and we know that this will stand us in great stead for the years ahead, full of love and happiness."	“我们有非常多共同爱好和价值观，这会在未来的岁月中让我们过得幸福美满。”
Princess Beatrice's parents, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, also shared their excitement.	比亚特丽斯公主的双亲，安德鲁王子和莎拉·佛格森心情同样激动。
The Duchess of York wrote on Twitter: " I know what a mother feels so I have tears of joy. I am so proud of this sensational news.	约克公爵夫人在Twitter上表示：“我明白作为母亲的感受，所以我喜极而泣。我为这次造成轰动的新闻感到骄傲。
"Andrew and I are just the luckiest people ever to have two great sons in law."	“有这样两个优秀的女婿，安德鲁和我真是全世界最幸运的人。”
The royal wedding will be another occasion for the entire Royal Family to get together, and hopefully completely repair Fergie's relationship with the Duke of Edinburgh.	这场皇家婚礼将成为皇室成员的再次聚会，并有望修复菲姬与爱丁堡公爵的关系。
Since Sarah was embroiled in one of the Royal Family's biggest ever scandals, her relationship with the rest of the members has been extremely difficult.	由于莎拉卷入皇室有史以来最大的丑闻之一，她与皇室其他成员的关系一直极度紧张。
Five months after announcing she was separating from Prince Andrew in 1992, compromising photographs of her with her "financial advisor" were taken at her holiday villa in St Tropez.	1992年，在她宣布与安德鲁王子离婚五个月后，流出她在圣特罗佩与其“财务顾问”的不雅照片。
The snaps appeared to show Texan millionaire John Bryan kissing and sucking the Duchess" toes and the arch of her foot, and Prince Philip in particular, is said to have had the strongest reaction to her daughter-in-law's scandalous antics.	照片中，德克萨斯州百万富翁John Bryan亲吻并吮吸公爵夫人的脚趾和足弓。据说菲利普亲王尤其对其儿媳的丑态表现出极为强烈的反应。
However, his behaviour was reportedly "appalling" towards the Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice once claimed her mother was the victim of "mean spirited actions to make her feel unwelcome."	不过，据报道，他对待约克公爵夫人的方式“骇人听闻”，比亚特丽斯公主曾声称母亲遭受了“刻薄的精神折磨，让她感觉不受待见”。
JUST IN: Kate and William behind closed doors: Couple's shock habit exposed	最新消息：紧闭的大门之后：凯特和威廉夫妇惊人习惯曝光
The report noted that the Duchess" spokesman was unable to comment on the claims, but a friend of Fergie was quoted as saying: "It is no secret that Sarah's daughters are pretty fed up by the way their mother has been treated by some members of the Royal Family.	报道指出，公爵夫人代言人无法对这些说法发表评论，但报道援引菲姬一位友人表示：“莎拉的女儿受不了皇室成员对待她母亲的方式，这本来就不是什么秘密。
"Some of the bills she has been sent have been pretty miserly.	“寄给她的帐单，有的实在少得可怜。
"They are constantly berating their father for allowing it to happen and Beatrice in particular has been imploring Prince Andrew to see that their mother is not treated as an outcast."	“他们不断责怪她们的父亲，认为他不该让这一切发生。尤其是比亚特丽斯，她一直恳求安德鲁王子，不要让她的母亲被当成一个遭到放逐的人。”
Philip and Sarah were pictured for the first time together in 26 years at Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank last October.	去年十月在尤吉尼公主的婚礼上，菲利浦和莎拉26年以来第一次同框合影。
The Next Big Labor Strike Hits Oregon	俄勒冈州面临下一场大罢工
The state university workers" most pressing complaints center on low wages and a lack of dignity at work. The pay disparities alone are shocking. About half of these workers earn less than $40,000 per year (and hundreds make less than $25,000). Meanwhile, university presidents" annual salaries average out to $500,000 and four university athletics coaches are pulling down a cool $1 million. While school administrators enjoy six-figure salaries and overall administrative spending continues to bloat, one in six classified staffers qualify for food stamps.	大学工作者对低工资及缺少工作尊严提出最严厉的控诉。仅工资差异一项就令人震惊。大约半数员工年收入不足四万美金（数百人不到两万五千美金）。同时，校长年均收入为50万美金，四位大学运动教练甚至赚到可观的100万美金。学校行政工作者享受高达6位数的工资，总体行政花销持续上涨。与此同时，六分之一分类员工可领取政府资助的食品券。
As Alejandro Segurra, another IT worker at Portland State University, said, "I'm willing to go on strike because I don't think it's fair that people are paid wages that don't allow them to live in the city that they serve." Portland State library worker Theresa Stapleburg was even more direct: "I want to strike because I've been here 24 years, and I need a raise - a living wage."	波特兰州立大学另一位IT工作者Alejandro Segurra说：“我愿意参加罢工，因为我觉得所发工资无法让人在他们工作的城市生活，是不公平的。”波特兰州立大学图书馆馆员Theresa Stapleburg更为直接：“我想罢工，因为我已经在这24年了，我要加薪。”
As inflation climbs and the cost of living in Oregon soars, these workers are being left to flounder, and management has shown little sympathy for their plight. Contract negotiations that began in February broke down in mid-August. At that point, the bosses had laid out some particularly egregious proposals - a paltry cost-of-living increase, a denial of seniority demands from long-term university workers, and a price hike for staff meals - that workers saw as disrespectful, and even cruel. "There is an unwritten class system at the universities," Fulmer said. "And we are at the bottom of it."	随着通货膨胀加剧，俄勒冈州生活成本飙升，这些员工开始挣扎，而行政管理层对他们的困难没有半点同情。二月开始的合同谈判于八月中旬告吹。当时，老板们提出了令人震惊的建议，增加了一点微不足道的生活费，拒绝大学长期员工的资历要求，员工餐价格大涨。员工们感到这些建议十分无礼，甚至残忍。Fulmer说：“大学中有一个不成文的阶级系统，而我们在这个系统的最底层。”
"Education workers have been under attack for decades," he continued. "We are finally standing up and fighting back. It's one thing to see classism and the squeezing of the middle class in the corporate world as executives see their relatively obscene pay continue to go up at rates above inflation. But for the same thing to be happening in education is not something workers will continue to tolerate."	他接着说：“教育工作者已经遭到数十年的攻击，我们现在终于站起来反抗。这是阶级的表现，在企业世界中对中产阶级进行压榨，而高管们的工资，却比通货膨胀涨得还快。但教育界工作者不会容忍同样的情况发生。”
And Oregon's state university workers aren't the only ones taking action. Oregon is a powder keg of militancy right now, and its fuse is now burning bright and hot. Grocery store workers at the Fred Meyer supermarket chain are ramping up their campaign against their employer, and while there are no official plans to strike yet, tensions are running high; their union, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 555, has already called for a boycott, and filed an unfair labor practice report against the chain.	俄勒冈州州立大学员工并非孤军奋战。俄勒冈州现在是个火药桶，急欲求战，燃烧正炽。Fred Meyer连锁超市的杂货店员工正加大对雇主的打击力度。虽然目前没有正式罢工计划，但气氛越来越紧张。他们的555食品与商业工人联合会已经呼吁会员开始抵制，并针对连锁店提出不公平劳动实践报告。
In the healthcare sector, the 4,500 members of the Service Employees International Union Local 49 workers at Kaiser Permanente authorized a strike (with a 98 percent approval rate) if a deal isn't reached before their existing contract expires in October - which was only narrowly avoided with a new tentative agreement. Elsewhere in the industry, the Oregon Nurses Association, which represents more than 120 nurses at Astoria Hospital, has been deadlocked in contract negotiations with the hospital administration; their last contract expired in May, and the clock is ticking.	在医疗保健领域，49服务业从业人员国际联合会的4500名凯撒医疗集团员工同意（98%同意率），如果在当前合同结束的十月之前，没有达成协议，他们将进行罢工。因最后双方达成了新的临时协议，这才勉强避免了这一罢工。业内其他方面，俄勒冈州护士协会代表Astoria医院的120多名护士与医院行政层进行合同谈判，陷入僵局。他们上一份合同5月到期，现在时间很紧张。
"Oregon has a really strong labor movement that is really building from the ground up," Burley explains. "This is a part of the national wave of labor growth. People are seeing a precarious economy where real wages are falling and the solution is collective action in the workplace."	Burley解释道：“俄勒冈州有强有力的工人运动，它真的是从零开始的。这是全国劳动力增长浪潮的一部分。人们看到了一种危险的经济，实际工资下降，而解决方案，是在工作场所采取集体行动。”
It's unclear just how deeply such collective action may take root this fall, but it certainly would be fitting if the general strike returned to the Northwest in 2019. And from there we can only hope that its spirit will spread even further, into the heart of Midwestern farming, Southern manufacturing, Texan oil fields, Appalachian coal mines, Northeastern construction, the Silicon Valley tech giants, and everywhere in between. Lord knows that something's gotta give.	这种群体行动今秋将如何站稳脚跟，还不清楚。但如果2019年再次发生西北大罢工，这一行动就很合适。我们只能期望，这种精神会由此传播开来，传播到中西部农场、南部制造业、德克萨斯州油田、阿巴拉契煤矿、东北建造业、硅谷科技巨人，以及其间的各行各业。上帝知道，必须要有妥协。
Civility in Politics: New awards scheme set up to counter Westminster division and recognise politicians who show courtesy	政治文明奖：设立新奖项以解决西敏寺分裂，表彰礼貌政治家
A new awards scheme has been set up to recognise politicians who show courtesy in their work.	一个新奖项已被设立，用以表彰在工作中彬彬有礼的的政治家。
It comes after a divisive week in Westminster following the return of Parliament.	此事发生在国会回归，西敏寺经历充满分裂的一周之后。
It was marked by threats against MPs and outrage over the language used by the likes of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.	为此张本的，是议员面临的威胁和首相鲍里斯·约翰逊的遣词用语所引发的的愤慨。
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.	为了对抗分裂，周五国会宣布设立“政治文明奖”，年度获奖官员将得到3000英镑，用于慈善捐款。
Boris Johnson has been criticised for the tone of language he has used in the Commons chamber	鲍里斯·约翰逊因在下议院的言语问题受到批评
Lord Stewart, announcing the awards, said: "Everyone agrees that politics in the UK is facing a crisis of trust and a crisis of civility.	斯图亚特勋爵宣布奖项设立时说：“所有人都同意英国的政治现在面临着信任危机和文明危机。”
"As divisions and bitterness mount in the continuing debates around Brexit, we strongly believe that politics has to respond not by mirroring these trends, but by bucking them.	“随着脱欧辩论中不断出现分歧和激愤，我们坚信政治不应该随波逐流，而是逆流而上，反抗这些趋势。”
"These awards are a small attempt by a group of people in public life - of different and no political persuasions - to shine a spotlight on politicians who argue their case with decency and civility, and are able to engage and work with people across the divides that affect us all."	“这些奖项是一群公务人员的初步尝试。他们有不同的看法，但绝无任何政治说服目的。他们想要通过奖项让大家注意到那些用文明得体的方式陈述自己观点的政治家，那些能够求同存异，合力并进的政治家。”
Nominations will open on Saturday, with an award ceremony in March next year.	提名将于周六开始，明年三月举行颁奖典礼。
In an exclusive interview with the Standard, former Cabinet minister Amber Rudd today accused Mr Johnson of deploying aggressive language that "does incite violence."	"今天在接受《Standard》报纸独家专访时，前内阁大臣安伯·拉德指责约翰逊先生使用“煽动暴力”的攻击性言论。
Mr Johnson, for his part, said he "deplores" threats made against MPs.	约翰逊先生则表示他“强烈谴责”针对议员的威胁。
Jess Phillips 'frightened' after receiving 'be afraid' death threats	杰西·菲利普斯收到要她“害怕”的死亡威胁后“吓坏了”
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."	周四，另一位批判了约翰逊先生的人、工党议员杰西·菲利普斯表示，一男子因试图在她选区办公室“踢门”被捕，并称当时该男子称她为“法西斯主义者”。
Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson, meanwhile, was speaking to police following threats made to one of her young children.	与此同时，自由民主党领袖乔·斯温森有一个孩子遭到威胁，正与警方交流。
And in a viral Twitter thread, Ellie Cooper, the daughter of senior Labour MP Yvette Cooper, described her fears for her mother in the wake of Ms Cox's murder . She accused Mr Johnson of "using language that helps incite violence toward MPs."	在一条热门推特中，工党议员伊维特·库珀的女儿埃莉·库珀，描述了考克斯女士遇害后她对母亲的担忧。她指责约翰逊先生“使用的语言会煽动针对议员的暴力行为”。
Setting the example? Income inequality in the US is at an all-time high	树立榜样？美国收入不均衡创历史新高
Last year the income gap between richest and poorest people in the US stood at its highest level since 1967, the first year the Census Bureau started tracking it. DC and New York are among places where the differences are worst.	去年，美国最富有和最贫穷人群收入差距达1967年以来新高。1967年是人口普查局开始跟踪人均收入的第一年。华盛顿特区和纽约是收入差距最大的地区。
The US may be the world's wealthiest nation, but it is also one where the super-rich thrive no matter what while the desperately poor often rely on GoFundMe to pay their medical bills. The economic inequality affects both wealth and incomes, with the latter being at an all-time high.	美国也许是全球最富有的国家，但在这里，超级富豪无论何时都蓬勃发展，绝望的穷人却常常依靠GoFundMe平台来支付医疗账单。经济不平衡影响着财富和收入，而收入差距今创历史新高。
One way to measure income inequality is the Gini index. It measures between 0, a score for absolute equality and 1, which stands for a hypothetical situation in which a single household gets all income in a nation. The Census Bureau has been tracking the index for over 50 years. In 1967 it stood at 0.397 but, in 2018, it rose to 0.485, the highest figure on the record.	衡量收入不均衡的一种方法是基尼系数。基尼系数在0和1之间，其中0代表绝对平等，1则代表一种假设情况，即由一个家庭掌握全国收入。人口普查局已经对基尼系数进行了50多年的跟踪。1967年基尼系数为0.397，但到2018年，这个数值已攀升至0.485，创历史新高。
There are nations with worse income inequalities, including some with reasonably strong economies. For example, the World Bank estimates that South Africa's Gini index stood at 0.63 in 2014 while Brazil's was 0.53 in 2017. By comparison, all EU countries have a Gini index below 0.4.	有些国家的收入不均衡情况更加严重，其中一些国家的经济状况还相当好。比如，世界银行估计南非2014年基尼系数为0.63，而巴西在2017年为0.53。相比之下，所有欧盟国家的基尼系数均低于0.4。
The new data shows that income inequality is most acute in places where wealth is concentrated, including DC, New York and Connecticut, as well as in poverty-ridden areas like Puerto Rico and Louisiana. Utah, Alaska, Iowa, North Dakota and South Dakota had the most economic equality.	新数据表明，财富最集中的地区，包括华盛顿特区、纽约和康涅狄格，还有贫困地区，如波多黎各和路易斯安那，收入不均衡的情况最为严重。犹他州、阿拉斯加州、爱荷华州、北达科他州和南达科他州的经济最平衡。
The census also showed a stagnating growth of median household income, which grew to over $62,000. It's the highest level ever measured by the American Community Survey, but the increase was just 0.8 from 2017 to 2018, much smaller compared to increases in the previous three years and amounting to virtually no growth at all if adjusted to inflation.	人口普查局还显示，中位数段家庭收入增长停滞不前，目前增长至62000美元。这是美国社区调查得出的最高水平，但2017年至2018年间，增幅仅为0.8，与前三年相比非常小，如考虑通胀因素，则几乎没有实现任何增长。
The new statistics will likely put some wind into the sails of progressive Democratic contenders for the party nomination for next year's presidential election, who call for leaning on the super-wealthy individuals and on big corporations to pay more taxes.	对明年的总统选举来说，新的统计数据可能会为进步派民主党候选人的党内提名推波助澜，因为他们不断呼吁增加超级富豪和大型企业的税款。
It may also undermine the rationale behind the current administration's corporate tax breaks, which were passed through Congress in 2017. The goal was to convince multinationals to bring back manufacturing jobs as money trickles down to the middle and poor classes. In practice, it seems, it led to extra bonuses for executives and the rest of the country largely missing out on the benefits a growing economy and record low unemployment. Well, someone needs to pay for all those private jet trips.	这也可能颠覆国会2017年通过的本届政府企业减税政策的逻辑依据。这个政策的目的本是说服跨国公司重新将制造业工作带回国内，进而让财富流入中产和贫穷阶级。然而实践中，这似乎为高管们带来了更多的奖金，而这个国家的大部分人口却并没有享受到经济发展和失业率历史新低带来的利益。好吧，总有人要为那些私人飞机的来来回回买单。
North Carolina man wins five times in the same lottery drawing	北卡罗来纳州男子同一次彩票抽奖中五次中奖
A North Carolina man won five times in the same lottery drawing, including a $163,634 jackpot.	一北卡罗来纳州男子在同一次彩票抽奖中五次中奖，其中包括163634美元的头奖。
Add Lancaster of Pikeville told North Carolina Education Lottery officials he used five sets of his own numbers to buy a Cash 5 ticket with five plays for Monday night's drawing when he stopped at Wissam & Brothers Inc. in Pikeville.	Pikeville的Add Lancaster告诉北卡罗来纳州教育彩票官员，他在Pikeville的Wissam & Brothers Inc.停车时，用自己组合的数字买了5张周一晚开奖的Cash 5彩票。
"My wife writes down the numbers for me during the drawing," Lancaster said. "When she handed me the paper, so I could check my ticket, I couldn't believe it. One of my lines matched five numbers and the other ones matched four numbers. I started shouting, 'I got it! I got it! I hit the lottery!'"	Lancaster说：“我妻子在开奖的时候为我抄下了数字。她把纸条递来给我核对自己的彩票，我简直不敢相信。我有一组5个数字全中，其他的中了4个数字，我开始大喊：‘我中了！我中了！我中奖了！’”
Lancaster's line that matched all five numbers earned him the $163,634 jackpot, while the lines that matched four numbers each won $250.	Lancaster全中的5个数字为他赢得了163634美元的头奖，另外那些中了四个数字的各为他赢得250美元。
The winner said he plans to use the money to pay his bills and make some home repairs.	这位中奖人说，他计划用这笔钱支付账单，做些房屋维修。
Khloe Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson leaves ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram pic after rumours he wants her back	谣传科勒·卡戴珊的出轨前男友塔里斯坦·汤普森恳求其回心转意，男方再次一搏，评论女方Instagram照片
KHLOE Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson has left ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram page following rumours that he wants her back.	关于科勒·卡戴珊的出轨前男友塔里斯坦·汤普森恳求其回心转意的谣言出现后，男方再次奋力一搏，在女方Instagram照片下留言。
The 35-year-old star dumped the NBA player for good earlier this year after he was accused of cheating on her with family friend Jordyn Woods - having previously cheated when she was nine months pregnant with their daughter, True.	这名NBA球星在科勒怀有女儿True九个月时已经出轨，又被控与一家庭友人Jordyn Woods劈腿。之后，这位35岁女星在今年早些时候彻底与他分手。
Tristan was spotted leaving another gushing compliment on Khloe's Instagram page	粉丝发现塔里斯坦在科勒Instagram上再献殷勤
However, 28-year-old Tristan is refusing to give up without a fight - leaving a cringeworthy compliment on his ex's latest selfie.	然而，28岁的塔里斯坦并不打算不作挣扎就直接放弃，于是在前任科勒的最近一张自拍下留下了令人尴尬的溢美之词。
In the blurred snap, Khloe is stood in front of the rising sun, with the mum-of-one captioning the pic: "May you have the courage to explore every dream you dream."	在这张模糊的快拍中，科勒站在冉冉升起的太阳前，作为一个孩子的母亲配上文字说：“愿你有勇气探索你的每一个梦想。”
Publicly commenting, Tristan wrote: "The sun is shining bright on a beautiful [diamond emoji]."	塔里斯坦公开评论：“阳光照在美丽[钻石表情符号]上。”
Fans were outraged by the remark, with one replying: "Yeah, a diamond that you DROPPED."	该评论引起了粉丝的愤慨。一名粉丝回答道：“是的，你丢掉的一颗钻石。”
Tristan cheated on Khloe when she was nine months pregnant	科勒孕九月时塔里斯坦出轨
Another advised: "Just get off Instagram."	另一名粉丝建议：“别刷Instagram。”
A third wrote: "Don't fall for it Khloe."	第三名粉丝写道：“科勒，不要上当受骗。”
It comes just days after Tristan wrote: "Perfection" alongside the heart eye emojis underneath one of the reality stars other photos, which saw her modelling for Guess Jeans.	就在几天前，塔里斯坦看到了这位真人秀女星为Guess Jeans拍摄的模特照等几张照片，在下方评论“完美”，并加了一个心心眼表情符号。
Earlier this month, The Sun revealed that Tristan bought Khloe a £400,000 Porsche in a bid to win her back - on the advice of Drake.	《太阳报》本月初透露，塔里斯坦在公鸭Drake的建议下，为了让科勒回心转意，拍下一辆40万英镑的保时捷。
He was then accused of cheating again earlier this year - with Kardashian family friend Jordyn Woods	后来，今年前段时间，他再次被指控与卡戴珊家族的一位家族友人Jordyn Woods出轨
He settled on the grovelling gift, thought to be a 911, after being urged to pull a "power move" by his rapper pal.	在他的说唱朋友鼓励他采取“有力行动”之后，他选择了这个讨好礼物，据传为一辆911。
As a result, pals said Tristan even won an invite from Khloe to a 'Taco Tuesday' dinner at her mansion - bringing him one step closer to a reunion with the reality star and their 17-month-old daughter True.	结果，塔里斯坦的好友们说塔里斯坦甚至赢得了科勒的邀请，前去她的豪宅中参加周二墨西哥卷饼晚餐，使他有望与这位真人秀女星及自己17个月大的女儿True团聚。
A source said: "Tristan is good pals with Drake and has been using him as a sounding board as he plots his return to the Kardashian fold.	消息人士称：“塔里斯坦和公鸭是好友，塔里斯坦在与科勒复合一事上一直参考公鸭的意见。
Khloe was left heartbroken by Tristan's infidelity	塔里斯坦不忠，科勒心碎
"Drake told him to pull out all the stops if he wanted to win Khloe back.	“公鸭告诉他，如果要赢回科勒，就必须全力以赴。
"An invite to a casual dinner might not sound like a reasonable trade off for a sleek supercar.	“一顿便饭听起来可不值一辆时尚超跑。”
"But after what Tristan did, he can't expect Khloe to roll out the red carpet for him."	“但塔里斯坦做了那些事后，他不可能指望科勒给他特别礼遇。”
The pair are mum and dad to 17-month-old True	二人有一个17个月大女儿的True
Khloe Kardashian breaks down in tears and screams at cheating boyfriend Tristan Thompson in new Keeping Up With The Kardashians series 16 trailer	在新一期的《与卡戴珊同行》系列16集预告片中，科勒·卡戴珊因男友塔里斯坦·汤普森出轨而崩溃哭喊
The Sun revealed last month that Tristan planned to invite Khloe on a romantic trip to Greece after vowing: "I will get my family back."	《太阳报》上个月透露，塔里斯坦发誓“我一定会重新赢回我的家人”后，计划邀请科勒共赴希腊浪漫之旅。
Khloe has been left heartbroken by Tristan's repeated cheating throughout their romance, but still invited him to their daughter True's first birthday party earlier this year.	科勒因塔里斯坦在整段感情中反复出轨而心碎，但今年早些时候还是邀请他参加了True的一岁生日派对。
However, the star's family reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians later showed that the event ended with Khloe in tears as she struggled to come to terms with his infidelity.	但这位女星的家族真人秀《与卡戴珊同行》后来显示，派对结局是科勒被迫接受塔里斯坦不忠事实，留下伤心泪水。
Stem cells of 56 child cancer patients lost at Children's Hospital after freezer malfunction	儿童医院冷冻柜发生故障，56名儿童癌症患者干细胞被毁
A freezer malfunction at Children's Hospital Los Angeles resulted in the loss of 56 children's blood stem cells that were harvested at the beginning of each patient's oncology therapy and stored in the event they could prove useful in the future.	洛杉矶儿童医院冷冻柜发生故障，导致56名儿童癌症患者的干细胞被毁。这些干细胞是在每名患者的肿瘤治疗早期时被采集并保存的，以备将来使用。
"We apologize for any distress or confusion that this has caused our patients and their families," the hospital wrote in a statement. "If you have not received a letter or phone call from our team, your child is not impacted."	医院在声明中写道：“我们对在这起事件中感到忧虑以及受到困扰的病人及其家属表示道歉。您若没有接获本院的信函或电话通知，表示您的孩子未受影响。”
All but one patient had gone through initial therapy. That patient did require the recollection of stem cells, chief medical officer James Stein said.	除一名患者外，其余患者均已完成初步治疗。该患者的干细胞的确需要再次采集，首席医疗官詹姆斯·斯特恩说道。
A letter sent to families earlier in September informing them of the loss was accidentally addressed to the children - rather than the parents. The hospital has also apologized to parents for the messaging oversight.	早前于九月间，一封通知这些家庭关于干细胞丢失的信件，被错误地发给了孩子们，而不是他们的父母。医院也已就此疏忽向家长们道歉。
The hospital said that the loss of stem cells, which had been placed in long-term storage, has not jeopardized any child's health. The hospital has also offered to assist families who want to harvest again. But the process can be grueling.	医院方面表示，长期保存的干细胞被毁，并未对任何儿童的健康造成危害。同时，医院也表示会协助那些决定再次采集干细胞的家庭。然而整个过程会很艰辛。
One of the patients described it as "painful." Sean Anderson Corona, 13, underwent stem cell therapy when he was diagnosed with Stage 4 Neuroblastoma - a cancer often found in the adrenal glands. The boy was hooked up to machines for a daylong process that collects the stem cells from the blood. The blood is then reinfused back into the body.	其中一个患者将其描述为“很痛苦”。现年13岁的肖恩·安德森·科罗那，在被诊断出罹患神经母细胞瘤第4期后接受了干细胞疗法。神经母细胞瘤经常生长于肾上腺。这名男孩全天被连接到机器上，以便从他的血液中收集干细胞。随后，血液又被重新输回他的体内。
"I would try to sleep and my body would just start shaking, and then I just started to freak out and I'd start crying," Corona told ABC-7.	科罗那告诉ABC-7电视台：“我尝试睡觉，我的身体就会开始发抖。接着我就开始抓狂，大哭起来。”
Corona will be cancer-free for three years in November. But his mother, Elizabeth Anderson, said that she worries that if his cancer does return, it may be impossible to harvest more stem cells from his blood.	到今年11月，科罗那就三年没有复发癌症了。可是他的母亲伊丽莎白·安德森担心，如果他的癌症复发，可能无法从他的血液中采集更多的干细胞。
Stein said that the recollection of patients" stem cells would only be recommended in the event that they are needed in the event that the patient relapses.	斯特恩说，只有当患者的癌症复发时，才会建议再次采集他们的干细胞。
"We think that's going to be incredibly unlikely so we wouldn't ask anyone to do that in advance," he said.	他说道：“我们认为这种情况出现的可能性微乎其微，因此我们不会要求任何人提前进行采集。”
The freezer has since been replaced, and the sensor-monitoring and alert system have been upgraded.	冷冻柜随后已被替换，传感监测以及警报系统也已被升级。
"Obviously, this is a huge deal for us." Stein said. "We're reaching out directly to every single family in person to make sure that all their questions are answered."	斯特恩说：“显然这对我们来说是一起非常严重的事件。我们正在直接联系每一户家庭，当面确保他们的所有问题都得到回复。”
Prince Harry walks across Angolan minefield to reconnect with Princes Diana's legacy	哈里王子穿行安哥拉雷区，重新联系戴安娜王妃流传下来的精神
It's day six of the Duke of Sussex' royal tour of Africa with his wife Meghan and baby Archie. But Friday morning, Harry returned to Angola alone to reconnect with the legacy of his late mother, Princess Diana.	今天是苏克赛斯公爵与妻子梅根和儿子阿尔奇的非洲皇室之旅的第六天。但在周五早晨，哈里独自返回安哥拉，与已故的母亲戴安娜王妃的精神遗产重新联系在一起。
Diana's legacy was brought full circle when Harry donned the distinctive blue body armor of the HALO Trust. Twenty-two years ago, Diana took a similar path across an Angolan field scattered with deadly landmines, left over from years of civil war. It became one of the most iconic images of her short life.	当哈里穿上“光环信托”独特的蓝色护甲后，戴安娜流传下来的精神得到了完全的发挥。二十二年前，戴安娜曾以相似的路线穿过安哥拉雷区，里面遍布着多年内战留下的致命地雷。这成为她短暂的一生中最具标志性的形象之一。
Wearing protective body armor and a visor, Diana, Princess of Wales, visits a minefield being cleared by the charity Halo in Huambo, Angola, January 15, 1997.	1997年1月15日，威尔士王妃戴安娜身穿防护护甲和面罩，前往位于安哥拉万博市、正由慈善团体“光环”进行清理的雷场。
She was campaigning to rid the world of this weapon of war, but never lived to see her success, dying just months before an international treaty banned landmines in December 1997.	她一直在为世界废除这种战争武器而奔走活动，却没能活着见证她的成功。在她身亡仅数月后的1997年12月，便出台了一项禁止地雷的国际条约。
Over two decades later, the world is still not free of these devices. And echoing his mother, loud and clear, Prince Harry detonated a recently detected mine.	二十年过去了，世界依然没有摆脱这种设备。哈里王子引爆了一枚最近探测到的地雷，响亮地回应了他的母亲。
"Landmines are an unhealed scar of war," Prince Harry said. "By clearing the landmines we can help this community find peace, and with peace comes opportunity."	“地雷是一道无法愈合的战争伤痕。”哈里王子说。“通过清理地雷，我们能帮助这片社区寻求和平，而伴随和平的即是机遇。”
Prince Harry detonated a recently detected mine in Angola.	哈莉王子在安哥拉引爆了一枚最近探测到的地雷。
Thomas Cook pension trustees plot deal to salvage payouts	托马斯库克养老金信托设法抢救养老金支付
Thomas Cook's pension funds have kicked off talks with specialist insurers about a deal to salvage the collapsed travel group's retirement scheme benefits.	托马斯库克养老金基金已开始与专业保险公司谈判，以抢救该倒闭旅游集团的退休福利。
Sky News has learnt that Steve Southern, chair of the trustees, is holding talks with several parties about a buyout deal that would avoid most of Thomas Cook's 14,000 pension scheme members facing a steep cut to their payments.	天空新闻获悉，信托主席Steve Southern正与多方谈判，以达成控股权收购协议，避免大幅削减托马斯库克14000名养老金计划大部分成员的养老福利。
Any deal with an insurer would be likely to involve a more modest cut to payouts than the 10% triggered by a pension scheme's transfer into the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) lifeboat.	与保险公司达成的任何协议都可减少养老金的削减幅度，否则需将养老金计划的10%转入养老金保护基金（PPF）救生艇。
The discussions are at a very preliminary stage and - even if successful - will not result in a deal until after the Thomas Cook schemes have been through an assessment by the PPF.	谈判仍处于初级阶段，哪怕谈判成功，也要等到PPF评估托马斯库克养老计划后才可达成交易。
Thomas Cook bosses face investigation into what led to collapse	托马斯库克管理层面临破产原因调查
That period could take up to two years, and if the schemes do enter the PPF will result in roughly 10,000 future pensioners having their payouts cut by 10%.	该阶段可能长达2年，如养老计划最终加入PPF，这将导致约10000名未来的养老金领取人养老金减少10%。
Sources said that a number of pension risk transfer specialists, as well as at least one of the new "superfund" consolidation vehicles, were in talks with Thomas Cook's trustees about a deal.	有消息称，数名养老金风险转移专家以及至少一种新的“超级基金”合并工具正在与托马斯库克受托人就交易进行谈判。
News of the trustees' efforts to secure members' benefits comes four days after Britain's oldest tour operator ceased trading, sparking an international repatriation programme and triggering thousands of job losses.	这家英国旅行社鼻祖停止经营，引发了全球性的游客遣返，成千上万人失业。四天后，开始传出受托人正设法保障成员利益的消息。
Thomas Cook's descent into insolvency has sparked a bitter blame game, with board members, government ministers and auditors all facing demands to explain their actions in the months before its collapse.	托马斯库克的破产也引发了激烈的互相归咎。董事会成员、政府部长和审计师都被要求解释其在破产前几个月内的行动。
The company's four pension schemes are well-funded, with a £100m surplus on a PPF basis, according to the latest figures.	最新数据显示，该公司的四项养老金计划资金充裕，按PPF方案有1亿英镑盈余。
Collectively, they hold assets worth about £1.5bn.	公司拥有总计约15亿英镑资产。
However, as Sky News revealed last month, the trustees' demands for better terms in Thomas Cook's proposed rescue deal added a further complication to efforts to get the transaction across the line.	然而，正如天空新闻上个月透露的消息，受托人要求满足托马斯库克提出的救助计划中更有利的条款，为交易的顺利达成增添一重困难。
Thomas Cook's liquidation brought to an end 178 years of solvent trading, prompting the launch of inquiries by the government's Insolvency Service, the accounting watchdog and an influential committee of MPs.	托马斯库克的清算，为其178年的经营画上句号，也促使政府破产服务、会计监督机构及国会议员组成的重要委员会介入调查。
Ministers have established a taskforce to address the crisis, which has left creditors facing meagre returns from the post-insolvency sale of assets.	部长们建立了一个特别专家组以应对危机，让债权人获得破产后资产出售的微薄回报。
To date, just under half of Thomas Cook's overseas British customers have been flown home.	截至目前，滞留海外的托马斯库克英国游客中，近一半已飞回国内。
Its collapse came hours after Thomas Cook issued a last-gasp plea to its lenders to reduce a £200m funding demand.	托马斯库克最后一次向要求偿还2亿英镑的贷方请求减少偿还金额，未果之后数小时宣告破产。
What went so wrong for Thomas Cook?	托马斯库克到底错在何处？
The talks, which concluded without a deal on Sunday evening, represented a frantic last throw of the dice for a company which had been forced to seek more than £1bn in new funding following a £1.5bn half-year loss and deteriorating trading.	周日晚仍未达成任何协议的谈判，代表了这家公司最后的疯狂一搏。由于半年亏损15亿英镑以及经营情况不断恶化，该公司不得不寻求超过10亿英镑的额外资金。
Thomas Cook was founded in 1841 by a 32-year-old cabinet-maker and former Baptist preacher who began offering one-day rail excursions from Leicester to Loughborough for a shilling.	托马斯库克在1841年由一位32岁的橱柜制造商及前浸礼会牧师创立。他开始组织莱斯特到拉夫堡的火车一日游，收费1先令。
From there, it went on to become one of the world's largest holiday companies, marking its 175th anniversary three years ago.	自那以后，公司逐渐成为全球最大的旅游度假公司之一，三年前庆祝其成立175周年。
A PPF spokesperson said: "Insolvency events, like the liquidation of Thomas Cook, are exactly why the PPF was set up.	一位PPF发言人说：“破产事件，比如托马斯库克的清算，正是PPF成立的原因。”
"We are here to protect the financial futures of members belonging to defined benefit pension schemes and they should take comfort knowing we are here to protect them."	“我们存在的目的就是保护固定收益养老计划成员的金融期货。他们知道我们在保护他们，应该会稍感安慰。“
A spokesman for Thomas Cook's pension trustees declined to comment on Friday.	托马斯库克养老金信托发言人周五拒绝发表评论。
Adorable pictures show new-born rhino nuzzling her mother and exploring new home	初生犀牛依偎在母亲身旁探索新家，照片惹人爱
Baby Stella was welcomed into the world at Cotswold Wildlife Park, Oxfordshire, earlier this month and is the first female born to parents Monty and Ruby.	本月早些时候，牛津郡科茨沃尔德野生公园迎来犀牛宝宝Stella。她是父母Monty和Ruby的第一个女儿。
The youngster, who is healthy and nursing well, can be seen wondering about her enclosure before resting alongside her mother on a bed of straw.	我们可以看到小家伙身体健康，哺乳情况良好，在围栏内四处走动，最后在妈妈身边的干草堆上休息。
Mother Ruby joined the wildlife park in 2009 alongside another female called Nancy in the hope that one would produce the park's first ever calf with Monty.	妈妈Ruby和另一头母犀Nancy一起，在2009年来到这个野生公园，承载着与Monty共同产下公园的第一头幼仔的期望。
Nancy then gave birth to a female named Astrid in 2013, with Stella being the third female calf born at the park in its 49-year history.	Nancy在2013年产下一头名为Astrid的母犀，Stella则是该公园49年历史上出生的第三头母犀。
Jamie Craig, curator of Cotswold Wildlife Park, said: 'We have had tremendous success with our current rhino herd.	科茨沃尔德园长Jamie Craig说：'我们目前犀牛种群情况极佳。
'Stella is the sixth youngster from Nancy and Ruby and our bull, Monty, has proved to be an excellent dad.	'Stella是Nancy和Ruby的第六只幼仔，而我们公犀牛Monty的表现，证明他是一位好父亲。
'He is the perfect combination of a dominant bull and caring patriarch.	'他是优势雄犀和体贴家长的完美结合。
'It is particularly satisfying that Ruby has produced a female calf - these are vital for the development of the breeding programme and Stella will eventually move to another collection to hopefully become a successful mother herself.'	'Ruby产下母犀是一件特别令人满足的事——这对繁殖计划的发展十分关键，Stella最终会加入另一个动物园，但愿她也能成为一位成功的母亲。'
Ruby has had two boys before, Ian in 2015 and Alan in 2017. Alan is still at the park whilst Ian is in Torino Zoo in Italy	此前，Ruby已经产下两头雄犀，即2015年出生的Ian和2017年出生的Alan。Alan没有离开，Ian则在意大利的都灵动物园
When Alan was just one-week old he weighed around eleven stone.	Alan一周大的时候，体重大约11英石。
Births in captivity are considered extremely rare. Females only reproduce every two-and-a-half to five years, so the window of opportunity for successful reproduction is limited.	圈养犀牛的生产是极为罕见的。雌性每两年半到五年只生产一次，所以有机会繁育成功的时段非常有限。
According to the park, a typical gestation period lasts between sixteen to eighteen months, after which a single calf is born.	园方表示，其妊娠期一般为16至18个月，之后会有一头幼犀出生。
It is considered the longest gestation periods of any land mammal, surpassed only by the twenty-two month gestation period of an Elephant.	人们普遍认为这是陆生哺乳动物中妊娠期最长的一种，仅次于妊娠期为22个月的大象。
A newborn Rhino calf will stand up within one hour of birth. Once born, the calf will immediately attempt to suckle, although he or she may be a little unsteady on their feet for the first few days.	新生犀牛会在出生后一小时内站立。一旦出生，幼犀会立即试图吮吸。不过在初生前几天，幼犀可能还有点站立不稳。
It will remain under the watchful eye of the mother, suckling from her for approximately one year.	幼犀会在母亲的监护下，经历大约一年的哺乳期。
Their bond is an intensely strong one and the calf will remain with its mother for at least two years, benefiting from her protection. Females guard their offspring aggressively and are intimidating adversaries if challenged.	母子之间的关系极为紧密，幼犀会在母亲身边至少呆上两年，享受母亲的保护。雌犀积极地保护幼犀，如果遇到挑衅，会成为令人生畏的对手。
Incel virgin Alex Minassian told Toronto police he was part of 4chan group	“非自愿独身”处男亚历克斯·米纳西安告诉多伦多警方其是4chan团体的一员
Footage has emerged of a man alleged to have killed 10 pedestrians in Toronto telling police that he was part of an online group for sexually frustrated men.	录像显示，多伦多一名涉嫌杀害10名行人的男子告诉警方，他是性受挫在线小组的一员。
Alek Minassian, 26, said that he was part of the involuntary celibates (incel) forum on 4chan.	26岁的亚历克斯·米纳西安表示，他是4chan非自愿独身者(incel)论坛的成员。
He is now facing 10 counts of murder in Canada and 16 counts of attempted murder following the attack on April 23, 2018.	他在2018年4月23日实施袭击，现在面临加拿大10项谋杀罪和16项谋杀未遂罪。
When asked about the deaths, he told police: "I feel like I accomplished my mission."	当被问及死亡事件时，他告诉警方：“我觉得自己已经完成了使命。”
When the incident happened, it brought attention to the online world of loneliness, rage and misogyny.	事件发生后，人们开始关注网络世界的孤独、愤怒和厌女主义。
Minassian said that he had contact with a killer in California who was angry at women who had rejected him.	米纳西安说，他曾与加利福尼亚州的一名杀手接触过，这名杀手对拒绝他的女性十分愤怒。
He stands accused of driving a rental van into crowds of pedestrians in a busy north Toronto neighbourhood. Eight women and two men ranging in age from 22 to 94 died.	他被指控在多伦多北部一个繁忙的街区驾驶一辆出租货车撞向一群行人。8名女性和2名男性死亡，年龄22到94岁不等。
Minassian has yet to enter a plea. His trial begins in February, but a publication ban on his interrogation by police was lifted today. The police interview took place just hours after the attack.	米纳西安尚未进行辩护。他的审判从2月开始，但警方已于今日取消对发布其审讯内容的禁令。警方的审讯在袭击发生几小时后就开始了。
Minassian, who said he never had a girlfriend and was a virgin, acknowledged he used the van as a weapon and said he wanted to inspire more attacks.	米纳西安说，他从未有过女友，而且是处男，他承认将面包车作为武器，还表示他想引发更多的袭击事件。
He said: "I know of several other guys over the internet who feel the same way," but added that they are "too cowardly to act on their anger."	他说：“我知道网上还有其他人和我有同样的感觉，”但补充说，“他们太懦弱了，不敢在愤怒中行动。”
Minassian calls himself an "incel," short for "involuntary celibate." The incel movement is an online subculture linked to the deadly attack in Toronto as well as attacks in California and Florida. It promotes the misogynistic idea that men are entitled to have sex with women.	米纳西安自称“incel”，这是“非自愿独身者”的简称。非自愿独身者运动是一种网络亚文化，与多伦多的致命袭击事件和加利福尼亚州与佛罗里达州的袭击事件有关。他们宣扬男性有权与女性性交的厌女思想。
Over time, "incel" has become a buzzword for certain men infuriated at being rejected by women and prone to float ideas for violent payback, according to sociologists and others who study them.	据社会学家和研究这一群体的人说，随着时间推移，“非自愿独身者”已成为一种流行语，形容某些因为被女性拒绝而感到恼怒、并容易产生暴力复仇想法的男性。
Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more active sex lives.	在网络论坛上，持这类想法的群体有时会使用蔑视性俚语“Chad”和“Stacy”形容性生活活跃的男女。
Minassian said he discussed his sexual frustrations on the website 4chan, which has become notorious as a place for extremists to post their views.	米纳西安说，他曾在4chan网站上讨论过自己性生活受挫的问题，该网站是极端分子发表言论的臭名昭著的地方。
US theater chain bans dressing up for "Joker" screenings over fears of another shooting	美国院线恐再发枪击案，禁止在放映时打扮成“小丑”
The largest US independent theater chain won't let people in cosplay watch the critically acclaimed origin story of Batman supervillain "Joker." Face paint and masks are already banned, but safety fears still remain.	美国最大的独立院线禁止扮装者观看广受好评的蝙蝠侠超级反派“小丑”的起源故事。面部涂画和面具已被禁止，但安全隐患仍然存在。
Most US cinemas have banned masks, face paint and toy weapons after the 2012 mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, which happened during a screening of another Batman flick, "The Dark Knight Rises." The gunman wore a Joker costume when he went on a gun and tear-gas rampage, killing 12 people and injuring 70 others. Body costumes that don't hide a person's identity, however, have been generally allowed in theaters.	在科罗拉多州奥罗拉2012年发生的大规模枪击事件后，美国绝大多数影院已禁止面具、面部涂画和玩具武器。枪击案发生时，正在播放另一部蝙蝠侠电影《蝙蝠侠：黑暗骑士崛起》。持枪者身穿小丑戏服，开枪并投放催泪瓦斯，致使12人死亡，70人受伤。不过，影院通常会允许不掩盖个人身份的扮装。
However, Landmark Theaters has now announced that it will not allow customers to wear costumes during screenings of the R-rated "Joker."	然而，Landmark影院现已宣布，播放R级影片《小丑》时观众不可穿着小丑戏服。
"I want customers to be comfortable in their surroundings," Landmark President-CEO Ted Mundorff told the Hollywood Reporter.	Landmark总裁兼首席执行官Ted Mundorff告诉《好莱坞报道》：“我希望顾客处在一个舒适的环境里。“
The company is based in Los-Angeles and runs 52 theaters in 27 markets, which makes it the biggest specialized theater chain in the country.	这家公司总部位于洛杉矶，在27个市场拥有52家影院，为美国最大的专门院线。
Meanwhile, Kansas-based AMC Theatres, the largest chain in the country, reiterated its ban on "masks, face paint or any object that conceals the face," but said they will welcome viewers in costume.	同时，全国最大院线、总部位于堪萨斯州的AMC影院重申其对“面具、面部涂画和任何面部遮挡物”的禁令，但表示他们欢迎观众进行扮装。
The ban on masks and fake guns was mostly due to practical security reasons, but as the release of "Joker" draws closer, there are concerns that it may trigger a copycat gun attack. The LAPD said it would "maintain high visibility" around theaters on premier day, while Regal Cinemas, the second-largest chain in the country, said it was implementing security protocols developed "in collaboration with NATO."	针对面具和假枪的禁令主要是出于实际安全原因，但随着《小丑》的上映时间临近，人们担心电影可能会导致有人模仿片中的枪袭。洛杉矶警察局表示，首映日他们将会在影院周围“保持警方的高可见度“，而全国第二大院线Regal影院则表示，他们正实施“与国家影院业主协会合作”制定的安全规程。
The US Army went as far as advising service members to watch out for "incels," disgruntled males who can't get a date, who supposedly idolize the Joker and may mimic his brutal ways.	美国陆军甚至建议服役人员提防“非自愿独身者”，即因无法约会而心生不满的男性。他们可能崇拜小丑，并模仿他的残忍行径。
"Joker," which is directed by Todd Phillips and stars Joaquin Phoenix as the title character, is due to be released on October 4 in the US, and is expected to become a box office hit. It follows the descent of a socially isolated and mentally unwell person, as he becomes the mass-murdering, green-haired, pale-faced nemesis of Batman.	由Todd Phillips导演、Joaquin Phoenix主演的《小丑》定档10月4日美国上映，有望票房大热。电影讲述了一个社交孤立的精神障碍患者的故事。他最后谋杀了很多人，绿发白脸，成为蝙蝠侠的头号劲敌。
It received rave reviews at its Venice International Film Festival premiere this year, taking the top prize. The film is a psychological thriller loosely based on the comic book series. Some commenters voiced concerns that it may cause harm by depicting the protagonist in a sympathetic way and including graphic and realistic violence. However, the creative team behind it said their work is meant for mature audiences who are expected to be able to tell right from wrong.	《小丑》今年在威尼斯国际电影节首映，好评如潮，同时获得了最高奖项。这部心理惊悚电影大致根据同名漫画系列改编而成。有评论家表示担忧，影片以同情的口吻描述主角，并展示写实血腥暴力，可能产生恶劣影响。但是影片幕后创意团队表示，他们的作品面向成熟观众，他们应当能够明辨是非。
Midway Broadcasting announced today that its Chairwoman, Melody Spann Cooper is set to release her highly anticipated book to help female entrepreneurs and executives thrive in business. "The Girlfriend's Guide To Closing the Deal" shares insights on how women can use their voice to achieve equity at the negotiating table and advance their careers by using the female edition of the old-boy's network.	中途广播公司今天宣布，其女董事长麦乐迪·斯潘·库伯即将推出备受期待的新书，帮助女性企业家和高管在商业上繁荣发展。《女友指南：如何达成交易》分享了女性如何利用自己的声音实现谈判桌上的公平，以及如何运用女性身份发展传统男性的社交网络，进而推动职业生涯的进步。
Throughout the book, Spann Cooper uses anecdotal references to deal with challenging issues including the #MeToo movement and Hillary Clinton's Presidential defeat and its impact on fueling the female empowerment in America.	斯潘·库伯在整本书中引用趣事来处理富有挑战性的问题，包括#MeToo运动和希拉里·克林顿总统竞选的失败，及其对推动美国女权运动的影响。
The self-published book is the result of a groundbreaking self-entitled speech that Spann Cooper delivered as a keynote address at The National Association of Women Business Owners Conference in Chicago in 2017. The Girlfriend's Guide to Closing The Deal is written in a down-to-earth style that every "girlfriend" can relate.	这本个人出版的书是斯潘·库伯在2017年芝加哥女企业家全国协会会议上，所发表的开创性主题演讲的成果。《女友指南：如何达成交易》接地气的书写风格，让每位“女友”都能感到共鸣。
Christie Hefner, businesswoman and daughter of Playboy Founder, Hugh Hefner, says "The Girlfriend's Guide to Closing The Deal" is both highly entertaining and very helpful. Melody weaves together personal anecdotes, triumphs, and setbacks with useful lessons learned. From how to own your ideas in a meeting to when its time to "friend up," everyone can benefit from Melody's story."	花花公子创始人休·海夫纳的女儿、女企业家克里斯提·海夫纳说，《女友指南：如何达成交易》有很强的娱乐性，同时很有帮助。麦乐迪将个人的趣事、胜利、挫折与有益的教训交织在一起。从如何在会议中拥有己见到“交友”的时机，每个人都能从麦乐迪的故事中受益。
As Chairman of Midway Broadcasting Corporation, she joined an elite list of America's female broadcast owners after purchasing the company's controlling interest in 1999. Midway Broadcasting Corporation is a best-in-class female and family-owned media boutique whose properties include radio and interactive platforms.	在1999年收购公司的控制股后，她作为中途广播集团董事长，加入了美国女性广播公司企业主的精英名单。中途广播集团是一流的女性和家族式精品媒体，其产业包括广播电台和交互平台。
The book was co-written with T. Shawn Taylor, journalist, writer and founder of Tree Top Consulting, a full-service media consulting firm.	本书的联合作者是T·肖恩·泰勒，记者、作家和媒体咨询全程服务公司“树顶咨询”的创始人。
Romania Invests Billions in a Black Sea Military Base	罗马尼亚在黑海军事基地斥资数十亿
Romania will spend 2.5 billion euros to modernize the Black Sea military base as part of counteracting Russia's growing presence in the region, according to The Times, quoted by the FOCUS News Agency. Mikhail Koglignichanu Airbase, located about 200 km. east of Bucharest, will be aligned with NATO standards, as evidenced by documents published by local news sites. Up to 10,000 NATO F-35 soldiers and aircraft can be accommodated there. It is planned to become a "mini-city" for the military with kindergartens, sports clubs and a hospital.	FOCUS新闻援引《泰晤士报》称，罗马尼亚将斥资25亿欧元，用于黑海军事基地的现代化，与当地渐增的俄罗斯势力相抗衡。当地新闻网站所发布的文件显示，位于布加勒斯特以东约200公里的米哈伊尔·科格尔尼恰努空军基地将达到北约标准。它将能够容纳上万北约F-35军人及战斗机，计划成为军队的“迷你城市”，包含幼儿园、运动俱乐部及一间医院。
The base has already become a center of increased NATO activity in the Black Sea, which has become a key area of tension between Russia and the West. After Moscow annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, the Kremlin began to increase its naval presence in the Black Sea, using the deep-sea base in Sevastopol to carry out naval missions in Syria. Russia is also hampering shipping in the region and last year captured three Ukrainian ships in the Kerch Strait.	该基地已经成为一个活动中心，用以加强北约在黑海地区的活动，而黑海是俄罗斯与西方对峙的关键地区。2014年，莫斯科从乌克兰手里将克里米亚收入囊中之后，战列舰克里姆林开始在黑海区域增加，并利用塞瓦斯托波尔的深海基地在叙利亚执行海军任务。俄罗斯还妨碍该地区船只活动，去年在刻赤海峡扣押三艘乌克兰船只。
Romania and Bulgaria, located on the Black Sea coast, which in the past were allies of the USSR, have joined NATO and the EU since its collapse. In response to Russia's actions, they have asked the alliance to strengthen its presence in the region, writes The Times. In February, 500 US troops arrived at Romania's air base. An Eurofighter Typhoon fighter squadron of the British Air Force is stationed and deployed. Since April last year, these aircraft have repeatedly intercepted Russian fighter jets. Georgia, located on the eastern Black Sea coast, is also concerned about Russia's aspirations. It is not a member of the alliance, but is involved in NATO military exercises. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said during a visit to Tbilisi in March that the alliance was "preparing" Georgia for accession. Ukraine has also participated in NATO exercises in the region and has been developing its engagement with the Union since 2014.	罗马尼亚和保加利亚皆毗邻黑海，过去曾为前苏联盟友。前苏联解体后，二国加入了北约和欧盟。《泰晤士报》称，为回应俄罗斯的行动，他们要求联盟加强在该地区的兵力。2月，500名美军抵达罗马尼亚空军基地。一个英国皇家空军的台风战斗机中队也驻扎在此。自去年4月以来，这些飞机多次拦截俄方战斗机。格鲁吉亚位于黑海东岸，也为俄方意图感到担忧。格鲁吉亚并非北约成员，但也参与北约的联合军事演习。北约秘书长延斯·斯托尔滕贝格3月访问格鲁吉亚时表示，北约正在为格鲁吉亚的加入“做准备”。乌克兰也参与了北约在该地区的军演。自2014以来，乌克兰加强了与北约的接触。
Ukraine, the "New Berlin Wall," Once Again Lies at the Center of Scandal	“新柏林墙”乌克兰再次成为丑闻中心
Mr. Poroshenko's eagerness to win over Mr. Trump and his growing fears that political rivals would thwart his re-election opened the way for Mr. Giuliani to press Ukraine's prosecutor general, Yuri Lutsenko, who has since been fired, to help Mr. Trump's own re-election by investigating Joe Biden and his son.	波罗申科渴望赢得特朗普的支持，并且越来越担心政治对手会阻挠他的连任，因此任由朱利安尼对乌克兰总检察长尤里·卢琴科施压，要求通过调查乔·拜登和他的儿子，来帮助特朗普连任。卢琴科已被解雇。
How Mr. Poroshenko expected the Trump administration to help lift his sagging fortunes ahead of Ukraine's presidential election, held in two rounds in March and April this year, is unclear. He got trounced anyway, losing emphatically to Mr. Zelensky, whose own officials quickly became the Trump team's new targets in its drive to damage Mr. Biden.	乌克兰总统大选于今年三月及四月分两轮进行。波罗申科希望特朗普政府如何在大选之前帮他扭转颓势，尚不明确。不管怎样，他在大选中惨败于泽连斯基。而后者的下属很快成为特朗普团队的新目标，用以帮助打击拜登。
While Democrats want Mr. Trump impeached over his dealings with Ukraine, the president and his allies have counterattacked with their own Ukraine-focused scandals. They have revived a debunked theory that the country colluded with the Clinton campaign to hurt Mr. Trump's chances in 2016 and asserted, with little evidence, that Mr. Biden used his position as vice president to prevent Ukraine from investigating his son.	民主党试图弹劾特朗普与乌克兰的交易，而总统及其盟友进行反击，指出民主党自己与乌克兰的丑闻。他们还重提了一个已经被驳斥的理论，即2016年乌克兰与克林顿竞选团队勾结，损害特朗普的竞选机会。虽缺乏证据，但他们声称拜登利用自己的副总统职权，阻止乌克兰对他的儿子进行调查。
Ukrainians, jaded after years of watching their own leaders trade the power and privileges of office for personal financial or political gain, have mostly shrugged off what, for Mr. Trump, is possibly the most serious scandal to buffet the White House since Watergate toppled President Richard Nixon in 1974.	对于国家领导用权力和特权博取个人的财政及政治利益，多年来乌克兰人早已看厌了，故对此次丑闻不屑一顾。而这一丑闻对特朗普来说，可能是理查德·尼克松因水门事件倒台以来，对白宫打击最大的一次丑闻。
That a country few Americans paid much attention to in the past now commands center stage in Washington has stirred mostly bemusement in Ukraine. Those feelings are also tinged with a touch of pride that, after centuries in the shadow of Russia, its giant neighbor to the north, the nation is no longer seen as a backwater but a pivot around which the fate of the world's most powerful country implausibly turns.	乌克兰这个国家，本来美国人几乎从不关心，如今却在华盛顿舞台中心引人瞩目。这令乌克兰忍俊不禁，而这类情绪也伴以一丝骄傲。数百年来，乌克兰一直处于北方巨大邻邦俄罗斯的阴影之下，如今已经不再被视为穷乡僻壤。虽不光彩，但它已成为世界最强国命运的枢纽。
Pavlo Klimkin, Ukraine's foreign minister under Mr. Poroshenko, said in a caustic Twitter message this week that going down in history "as the country that led to the impeachment of the U.S. president" was "not a very fun prospect." But, he added, "Now everyone understands what we are capable of."	波罗申科的外交部长巴维尔·克里姆金本周在推特上发表了尖刻的言论，表示被历史记载为“导致美国总统被弹劾的国家，并不是什么好前景”。不过他又补充道：“现在每个人都了解了我们能做什么。”
Brother Jailed For Life For Pakistan Social Media Star Qandeel Baloch's Honour Killing	巴基斯坦网红坎迪尔·俾路支被兄弟名誉谋杀一案判终身监禁
Qandeel Baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in July 2016.	因社交媒体照片一炮走红的坎迪尔·俾路支（Qandeel Baloch），于2016年7月被勒颈而亡。
The brother of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch was on Friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highest-profile "honour killing."	网红坎迪尔·俾路支的兄弟于星期五被指控谋杀并判处终身监禁。巴基斯坦父权社会背景下，“名誉谋杀”备受舆论关注。
Baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies -- tame by Western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic Pakistan -- was strangled in July 2016.	俾路支因其轻佻的自拍照一炮走红，以西方社会标准此本无伤大雅，但厌女主义泛滥的巴基斯坦则将其视为挑衅行为，其因此招致谋杀。
Her brother Muhammad Waseem was arrested. Days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that "of course" he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been "intolerable."	其兄弟穆罕默德•瓦西姆（Muhammad Waseem）已被逮捕。几日后，他在一新闻发布会上扬言，他对自己的所作所为并不感到愧疚，还表示他谋杀俾路支是“理所当然”，她的行径让人“忍无可忍”。
His lawyer, Sardar Mehmood, told AFP the court in the eastern city of Multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a long-awaited verdict.	其律师萨达尔·马哈茂德（Sardar Mehmood）向法新社透露，东部城市木尔坦法院在一等待已久的判决书中，认定其当事人构成犯罪并判处终身监禁。
"Inshallah (God willing), he will be acquitted by a high court," he said.	“凭安拉的旨意，他会被高级法庭赦免，”他表示。
Earlier, Baloch's mother Anwar Mai told AFP she had hoped her son would be acquitted.	早些时候，俾路支母亲安瓦尔·梅（Anwar Mai）告诉法新社，她希望自己的儿子能被赦免。
"He is innocent. She was my daughter and he is my son," she said.	“他是无辜的。一个是我的女儿，另一个是我的儿子，”她说道。
Baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of so-called "honour killings," in which a victim -- usually a woman -- is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes.	所谓“名誉谋杀”，是指受害者——通常为女性——因公然挑衅父权社会法规而被谋杀。俾路支谋杀案不仅成为国际舆论的热点，也再次激起抵制此病态现象的呼声。
Women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or -- in Baloch's case -- bringing "shame" on their family by celebrating their sexuality.	不少女性的冒犯行为，如自己选择丈夫，又或如俾路支就因为炫耀性感而让其家人“蒙羞”，让她们或被活活烧死，或被枪杀，或被刺死，或被勒颈而亡。
The killings are usually carried out by a close relative. Under Pakistan's Qisas (blood money) and Diyat (retribution) law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives.	凶手常为近亲。根据巴基斯坦Qisas（意指血债）和Diyat（意指复仇）法律，凶犯可以博得受害者亲属的原谅。
Three months after Baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings.	俾路支谋杀案三个月后，巴基斯坦国会通过新法，强制要求对荣誉谋杀判处终身监禁。
However, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned.	然而，谋杀犯是否构成荣誉谋杀罪名，仍需法官的判定，即凶犯理论上可以宣称另一种动机而且还被赦免。
In Baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution.	俾路支谋杀案中，其父母最初坚持罪犯不应被赦免。
But, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven.	但一想到又要失去儿子，伤心欲绝的他们变得心软，希望赦免罪犯。
International revulsion at the killing had seen the Pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead.	面对国际社会对谋杀罪的排斥态度，巴基斯坦采取了前所未有的行动，称自己是凶手父母的孩子，但又要求继续审理该案。
Some of Baloch's better-known actions included offering to perform a striptease for the Pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on Valentine's Day.	俾路支某些更广为人知的行为包括为巴基斯坦板球队表演脱衣舞，情人节穿着猩红色低领裙。
She attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a Kim Kardashian-like figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment.	在巴基斯坦，如果你将自己变成金·卡戴珊式（Kim Kardashian）的人物，社会将视其为公然支持女权的政治行为。尽管俾路支饱受批评并招致人身危险，但不少人包括年轻人视其为对这个国家桎梏的大胆突破。
The roots of "honour" killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across South Asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too.	“荣誉谋杀”根源是南亚地区普遍存在的部落社会准则，具体上表现为对女性行为的支配。当然，男性中也不乏有“荣誉谋杀”的受害者。
Three Scottish students named among Europe's best	三名苏格兰学生入选欧洲顶尖学生名单
Three University of Dundee students have been named regional winners as top graduates in Europe.	邓迪大学的三名学生被提名为欧洲顶尖毕业生的地区优胜者。
The University of Dundee students were named as top graduates in their respective fields in Europe in the 2019 Global Undergraduate Awards, whilst five other students from the same university were praised by the judges.	邓迪大学的学生在2019全球本科生奖项中被提名为各自领域的顶尖毕业生，同时同校的另外5名学生也受到了评委的称赞。
Scott Sheldrick, who graduated in Molecular Genetics, won the Europe award for Life Sciences, Chester Cornford studied MSc Mental Health Nursing and was awarded the Nursing, Midwifery & Allied Healthcare prize, whilst Lola Knibb won the Visual Arts award.	毕业于分子遗传学专业的斯科特·谢德里克获得了欧洲生命科学奖，攻读心理健康护理硕士的切斯特·科福德获得了欧洲护理、助产和联合医疗奖，而罗拉·科尼布获得了欧洲视觉艺术奖。
Although all three made it through to the global final, they lost out in the final round to strong competition from some of the 3,500 entrants from across the world.	虽然三人都进入了全球总选阶段，但在最后一轮比赛中，他们在来自世界各地的3500名参赛者的强烈竞争中败下阵来。
Professor Blair Grubb, Vice-Principal (Education) at the University, said: "To get to this stage, our students and graduates faced competition from peers attending some of the world's top universities.	邓迪大学（教育）副校长布莱尔·格拉布教授说：“为了达到这个阶段，我们的学生和毕业生面临着来自全球各地顶尖高校的竞争。”
"The Undergraduate Awards are fiercely contested by thousands of students around the world and it is a great reflection of the quality of our students, and the education they receive here, that Dundee is so strongly represented amongst the prize winners.	“本科生奖由世界各地成千上万的学生激烈角逐，邓迪大学在获奖学生中具有如此强大的代表性，这充分反映了我们学生的质量，以及他们在这里接受的教育质量。
"I would like to offer my warmest congratulations to Scott, Chester and Lola on this fantastic achievement, alongside the other Dundee representatives who were highly commended."	“我要向斯科特、切斯特和罗拉表示最热烈的祝贺，祝贺他们取得了这一了不起的成就，同时也祝贺其他受到高度赞扬的邓迪大学代表。”
Another five students were commended in the world's leading undergraduate awards programme, which recognises top work completed by undergraduates to share this with a global audience.	另有五名学生在全球顶尖本科生奖项中获得表彰，该计划旨在表彰本科生的杰出表现，并与全球观众分享。
Included in the five praised students were Nicholas Gallagher and James Osbourne (both Life Sciences), Ferenc Kohsuke Ishikawa Gutai (Medicine), Caitlyn Scott (Anatomical Sciences) and Waco Yokoyama (Philosophy).	受到表彰的五名学生为括尼古拉斯·加拉格尔和詹姆斯·奥斯本（均为生命科学）、费伦茨·石川古泰（医学）、凯特林·斯科特（解剖学）和瓦科·横山（哲学）。
The competition further celebrates top undergraduate coursework and helps create collaborations between students and recent graduates worldwide.	比赛进一步表彰了顶尖本科生的课业，并有助于创造全球学生和毕业生之间的合作。
Oldest galaxy protocluster forms 'queen's court'	最古老星系原星团堪称“女王宫廷”
Using the Subaru, Keck, and Gemini Telescopes, an international team of astronomers has discovered a collection of 12 galaxies which existed about 13.0 billion years ago. This is the earliest protocluster ever found. One of the 12 galaxies is a giant object, known as Himiko, which was discovered a decade ago by the Subaru Telescope and named for a mythological queen in ancient Japan. This discovery suggests that large structures such as protoclusters already existed when the Universe was only about 800 million years old, 6 percent of its present age.	凭借昴星团、凯克、双子三大望远镜，一国际天文学家团队发现由12个星系组成的星系团。其已存在约130亿年，是目前为止已知最为古老的原星团。名为卑弥呼（Himiko）的十二星系之一极为巨大，由昴星团天文望远镜于十年前发现，并以古代日本极具神秘色彩的女王名字命名。该发现说明，宇宙诞生8亿年之时（当前历史的6%），诸如原星团之类的大尺度结构就已存在。
In the present Universe, galaxy clusters can contain hundreds of members, but how these clusters form is a big question in astronomy. To understand the formation of clusters, astronomers search for possible progenitors in the ancient Universe. A protocluster is a dense system of dozens of galaxies in the early Universe, growing into a cluster.	目前，宇宙中的星系团能包含数百个星系，但天文学上星系团的形成机制还不得而知。为理解星系团的形成机制，天文学家于古老的宇宙中探寻其可能的祖先。原星团是早期宇宙中一含有数十个星系的致密体系，最终会演化成星团。
Yuichi Harikane, a JSPS fellow at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan who led the team of astronomers explains, "A protocluster is a rare and special system with an extremely high density, and not easy to find. To overcome this problem, we used the wide field of view of the Subaru Telescope to map a large area of the sky and look for protoclusters."	羽根裕一（Yuichi Harikane），其是日本学术振兴会（JSPS）在日本国立天文台（National Astronomical Observatory of Japan）的成员，也有领导该天文学家团队，他解释道，“原星团是一罕见而又特别的体系，密度极高，而且不易被发现。为攻克此问题，我们使用昴星团天文望远镜的广角视野绘制一大片天空区域的天图以搜寻原星团。”
In the map of the Universe made by the Subaru Telescope, the team discovered a protocluster candidate, z66OD, where galaxies are 15 times more concentrated than normal for that era. The team then conducted follow-up spectroscopic observations using the W.M. Keck Observatory and Gemini North telescope, and confirmed 12 galaxies which existed 13.0 billion years ago, making it the earliest protocluster known to date.	在以昴星团天文望远镜绘制的天图上，该团队发现一候选原星团z66OD，在此处，星系密度是同时期正常区域的15倍。该团队随后以凯克天文台天文望远镜和北双子天文望远镜开展光谱观察，确认12个有130亿年历史的星系，此为目前为止已知最为古老的原星团。
Interestingly, one of the 12 galaxies in z66OD was a giant object with a huge body of gas, known as Himiko, which was found previously by the Subaru Telescope in 2009. "It is reasonable to find a protocluster near a massive object, such as Himiko. However, we're surprised to see that Himiko was located not in the center of the protocluster, but on the edge 500 million light-years away from the center." said Masami Ouchi, a team member at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and the University of Tokyo, who discovered Himiko in 2009. Ironically, the mythological queen Himiko is also said to have lived cloistered away from her people. Ouchi continues, "It is still not understood why Himiko is not located in the center. These results will be a key for understanding the relationship between clusters and massive galaxies."	有一点很有趣，z66OD十二星系之一为一带有巨型气态主体的庞大物体，名为卑弥呼，之前于2009年为昴星团天文望远镜所发现。“庞大物体周围发现如卑弥呼之类的原星团，合情合理。然而，我们对卑弥呼没有位于原星团中心而是位于离中心有5亿光年的边缘地区感到惊讶。”大内正美（Masami Ouchi）表示，其是该团队在日本国立天文台和东京大学的成员，于2009年发现卑弥呼。有一点很诡异，极具神秘色彩的卑弥呼据说好幽居，不愿见其子民。正美继续说道，“卑弥呼为何不在中心，还不得而知。上述发现将成为理解星团和巨星系之间关系的关键。”
Nancy Pelosi is subject of book by daughter Christine Pelosi	南希·佩洛西成为女儿克莉丝汀·佩洛西的书写对象
An upcoming book on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi comes from someone who knows her well, daughter Christine Pelosi.	一本关于美众议院议长南希·佩洛西的书即将出版，作者是一位知之甚深的人——她的女儿克莉丝汀·佩洛西。
"The Nancy Pelosi Way" will be released Nov. 26, Skyhorse Publishing announced Thursday. Christine Pelosi's book will examine how a mother of five became the first female house speaker and her current leadership of House Democrats during the Trump administration. According to Skyhorse, Christine Pelosi will weave together "the professional and personal experiences" of her mother.	周四，天马出版公司宣布，《南希·佩洛西之道》将于11月26日发行。克莉丝汀·佩洛西的这本书将探讨一位拥有五个孩子的母亲是如何成为第一位女性美国众议院议长，以及她当前如何在特朗普执政期领导众议院民主党。天马公司称，克莉丝汀·佩洛西的讲述，会将母亲的“专业及个人经验”交织在一起。
Christine Pelosi is a Democratic Party strategist and author of "Campaign Boot Camp" and "Campaign Boot Camp 2.0." Pelosi's sister, Alexandra Pelosi, is a filmmaker and journalist who has made several documentaries about contemporary politics.	克莉丝汀·佩洛西是民主党策略师，著有《竞选训练营》、《竞选训练营2.0》。佩洛西的妹妹亚历山德拉·佩洛西是一名电影制作人及记者，曾制作多部当代政治纪录片。
Warren's lemonade money went to a pro-life charity	沃伦买柠檬水的钱流入反堕胎慈善事业
When Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.) purchased drinks from two girls running a lemonade stand in August, she may not have been aware that her $10 purchase would be donated to a pro-life charity.	当参议院伊丽莎白·沃伦（马萨诸塞州民主党人）8月在两个女孩摆的柠檬水小摊上购买饮料时，她可能不知道自己花费的10美元将捐献给一个反堕胎慈善机构。
"Our daughters thought [Warren] was nice," Dan Michels, a Trump supporter and a father to one of the girls, told the Washington Free Beacon. "She came by and told us we should vote for her. And our daughters told us she was a nice person, but we don't align with her politically and ... because she's pro-choice, we said we should donate her money to a pro-life [cause]."	“我们的女儿觉得（沃伦）人不错。”丹·米歇尔斯告诉《华盛顿自由灯塔》，他是特朗普的支持者，其中一个女孩的父亲。“她走过来说，我们应该给她投票。女儿们说她是个不错的人，但我们不认同她的政治观点……因为她提倡堕胎合法，我们说，我们应该把她的钱捐给反堕胎的慈善（事业）。”
On August 8, Warren stopped by a lemonade stand staffed by two 11-year-old children, Sienna Michels and Audrey Billings, during a campaign bus tour across Iowa.	8月8日，沃伦在爱荷华州的竞选巴士巡游中，在两个11岁的儿童西耶娜·米歇尔斯和奥德莉·比林斯摆的柠檬水小摊旁边停下了。
"Stopped for a quick drink at a lemonade stand in Harlan, Iowa. When life gives you lemons, make big structural change!" Warren said on Twitter.	“停下来在爱荷华哈兰的柠檬水小摊快速地喝了一杯。当生活给你柠檬，你要做出结构性改变！”沃伦在推特上说。
The two kids were excited about meeting a presidential candidate in person. The Michels girl urged her parents to vote for the Massachusetts senator in 2020 after the photo op. The parents instead explained Warren's stance on abortion. The girls and their parents decided to donate to the March for Life Education and Defense Fund, a non-profit that supports pro-life legislation.	两个孩子很兴奋能亲自见到一位总统候选人。米歇尔斯家的女儿在合影后要求父母在2020年投票给这位马萨诸塞州的参议员。她们的父母反而解释了沃伦对待堕胎的立场。女孩们和父母决定捐款给“生命教育与保护基金会”，这是一个支持反堕胎条款的非营利性组织。
"My daughter told us she wanted us to vote for her," Michels said. "We talked about the abortion part of things and said maybe we should donate money to stop abortion, and my daughter was all for that."	“我的女儿说，她想让我们给她投票，”米歇尔斯说。“我们谈论了堕胎的事，还说也许我们应该捐钱来阻止堕胎行为，我的女儿完全支持。”
Why viruses like Herpes and Zika will need to be reclassified: Biotech impact	为什么需要重新分类疱疹和寨卡之类的病毒：生物科技的作用
New research reveals that the way viruses were perceived in terms of their architecture will need to be retooled, because they are actually structured in many more patterns than previously understood. The findings could have significant impact on how they are classified, our understanding of how they form, evolve and infect hosts, and strategies to identify ways to design vaccines to target them.	最近的研究表明，需要更新以结构认识病毒的方法，因为病毒结构的形成模式事实上远多出于已知类型。此发现可能会极大影响到病毒该如何分类，还有我们对其形成、进化和感染宿主的认识以及如何设法开发以其为靶点的疫苗。
In the 1950s and '60s as scientists began to obtain high resolution images of viruses, they discovered the detailed structure of the capsid -- an outer protective layer composed of multiple copies of the same protein -- which protects the virus' genetic material. The majority of viruses have capsids that are typically quasi-spherical and display icosahedral symmetry -- like a 20-sided dice for instance.	上世纪50至60年代，科学家开始获得病毒的高清图像，同时有发现衣壳的精细结构。衣壳是由多重相同蛋白组成的外周保护层，可以保护病毒的遗传物质。大多病毒拥有衣壳——常为类球状且展示出二十面体对称，就如20面骰子。
The capsid shell is what protects them, and as scientists discovered their structure, they proposed that capsids could have different sizes and hold different amounts of genome, and therefore could infect hosts differently.	衣壳就是其保护伞。科学家发现其结构时，认为衣壳大小可能不同而且所含基因组数量不同，以至于感染宿主的程度也有所不同。
Why this matters	为何重要
When designing drugs to target viruses, scientists can now take their varying structural shapes into account to improve efficacy.	现在，科学家为靶向病毒开发药物时，可以考虑病毒不同的结构形态以提高药效。
Two researchers who study the structures of viruses, Antoni Luque, a theoretical biophysicist at San Diego State University and a member of its Viral Information Institute, and Reidun Twarock, a mathematical biologist from the University of York, UK, and a member of York's Cross-disciplinary Centre for Systems Analysis, show that many viruses have essentially been misclassified for 60 years, including common viruses such as Herpes simplex and Zika.	两名探究病毒结构的研究者——安东尼·卢克（Antoni Luque），圣地亚哥州立大学理论生物物理学家，同时为该校病毒信息研究所研究员，另一名研究者雷敦·特瓦洛克（Reidun Twarock）为英国约克大学数学生物学家，同时为约克跨学科系统分析中心研究员——二人表示，60年来，许多病毒本质上遭错误分类，包括常见的单纯疱疹病毒、寨卡病毒。
This was because despite having the structural images from cryo-electron microscopy, we did not have the mathematical description of many of the architectures of different viruses.	个中原因就是，我们虽然能以冷冻电镜获取病毒的结构图像，但并不能给出各种病毒不同结构的数学化描述。
"We discovered six new ways in which proteins can organize to form icosahedral capsid shells," Luque said. "So, many viruses don't adopt only the two broadly understood capsid architectures. There are now at least eight ways in which their icosahedral capsids could be designed."	“我们已发现蛋白质以六种全新方式组织形成二十面体衣壳，”卢克表示。“由此可见，许多病毒不止采用两种已深入研究的衣壳结构。至少有八种方法使其能设计自身的二十面体衣壳。”
They used a generalization of the quasiequivalence principle to see how proteins can wrap around an icosahedral capsid.	两人以一般化准等效原则探究蛋白质包裹于二十面体衣壳表面的方法。
Their study, which will be published in Nature Communications on Friday, September 27, also shows that viruses that are part of the same structural lineage, based on the protein that they're composed of, adopt consistent icosahedral capsid layouts, providing a new approach to study virus evolution.	其研究将于9月27日星期五发表于《自然-通讯》杂志（Nature Communications）。该研究揭示，根据构成病毒的蛋白，属同一结构谱系病毒会采取一致的二十面体衣壳排布，此为研究病毒进化提供新方法。
Biotech applications	生物科技应用
Structural biologists can now take this information and reclassify the structure of the viruses, which will help unveil molecular and evolutionary relationships between different viruses.	结构生物学家现可利用此信息重新分类病毒结构，此将有助于揭示不同病毒间的分子和进化关系。
It will also provide a guide to engineer new molecular containers for nanotech and biotech applications, and it will help scientists to identify specific strategies to target the assembly of proteins in the capsid. This can eventually lead to a more systematic approach to developing antiviral vaccines.	同时，此将为纳米科技和生物科技应用提供开发新型工程化分子容器的思路，并且有助于科学家确定具体方法对准衣壳中的蛋白组装，最终为开发抗病毒疫苗确定更为系统化的方法。
"We can use this discovery to target both the assembly and stability of the capsid, to either prevent the formation of the virus when it infects the host cell, or break it apart after it's formed," Luque said. "This could facilitate the characterization and identification of antiviral targets for viruses sharing the same icosahedral layout."	“根据该研究，我们将衣壳稳定性和组装作为靶点，以阻止宿主被感染时病毒的形成，或者使形成的病毒破裂。”卢克表示。“此可能推进拥有相同二十面体排布病毒的抗病毒靶点表征与鉴别研究。”
This new framework accommodates viruses that were previously outliers, provides new predictions of viral capsid architectures, and has identified common geometrical patterns among distant evolutionary related viruses that infect everyone from humans to bacteria.	此全新体系含有原本不在此内的病毒，也对病毒衣壳结构做出新预测，并且在从人类到细菌无所不感染且有进化距离关系的病毒中确定出常见的几何构造模式。
Twarock said the new blueprints also provide "a new perspective on viral evolution, suggesting novel routes in which larger and more complex viruses may have evolved from simple ones at evolutionary timescales."	特瓦洛克表示，此全新蓝图也有给出“病毒进化的全新视角，阐明进化时间尺度之下病毒可能从简单态进化到更大更复杂态的新途径。”
Architectural applications	建筑学应用
The geometries could be also used in new architectural designs in buildings and construction.	建筑施工中新型建筑的设计也有采用该几何体系。
Since the 1960s, these viral capsids have been classified using the geometrical framework introduced by structural biologist Donald Caspar and biophysicist Aaron Klug, which were inspired by the geodesic domes designed by the renowned architect R. Buckminster Fuller. However, as molecular imaging techniques have advanced, an increasing number of 3D viral capsid reconstructions that included viruses like Herpes or Zika have fallen out from this classical geometrical framework.	结构生物学家唐纳德·卡斯珀（Donald Caspar）和生物物理学家阿龙·克卢格（Aaron Klug）曾受到著名建筑学家理查德·巴克敏斯特·富勒（R. Buckminster Fuller）所设计的曲面几何穹顶启发，上世纪60年代以来，两人引进的几何体系被用以分类上述病毒衣壳。然而，随着分子成像技术的进步，此经典几何体系不再适用于许多日益增加的病毒衣壳3D重建图像，其中就包括诸如疱疹和寨卡之类的病毒。
"This study introduces a more general framework than the classic Caspar-Klug construction. It is based on the conservation of the local vertices formed by the proteins that interact in the capsid," Luque explained. "This approach led to the discovery of six new types of icosahedral capsid layouts, while recovering the two classical layouts from Caspar-Klug based on Goldberg and geodesic polyhedra."	“此研究有引进一个相比于卡斯珀-克卢格构造更为一般的体系。其根据是与衣壳相互作用蛋白质所形成局部顶点的守恒，”卢克解释道。“此方法使得六种新型二十面体衣壳排布被发现，同时根据戈德堡多面体以及曲面几何多面体重建出卡斯珀-克卢格构造中的两个经典排布”。
Priest who sexually abused boys in Wisconsin gets 30 years	威斯康辛神父性虐男童判30年
A former priest accused of sexually assaulting young boys in Wisconsin decades ago has been sentenced to 30 years in prison.	威斯康辛一名前神父曾于数十年前涉嫌对男童实施性虐特，已被判入狱30年。
The Wausau Daily Herald reports that 72-year-old Thomas Ericksen received the maximum sentence Thursday on two charges of sexually assaulting young boys while stationed at St. Peter's Catholic Church in Winter in the late 70s and early 80s. He must register as a sex offender for life.	当地日报Wausau Daily Herald报道，周四，现年72岁的托马斯·埃里克森面临两项指控，即于70年代末及80年代初，在任职温特圣彼得天主教堂期间对男童实施性虐特。他因此受到最高惩处，必须终身登记为性侵者。
Four men testified Thursday about how the assaults affected their lives. One of the victims went public for the first time.	周四，四人提供证词，表明性侵行为如何影响了他们的生活。其中一位受害者是第一次公开身份。
Ericksen apologized to the victims in court and said he has come to realize the impact the assaults had on victims. At least 11 men claim they were abused by Ericksen during his time in the clergy.	埃里克森向受害人道歉，并表示他已经意识到自己的性侵行为对受害者产生的影响。至少11人称曾在埃里克森任职期间被侵犯。
Ericksen was removed from the priesthood in 1988.	1988年，埃里克森被解除神职。
Having Too Much Of This Spice Could Damage Liver	过多摄入此香料可能会导致肝脏损伤
Made from the inner bark of the Cinnamomum tree, cinnamon is a widely popular spice, earning itself a place in a large variety of food and even becoming a flavor itself.	肉桂由肉桂树的内皮制作而成，是一种广受欢迎的香料，被添加在多种食物中，甚至本身就成为了一种口味。
And all for good reason since the spice is host to some very impressive health benefits, such as lowering the risk of life-threatening diseases like heart disease, cancer and even diabetes.	这种香料对人体健康有非常大的好处，例如可以降低患心脏病、癌症甚至糖尿病等致命疾病的风险，因此受欢迎也是理所当然的。
But hold your horses just yet since too much of a good thing can be harmful, very harmful. And in this case, here are some side effects one can get if they eat too much cinnamon. Stay safe out there.	然而，再好的东西吃多了也会有害处，甚至有很大的害处。同样的，如果肉桂吃得过多，就会有以下一些副作用，因此还需谨慎食用。
May increase the risk of cancer - Unfortunately, while cinnamon can help lower the risk of cancer, it can also very much contribute to the development of it. Per animal studies, consuming too much coumarin, which is commonly found in Cassia cinnamon, may increase the risk of cancer development. Per scientists, coumarin does this by supposedly damaging our DNAs over time.	可能增加癌症风险。食用肉桂可以帮助降低患癌的风险，然而同时也可能会极大地促成此病的发展。据动物研究显示，常见于决明属肉桂中的香豆素如摄入过量，可能会增加癌症发展的风险。有科学家推测，香豆素会逐渐导致DNA损伤，以至癌变风险增加。
May cause liver damage - Per studies, too much coumarin can also be responsible for liver toxicity and damage. This is according to several studies made on the effects of too much coumarin in our bodies.	可能造成肝脏损伤。基于几项关于过量香豆素对人体影响的研究，摄入过量香豆素也可能导致肝中毒和损伤。
May cause mouth sores - Not only does too much cinnamon help contribute to deadly conditions but they may also cause mouth sores. This is supposedly because cinnamon contains cinnamaldehyde, which is a compound that when ingested in large amounts, can cause an allergic reaction in our bodies. However, one can only get mouth sores from cinnamaldehyde when they're allergic from it.	可能引起口腔溃疡。过量食用肉桂不仅会引发致命疾病，也可能会引起口腔溃疡。据推测是因为肉桂含有一种名为肉桂醛的混合物，而大量摄入这种混合物，会引起人体的过敏反应。不过，只有那些对肉桂醛有过敏反应的人才会因此患上口腔溃疡。
May cause breathing problems - This is more of a general precaution since cinnamon's fine texture makes it very easy to inhale that may cause coughing and gagging as well as the cinnamaldehyde in it acting as a throat irritant.	可能导致呼吸问题。可以预见肉桂的小颗粒结构很容易被吸入体内，其中的肉桂醛会对咽喉起到刺激作用，从而引发咳嗽和呕吐。
May cause low blood sugar - For many people, cinnamon is helpful since it's well known for having the ability to lower our blood sugar. This is good, especially for those who suffer from high blood sugar. However, too many of it can make our blood sugar fall too low, posing a new set of health risks.	可能造成低血糖。肉桂以降低血糖的功能被人熟知，因此对许多人，尤其是高血糖患者有帮助。然而，过多摄入会让我们的血糖降得过低，而构成新的健康隐忧。
Tennessee's abortion waiting period trial goes to judge	田纳西州堕胎等待期由法官定夺
A federal judge will have to decide which experts to believe in a trial over Tennessee's 48-hour waiting period law for abortions.	在关于48小时堕胎等待期的一次审判中，联邦法官需要决定，应当相信哪些专家。
Over the course of a four-day trial in Nashville that concluded Thursday, the state tried to show that the law, which requires women to make two separate trips to a clinic at least 48 hours apart, benefits women by allowing them time to reflect on their decisions. Attorneys representing five of the state's seven abortion clinics argued the law provides no benefits and causes significant burdens.	纳什维尔州周四结束的一次审判，已持续四天。在此期间，该州试图表明法律规定女性必须两次前往诊所，期间至少相隔48小时。这一规定使女性有时间对自己的决定进行反思，因此对她们有益。代表该州七家堕胎诊所中五家诊所的律师称，这一法规没有任何益处，反而造成了巨大负担。
Experts for both sides agreed that some women seeking abortions are uncertain, and some women who go through with an abortion later regret their decision. But they differed on whether those constituted a large or small percentage of the women seeking abortions. The experts also disagreed on whether Tennessee's 48-hour waiting period would make any difference for those women.	双方专家同意，试图堕胎的一些女性并不坚定，一些女性堕完胎表示后悔。但这类女性是否占多数，以及田纳西州规定的48小时等待期对她们到底有没有意义，双方专家持不同意见。
On Thursday, attorneys for the state introduced a study from Utah on the effects of a 72-hour waiting period there. It found that 8% of participating women who attended an initial counselling visit later said they were no longer seeking an abortion.	周四，州律师介绍了犹他州的一项研究，其论题为犹他州72小时等待期的影响。研究发现，前去进行初次咨询的女性中，有8%后来选择了不进行堕胎。
Questioned about the study, Antonia Biggs, a social psychologist researcher at the University of California San Francisco, agreed that some women change their minds about having an abortion or are uncertain to begin with. But she noted that the study did not find that Utah's mandatory waiting period caused women to change their minds or that it was otherwise beneficial to women.	加利福尼亚大学旧金山分校社会心理学家安东尼娅·比格斯对该研究提出质疑。她同意，有些女性改变主意，有些一开始就不确定。但她也指出，该研究并未表明犹他州强制等待期令女性改变决定，或是此规定对女性有益。
Biggs also testified that there is no evidence that abortion causes women to have mental health problems. She said a national study comparing women seeking abortions who were just under the cutoff date to obtain them with a group of women who were over the cutoff and were turned away from clinics found no difference in the rates of issues like depression and post-traumatic stress.	比格斯也证明，没有证据表明堕胎会导致女性的心理健康问题。她说，一项全国性研究比较了在即将超过最晚堕胎时间选择堕胎的女性和因超过最晚堕胎时间而被诊所拒绝的女性，两个群体发生抑郁症及创伤后压力等问题的概率没有差异。
Under cross-examination Biggs said the study did not follow the mental health outcomes of women in states with waiting periods who changed their minds about having an abortion, although there were only three women like that identified in the study. She rebutted testimony from earlier in the week by Priscilla Coleman, a psychology professor at Bowling Green State University in Ohio, who said that abortion is associated with mental health problems.	继续追问之下，比格斯表示，对于州法规定了等待期并且决定不堕胎的女性，该研究并没对她们的心理健康状况进行跟踪观察，尽管研究中这类女性只有三名。比格斯还反驳了俄亥俄州鲍林格林州立大学心理学教授普里西拉·科尔曼提供的证词。几天前，科尔曼称堕胎与心理健康状况有关。
Coleman testified that she believes most of the scientific literature on abortion is politically biased in favor of abortions.	科尔曼还表明，她认为大多关于堕胎的科学文献都有政治偏见，倾向堕胎。
Thursday also included testimony for the state from a Memphis obstetrician and gynecologist who participates in a controversial network that attempts to halt the effects of abortion-inducing medication. Dr. Michael Podraza said that through that work he has "personal experience with women who have changed their minds about an abortion."	周四还有一位孟菲斯妇产科医生提供的证词，他参与一个颇有争议的圈子，试图停止包括用药等堕胎后果。迈克尔·波德拉察医生说，他因此“与改变堕胎决定的女性有个人经验”。
Tennessee's waiting period law went into effect in mid-2015, and Podraza said he has seen several women since then who wanted to try to reverse a medical abortion that was already underway. Some of those women then changed their minds a second time and followed through with the abortion, he testified. These reversals happened in spite of the waiting period.	田纳西州的等待期法律自2015年中生效。波德拉察说，自那以后，他见过数名女性在药物流产过程中反悔。他也证实，其中一些女性又再次改变主意，决定继续完成堕胎。尽管有等待期，还是发生了这些反悔现象。
Clinic directors previously testified the wait period causes women financial hardship and stress. They also said the two-visit requirement poses logistical challenges for patients and clinics that cause abortions to be delayed far beyond the 48 hours required by law, pushing some women into surgical abortions, which have greater risks of complications. A few women are pushed beyond the time when they can receive an abortion altogether.	诊所所长曾提供证词，表示等待期导致女性的经济困难及压力。他还表示，两次就诊的规定，给病人及医生都造成后勤困难，使堕胎延迟超过法律规定的48小时，迫使一些女性进行并发症风险更大的手术流产。少数女性更被拖至堕胎期限之后，根本无法进行流产。
Tennessee is one of 14 states with laws requiring women to make two trips to an abortion clinic according to the Guttmacher Institute, a research group that supports abortion rights.	根据支持堕胎权的古特马赫研究所，田纳州是立法规定两次就诊的14个州之一。
In determining whether Tennessee's waiting period violates the U.S. Constitution, U.S. District Judge Bernard Freidman must determine whether it places an undue burden on women seeking abortion. It's a subjective standard that has caused some waiting period laws to be struck down and others upheld, depending on the specific circumstances of the state.	要确定田纳西州等待期是否违反美国宪法，美国地方法官伯纳德·弗里德曼必须先确定这一法律是否给寻求堕胎的女性造成过大负担。因各州情况不同，这一主观标准，曾使数项等待期法律废除，却也支持了另一些等待期法律。
After both sides rested their cases on Thursday, Friedman said he would rule as quickly as possible.	周四双方停止辩论之后，弗里德曼表示他将尽快做出裁决。
French chemical fire extinguished as questions mount	法国化学火灾熄灭 问题重重
French authorities and Normandy residents are clearing up residue from a huge fire at a chemical plant as a foul stench continues to spread over a swath of territory.	法国当局及诺曼底居民正在清理一家化工厂大火之后的残留物，恶臭仍持续外泄，影响大片地区。
No one was injured in Thursday's fire at a lubricant plant in Rouen, but residents have expressed concern about possible health risks and consequences for the nearby Seine River.	周四的鲁昴润滑剂工厂火灾中无人受伤，但居民表示担忧，认为存在健康隐患，附近的塞纳河也将受影响。
The head of the regional administration said Friday the fire was extinguished Thursday night after nearly 24 hours. Firefighters are still on the scene.	地区行政首脑周五表示，将近24小时之后，大火已于周四晚间扑灭。消防人员仍在现场。
The administration warned of a new odor released after the fire was put out, saying it could spread to neighboring regions.	行政部门警告，灭火之后会有新的气味流散，可能波及邻近区域。
Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said people in fragile health should remain indoors through Friday night.	内政部长克里斯托夫·卡斯塔纳表示，健康状况不良者应留在室内，直至周五晚过后。
The cause of the fire is being investigated. The plant is among the highest-risk industrial sites in Europe.	火灾起因仍在调查中。该工厂为欧洲风险最高的工业场地之一。
LNG investments hit record in 2019 & the biggest growth is coming from China	液化天然气投资2019创历史新高，最大增长来自中国
Investments in liquefied natural gas since the start of the year have hit an all-time high of $50 billion, the International Energy Agency's head, Fatih Birol, told an industry conference.	国际能源署负责人Fatih Birol在一次产业会议上透露，液化天然气方向自今年年初以来的投资已创历史新高，达500亿美元。
"This year, 2019 already broke the highest amount of (final investment decisions) for the first time ever, $50 billion," Birol told the LNG Producer-Consumer conference in Tokyo, as quoted by Reuters.	路透社报道，Birol在东京举行的液化天然气生产者消费者会议上透露：“今年，即2019年，首次打破了（最终投资决定）总金额最高纪录，达到500亿美元。”
Unsurprisingly, the driver of this growth in investments is growing demand for the fuel in Asia, with China still expected to overtake Japan as the world's top importer of LNG.	不出所料，投资增长的最大驱动力来自亚洲不断增长的燃料需求。仍有预计表示，中国将取代日本，成为全球最大液化天然气进口国。
"The biggest growth is coming from China. In the next five years, about one-third of global LNG demand will come from China alone," Birol said. He added that in five years, China will become the largest importer of the fuel.	Birol说：“最大的增长来自中国。在未来五年内，全球大约三分之一的液化天然气需求会来自中国这一个国家。”他补充道，中国会在五年内成为全球最大燃料进口国。
As for the growth in investments, there are no surprises there, either. The bulk of these has been made in the United States and Canada.	投资有所增长，也不足为奇。其中大部分资金投入了美国和加拿大。
In a December 2018 report the Energy Information Administration said it expected the United States" LNG export capacity to double by the end of this year to 8.9 billion cu ft daily. This will make the US the third-largest exporter of LNG in terms of capacity after Qatar and Australia. By 2030, US LNG exports are estimated to reach 17 billion cu ft daily, from some 3 billion cu ft at the start of 2019.	能源信息署在2018年12月的一份报告中表示，预计今年年底美国的液化天然气出口量将翻倍，达到每天89亿立方英尺，使美国成为液化天然气第三大出口国，仅次于卡塔尔和澳大利亚。到2030年，美国液化天然气出口预计达到每天170亿立方英尺，而2019年年初出口量为每天30亿立方英尺。
In Canada, there is just one LNG project under development right now - LNG Canada - but it could have a final capacity of 28 million tons of the fuel annually. The US$31-billion project is led by Shell, with minority participants including Petronas, PetroChina, Mitsubishi, and Kogas.	加拿大目前只有一个正在开发的液化天然气项目，即加拿大液化天然气项目，但该项目最终年产量可能达到2800万吨。这项斥资310亿美元的项目是由壳牌牵头的，次要投资方有马来西亚石油、中国石油、三菱和韩国天然气公司。
Meanwhile, Qatar is stepping up its efforts to keep its number-one spot in the global LNG export race. The country has lifted a moratorium on new drilling in its North Field - the world's largest offshore gas field Qatar shares with Iran - aiming to boost export capacity by 43 percent to 11 million tons annually.	与此同时，卡塔尔正在加紧步伐，以保持其全球液化天然气出口第一的位置。卡塔尔曾禁止在与伊朗共有的全球最大海上天然气田北油田进行新钻探，现已取消禁令，旨在将年出口提高43%至1100万吨。
Global LNG demand is seen at 550 million tons by 2030, according to projections by IHS Markit.	根据IHS Markit预测，到2030年，全球液化天然气需求预计达到5.5亿吨。
Viola Davis Drops Some Truth Bombs About Playing Michelle Obama On 'Jimmy Kimmel'	维奥拉·戴维斯在吉米·金梅尔节目中讲出扮演米歇尔·奥巴马的真相
Viola Davis is feeling the pressure of playing Michelle Obama.	维奥拉·戴维斯正在感受扮演米歇尔·奥巴马的压力。
"I'm terrified," the actor said on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" Thursday.	“我很害怕。”这位演员周四在“吉米·金梅尔直播”节目中说。
It was announced last month that Davis would star as the former first lady in Showtime's dramatized "First Ladies" anthology series. Davis said the script is great, but she's keenly aware of the burden to get her performance right.	上个月宣布，戴维斯将在Showtime电视网改编的深夜档选集剧“第一夫人”系列中扮演前第一夫人。戴维斯说剧本很出色，但她强烈感到要表演得当的压力。
"I don't care what else I've done in my life ― I won an Emmy, I won an Oscar, two Tonys ― but if I mess this up, this'll be the defining moment in my life," she told host Kimmel.	她对主持人吉米说：“我不管我的人生已经有了什么成就——我拿过艾美奖，奥斯卡奖，两届托尼奖——但如果我把这次搞砸了，这就是我人生的决定性时刻。”
Davis said she's waiting for her publicist "to call and say, "Hold the line, it's Michelle Obama ― to cuss your ass out.""	戴维斯说，她正在等待她的经纪人打来电话说，“等一下，不要挂，是米歇尔·奥巴马打来的——要把你骂得屁滚尿流。”
Davis, in her sixth and final season of "How To Get Away With Murder," is also thinking of the audience.	戴维斯在“逍遥法外”的第六季和最终季中，同样在考虑观众。
"Listen, I don't want to make my people mad," she said.	“我不想让我的人生气。”她说。
Judge shows concern for violent teen's choice of drink on attack night	法官对暴力少年在袭击当晚选择的酒类表示关注
A judge sentencing a teenager for a violent attack on a love rival appeared to show just as much concern about his choice of drink in the lead up to it.	一位法官在判处一名暴力攻击情敌的少年时，似乎对他在袭击之前的酒水选择也同样关注。
Kieran Clifton, 19, battered a 17-year-old he blamed for the end of his relationship with a former girlfriend.	19岁的基兰·克利夫顿殴打了一名17岁的男生，指责他导致他和前女友感情的结束。
Oxford Crown Court heard Clifton had been drinking mixers at the Fat Fox pub in Watlington, Oxfordshire, shortly before the assault in March last year.	牛津皇家法院获悉，去年三月袭击事件发生前不久，克利夫顿在牛津郡沃特灵顿的Fat Fox酒吧喝过调制酒。
Judge Nigel Daly told Clifton, who admitted ABH, that the alcohol had "played a significant part" in the night's violence.	法官奈吉尔·戴利告诉已承认触犯实际身体伤害罪的克利夫顿，酒精在当晚的暴力中“起到了重要作用”。
But he remarked of Clifton's choice of tipple: "Drinking Coca Cola and Amaretto? I'm surprised you were not sick!"	可是，对于克利夫顿所选择的酒类，他说：“可口可乐和苦杏仁酒一起喝？你竟然没病！”
Clifton, from Chalgrove, was handed a 12-month sentence, suspended for 12 months, ordered to complete a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement along with 160 hours" unpaid work and pay £750 compensation.	来自查尔格罗夫的克利夫顿被判处12个月的刑期，缓刑12个月。他也必须完成一个15天的康复活动及160个小时的无偿工作，并支付750英镑的赔偿。
'It sounds dorky, but it's really fun': inside the cosy world of bookstagram	“很呆也很有趣”：bookstagram舒适的内部世界
A pink blanket goes with everything: Jane Austen classics, a queer young-adult romcom, fantasy novel Six of Crows. Jordan Hickey's version is crocheted, made by her grandmother, and appears in most photos on her Instagram account pagetravels, where it's paired with various books to evoke a sense of tantalizing coziness. Wouldn't you like to be here right now, her photos imply, cuddled up with this blanket and this mug of coffee, with nothing else on your to-do list aside from reading the new novel Frankly In Love, out today?	用一条粉色的毯子搭配一切：简·奥斯汀的经典作品，同性恋青年浪漫喜剧，奇幻小说“六只乌鸦”。乔丹·希基的毯子是祖母亲手编织的，在她的Instagram帐号“书页之旅”的大部分照片中都有出现，与各种书籍相互搭配，唤起一种亲切的感觉。她的照片仿佛在暗示，你不想现在就身处此地吗？依偎在毯子里，拿着这杯咖啡，同时待办事项清单里什么都没有，除了读这本今天新出的小说“坦诚的爱”？
Hickey is a part of "bookstagram," the corner of Instagram combining a love of books with stylized, eye-catching photos, to the delight of large fanbases. The bookstagram tag has been used on over 35m Instagram posts, and the more popular bookstrammers have upwards of 100,000 followers (for comparison, the Instagram for the New York Times book section has about 69,000 followers.) There are enough people joining bookstagram that a slew of articles have cropped up, advising would-be bookstagrammers on best practice, how to manage Instagram's "pesky algorithm" and the best budget-friendly props. Some accounts focus on old books, or books by authors of color, many play with elaborate staging.	希基是“bookstagram”的一员，这是Instagram的一角，将对书籍的热爱与风格化而吸引眼球的照片结合在一起，让庞大的粉丝群体欣喜不已。在Instagram上，已经有超过3500万的帖子使用了“bookstagram”标签，一些网红书友的粉丝数高达10万人（与之相比，《纽约时报》图书板块的Instagram有约6.9万粉丝）。加入“bookstagram”的人多到一连串的文章涌现了出来，为想要成为网红书友的人提供最佳实践建议，如何管理Instagram“麻烦的算法”，以及价格友好的道具。有的帐号主题是旧书，有的是有色人种作家的书，而很多帐号都会精心进行摆放。
Leader of Colombia's Los Pelusos crime gang killed, president says	哥伦比亚比亚总统表示洛斯佩卢索斯犯罪集团头目已被处决
The top leader and founder of Colombia's Los Pelusos crime gang has been killed in an operation led by the national police, President Ivan Duque said on Friday.	哥伦比亚洛斯佩卢索斯（Los Pelusos）犯罪集团创立者和首号头目于国家警察实施的一行动中被处决，总统伊万·杜克（Ivan Duque）于星期五表示。
The gang is one of the most well-known criminal organizations in the Andean country and involved in fighting that has endangered hundreds of thousands of people in areas along the eastern border with Venezuela.	此集团是该安第斯国家中最臭名昭著的犯罪组织，其所制造事端危及该国与委内瑞拉接壤东部地区数十万人的安全。
Luis Antonio Quintero, known by his alias Pacora, was a former leftist rebel who commanded some 440 gang members, the government said.	路易斯·安东尼奥·金特罗（Luis Antonio Quintero），外号帕科拉（Pacora），属前左翼叛军，领导一大约有440名成员的犯罪集团，政府表示。
The 49-year-old was wanted on terrorism and murder charges and located in Norte de Santander province on Thursday.	这名49岁的黑帮老大因恐怖主义和谋杀指控而被通缉。星期四其被发现位于北桑坦德省。
"It's clear we are going to completely break up this group," Duque said in a statement from the United States, where he traveled for the United Nations General Assembly this week.	“很明显，我们要彻底剿灭这个集团，”杜克到达美国后在一讲话中表示，其将于本周参加联合国大会。
Quintero was responsible for the killings of human rights activists and community leaders, the statement added.	金特罗应为杀害人权激进人士或社会领导人者负责，他补充道。
Duque has faced criticism from some in the international community for not doing more to stop killings of activists from being committed with impunity across the country.	杜克由于没能竭力阻止国内激进人士遭肆意谋杀而受到国际社会中某些人批评。
Another leader of Los Pelusos was captured in the operation, the statement added. It did not provide details about the circumstances of Quintero's death.	该集团另一头目在行动中被抓捕，他补充道,但并没有透露金特罗死亡状况的细节。
'How dare you?' Thunberg's U.N. speech inspires Dutch climate protesters	“你们好大的胆子！”桑伯格联合国演讲让荷兰气候变化抗议者备感振奋
Thousands of Dutch children skipped school to join a global climate strike on Friday, blocking traffic and asking their leaders "how dare you?" in a reference to Swedish teenage activist Greta Thunberg's speech at the United Nations.	成千上万的荷兰孩子为参加全球气候变化游行纷纷罢课，交通因此陷入瘫痪。他们质问政府领导人“你们好大的胆子！”——出自瑞典激进主义少女格雷塔·桑伯格（Greta Thunberg）的联合国演讲。
A participant holds a drawing depicting Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg during a protest march to call for action against climate change, in The Hague, Netherlands September 27, 2019. REUTERS/Piroschka van de Wouw	一游行者举着一幅图画，上面描绘着瑞典激进环保主义者格雷塔·桑伯格2019年9月27日于荷兰海牙一游行示威中呼吁对气候变化采取行动。路透社/比罗施卡·范德沃乌（Piroschka van de Wouw）
Turnout at the march in The Hague exceeded expectations with organizers estimating the crowd at about 35,000. Police were forced to reroute the march to a location with more space.	海牙游行示威的人数超过预期，组织者预计总人数达三万五千人左右。警方不得不让游行队伍转移到另一更为宽阔的位置。
Thunberg, 16, gave an impassioned address at the United Nations in New York this week, after millions of people worldwide joined a climate strike protest last Friday in the run-up to a U.N. climate summit.	上周五，联合国气候峰会前夕，全世界数百万人纷纷加入气候变化罢工游行，而16岁的桑伯格于本周在联合国纽约总部发表饱含激情的演讲。
"This strike is going to have a lot of effect when people keep showing up, not just today but also in the future and we see different kinds of people from all walks of life," said protester Reinder Rustema.	“人们的不断加入将让此次游行影响深远，不仅在今天，而且在未来，我们看到了各行各业不同的人，”抗议者勒德·鲁斯塔马（Reinder Rustema）说道。
Banging drums and holding pictures of Thunberg, protesters walked through the city center with placards reading: "For the Greta good," "Don't be a fossil fool," and "You will die of old age, we will die of climate change."	边击鼓边举着桑伯格的照片，抗议者穿过市中心，并打着“格雷塔万岁”、“不当化石能源的傀儡”、“你会死于衰老，我们将死于气候变化”等标语。
"I understand their concerns, I believe they are being heard," Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told journalists at a weekly press briefing within earshot of the protests. "We have presented very ambitious plans to deal with these problems. But we have to do it in a smart way, which also creates jobs."	“我理解他们的忧虑，也相信他们将被世人所知，”荷兰首相马克·吕特（Mark Rutte）在一每周例行新闻发布会中告诉记者，会场中仍能听见抗议游行之声。“我们已提出宏大的计划处理这些问题。但我们得以明智的方式实行计划，以使其还可创造工作岗位。”
Thunberg's brief address electrified the start of the summit aimed at mobilizing government and business to break international paralysis over carbon emissions, which hit record highs last year despite decades of warnings from scientists.	桑伯格的简短演讲一层激起千里浪，让峰会开始对准政府和企业的动员以打破碳排放国际僵局。据悉，尽管科学家过去数十年内一再警告，去年全球碳排放还是创下历史新高。
"This is all wrong. I shouldn't be up here. I should be back in school on the other side of the ocean yet you all come to us young people for hope. How dare you?" she said, her voice quavering with emotion.	“这大错特错。我不应该站在这里。我应该回到大洋另一边的学校，但你们全都涌向我们年轻人寻找希望。你们好大的胆子！” 她说道，声音因饱含情感而颤抖。
The Netherlands, with 17 million inhabitants, generated less than 7 percent of all energy from sustainable sources in 2017, compared to 15 percent in Germany and over half of all energy in Sweden.	荷兰拥有1700万人口，2017年可持续能源产生的能量占总能量不到7%，而德国该数字是15%，瑞典则超过一半。
The government has pledged to halve CO2 emissions from 1990 levels by 2030, but by 2017 had only achieved a 13 percent cut.	政府已保证到2030年让CO2排放量减少到1990年水平的一半，但到2017年，减排目标只完成13%。
Thunberg was taking part in a protest in Canada on Friday where U.N. aviation leaders were gathering in Montreal to discuss plane emissions targets.	星期五，桑伯格正于加拿大参加游行示威，而联合国航空领导人也正聚于蒙特利尔探讨航空碳排放目标。
Military Sees Frustrating Trend As Suicides Spike	军队自杀人数激增，情势不容乐观
Military suicides surged this year to a record high among active duty troops, continuing a deadly trend that Pentagon officials say is frustrating and they are struggling to counter.	今年现役军人自杀人数激增，创下了最高纪录，使这一致命趋势继续延续。五角大楼官员表示情势不容乐观，而他们正在努力对抗。
The Army, Navy and Marine Corps all saw the rate of suicides go up as well as the overall numbers, with only the Air Force showing a decrease, according to data released by the Pentagon Thursday. Suicides among members of the Reserves and the National Guard also grew.	五角大楼周四发布的数据显示，陆军、海军和海军陆战队的自杀率和总人数均有上升，只有空军有所下降。预备军和国民警卫队中的自杀者也越来越多。
The difficulties involved in identifying service members with possible problems and finding ways to prevent suicides were underscored earlier this month when the Navy reported that three crew members who served on the USS George H.W. Bush took their own lives within a week.	本月早些时候，海军报告了三起在美国“布什”号上服役船员的自杀事件，这再次强调了识别可能有问题的服役人员和寻找防止自杀的方法所涉及的困难。船员在一周内相继自杀。
Asked about the deaths in the crew of the aircraft carrier, Defense Secretary Mark Esper said, "I wish I could tell you we have an answer to prevent further, future suicides in the Armed Services. We don't. We are caught up in what some call a national epidemic of suicide among our youth."	当被问及艘航母船员死亡的事件时，美国国防部长马克·埃斯珀说：“我很希望我能告诉你，我们已有了一个答案，能防止军队以后发生更多的自杀事件。但我们没有。我们陷入了所谓的全国性年轻人自杀潮。”
The number of suicides across the military increased from 511 in 2017 to 541 in 2018. According to the Pentagon, the most at-risk population is young enlisted men, and at least 60 percent of the time they chose a gun as their suicide method. Army suicides went from 114 to 139, while the Marines went from 43 to 58 and the Navy went from 65 to 68. The Air Force dipped from 63 to 60.	军队自杀人数从2017年的511人增加到2018年的541人。五角大楼表示，自杀风险最高的人群是应征入伍的青年男性，而在至少60%的时间里，他们选择枪支作为自杀方式。陆军自杀人数从114人增加到139人，海军陆战队从43人增加到58人，而海军从65人增加到68人。空军从63人下降到60人。
"Our numbers are not moving in the right direction," said Elizabeth Van Winkle, director of the Pentagon's office of force resiliency. She said that most of the military rates are comparable to civilians, but added, "that's hardly comforting."	“我们的数字并没有向正确的方向发展。”五角大楼部队适应能力办公室的主管伊丽莎白·凡·温克尔说。她说，大多数军队的自杀率接近平民，但是又补充说，“这很难让人感到安慰。”
Military and defense leaders expressed dismay and a resolve to do more to increase resilience in the force, train service members how to handle stress better and encourage troops to seek help when they need it. Van Winkle said the military is also looking at increasing efforts to train troops on the safe storage of firearms and medication. She said there are no consistent rules or regulations across the department and the services requiring gun locks or other controls on firearms, but that some states or bases have their own restrictions.	军方和国防部领导人表示失望，并下决心做更多的工作，以提高部队的适应能力，培训服役人员如何更好地处理压力，并鼓励部队在需要时寻求帮助。温克尔说，军方也在考虑加大对部队安全储存武器和药品方面的培训力度。她说，整个部门和各军种并没有一致的规定或者纪律，要求对枪支上锁，或者其他对武器的管控措施，但某些州或者基地有自己的限制。
She and Karen Orvis, director of the suicide prevention office, said recognizing service members who may be struggling or at risk of taking their own lives is very difficult, and that sometimes suicide is a sudden, impulsive decision with little warning. They said it's difficult to identify reasons for suicide because there are so many stresses that could contribute.	她和自杀干预办公室的主管凯伦·奥维斯说，要认出可能正在挣扎或有自杀风险的服役人员是非常困难的，有时候自杀是突发的冲动决定，几乎没有预警。他们说，很难确定自杀的原因，因为有太多压力可能导致自杀。
They also acknowledged that service members are reluctant to come forward and seek help, because they worry that it could affect promotions or security clearances. And military leaders said they must all work harder to address those perceived roadblocks.	他们还承认，服役人员很抵触站出来寻求帮助，因为他们担心会影响晋升或者安全审查。而军方领导人说，他们都必须更加努力解决这些已知的障碍。
"Just as we talk about physical fitness, marksmanship, training and education, Marines must also be comfortable discussing life's struggles, mental wellness and suicide," said Gen. David Berger, commandant of the Marine Corps. "We must create a community where seeking help and assistance are simply normal, important decisions Marines and sailors make."	“就像我们讨论身体健康、枪法、训练和教育一样，海军陆战队也必须能从容地讨论生活中的挣扎、心理健康和自杀行为。”海军陆战队指挥官金·大卫·伯格说。“我们必须营造一种群体环境，让寻求帮助和援手仅仅是海军陆战队员和水手做出的正常而重要的决定。”
This year for the first time, the Pentagon included statistics for suicides by military spouses and dependents. Van Winkle said the most recent numbers available were for 2017, but officials are working to get better at collecting family data.	今年是五角大楼首次将军人的配偶和受抚养人的自杀数字纳入统计范围。温克尔说，最新的数据是2017年的，但官员正在努力更好地收集家庭数据。
According to the report, there were 186 families that had suicides - 123 were spouses and 63 were dependents between the ages of 12 and 23.	根据这份报告，186个家庭出现了自杀事件——123人是配偶，63人是受抚养人，年龄在12到23岁之间。
The vast majority - nearly 70 percent - were female spouses under the age of 40, while 70 percent of the dependent suicides were males. About half of the dependents who died by suicide were at least 18 years old and, for those younger than that, most of the deaths were youth between 15 and 17.	大多数（接近70%）的自杀者是年龄40岁以下的妻子，而70%自杀的受抚养人是男性。在自杀的受抚养人中，大约一半的人已满18岁，而在低于这个年龄的人中，死亡者大多数是15到17岁之间的青少年。
Seth Meyers Loses It Laughing During Donald Trump 'Tango & Cash' Impression	塞斯·梅耶斯在“探戈与金钱”特朗普模仿表演中笑出声
"Late Night" host Seth Meyers on Thursday brought a moment of levity to an otherwise strained week marred by mass shootings when he cracked a gag about President Donald Trump and then couldn't stop laughing.	周四，“深夜秀”主持人塞斯·梅耶斯为本周大规模枪击案导致的紧张气氛带来了一丝轻松，他对特朗普总统开玩笑时，忍不住得笑个不停。
The comedian noted how Trump had visited the El Paso, Texas, hospital where victims of the weekend's mass shooting are being treated while his campaign still owed the city more than half a million dollars for a political rally in February.	这位喜剧演员讲述特朗普如何拜访了德克萨斯州埃尔帕索医院，这是周末大规模枪击案的受害人正在接受治疗的医院。与此同时，他的竞选团队仍欠该市50多万美元政治集会的费用。
The campaign also incurred a one-time late fee over its failure to pay on time.	那次竞选活动还因未按时缴费而产生了一次性滞纳金。
"That's so him," said Meyers. "I'm surprised his Oval Office desk isn't covered in unreturned Blockbuster DVDs."	“这太像他的风格了，”梅耶斯说。“他的桌子上一定堆满了还没退货的大片DVD。”
He then began mimicking Trump with a riff on hit 1989 movie "Tango & Cash," but soon descended into a fit of the giggles.	随后，他开始用1989年的热门电影“探戈与现金”中的桥段模仿特朗普，但很快陷入了一连串的笑声中。
Man gets prison after woman finds bullet in her skull	一名女性颅内发现子弹，致使一名男性入狱
A Georgia man has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for shooting his girlfriend, who didn't realize she survived a bullet to the brain until she went to the hospital for treatment of headaches.	佐治亚州一名男子因枪击女友被判处25年监禁。该女子因头痛前往医院就诊，才发现自己在脑部中弹之后幸存。
News outlets report 39-year-old Jerrontae Cain was sentenced Thursday on charges including being a felon in possession of a gun in the 2017 attack on 42-year-old Nicole Gordon.	新闻媒体报道，39岁的Jerrontae Cain周四被起诉，罪名包括他是2017年袭击42岁Nicole Gordon的持枪重罪犯。
Suffering from severe headaches and memory loss, Gordon was examined last year by doctors who found a bullet lodged in her skull.	Gordon患有严重头痛和记忆力下降。去年医生对她进行检查，并发现她头骨中有一颗子弹。
Gordon told police she didn't remember being shot, but did remember an argument with Cain during which her car window shattered and she passed out. She thought she was hurt by broken glass, and she was patched up at the home of Cain's mother.	Gordon告诉警察，她不记得自己遭到枪击，但她确实记得她跟Cain曾发生争执，当时她的车窗被砸碎，她晕了过去。她以为自己是被玻璃碎片打伤的，并在Cain的母亲家中进行了包扎。
This Model's Runway Stomp Has Eclipsed All Else At Paris Fashion Week	模特在巴黎时装周的踏步让所有人黯然失色
As Lady Gaga once sang in her 2008 hit "Bad Romance": "Walk, walk, fashion, baby."	Lady Gaga在2008年热门单曲“Bad Romance”中唱到：“走路就是时尚，宝贝。”
One model took those words to heart and "murdered" the runway, according to one editor, while closing Maison Margiela's spring 2020 collection by John Galliano at Paris Fashion Week on Wednesday.	有一名模特把这些话铭记于心从而“绝杀”T台，一位编辑说道。当时正是周三巴黎时装周，John Galliano的Maison Margiela2020年春季系列闭幕秀。
Model Leon Dame, 20, strutted down the catwalk like no one has strutted before, powerfully putting one foot in front of the other and stomping down the runway, while keeping an intense, steely glare intact.	20岁的模特里昂·达姆以前所未有的姿态在T台上大步流星，双脚强有力地交替着大步踩过T台，同时保持着严肃和冰冷的眼神。
His walk, paired with his belted top, white shorts, knee-high boots and cadet hat, quickly took the internet by storm. In one video of his walk, it appears he even got a smile out of Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour as he passed by her.	他的走步方式，配上他的背带上衣、白色短裤、过膝靴和军官帽，很快在互联网上掀起一阵风波。一段他走秀的视频显示，就连“Vogue”主编安娜·温杜尔都在他经过的时候露出了微笑。
Many praised the young German model, who has appeared in campaigns for Jil Sander, Fay and Solid Homme, for his distinctive swagger.	许多人称赞这位年轻的德国模特，因其独特的张扬个性，他曾出现在Jil Sander、Fay和Solid Homme等品牌的广告中。
Actor and "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Lisa Rinna described Leon as her "spirit animal," and fashion designer and singer Rihanna followed him on Instagram.	演员、“比佛利山庄的贵妇”节目的明星丽莎·琳娜将里昂描述为她的“精神动物”，歌手、时装设计师蕾哈娜也在Instagram上关注了他。
"This video and this exit take the cake," one fan wrote on Leon's page after the model posted a video of his walk. "Crushhh leon" another added, while makeup artist and mogul Pat McGrath ― who did the makeup for the show ― left him lightning and fire emojis.	“这个视频和退出的姿势真的绝了。”里昂发布了一段自己走秀的视频后，一位粉丝在他的主页留言道。“里昂超赞”，另一个人补充道。而化妆大师帕特·麦克戈拉斯（这场秀的化妆师）给他留下了闪电和火焰的表情符号。
Perhaps the highest praise came from Tim Blanks, editor-at-large of the fashion site The Business of Fashion.	也许最高的赞誉来自时尚网站“The Business of Fashion”的主编蒂姆·布兰克斯。
"You're going out a youngster, but you've got to come back a star!" Blanks wrote in an Instagram caption on Wednesday, quoting the film "42nd Street."	“出发时你是新星，但归来时你将是明星！”布兰克斯周三在Instagram的文案中写道，引用了电影“第42街”的台词。
He added, "@leondame MURDERED the catwalk @maisonmargiela. Guess it's true what they say. There ain't nothin" like a DAME!"	他补充说：“@leondame 绝杀T台 @maisonmargiela。看来他们说的是真的。什么都比不上达姆！”
Geomagnetic Storm in the Last days of September	地磁风暴九月末来袭
Geomagnetic disturbances are expected from September 27 to September 29, according to the US National Atmospheric and Oceanic Research Agency's Space Weather Forecast Center. Moderate geomagnetic storm (G2) is possible due to high-speed solar wind	美国国家海洋和大气管理局太空天气预报中心预计，9月27至29日将有地磁扰动。高速太阳风，或将带来中度地磁风暴（G2）。
The Russian Laboratory for Solar Activity Research at the Lebedev Institute predicts that the disturbance will start in the evening of September 27, and culminate in the next day from morning until noon. The planetary index can jump to 5 Kp level.	列别杰夫研究所太阳活动研究俄国实验室预计，此次扰动将从9月27日开始，在第二天中午达到顶峰。行星指数可达5Kp。
Geomagnetic storms can affect people with problems in the cardiovascular system. Doctors warn that some people may develop heart cramps, dizziness, headache and lack of concentration. Magnetic disturbances often affect people with mental disorders as well.	地磁风暴可能对心血管系统产生影响。医生警告，一些人可能出现心脏痉挛、晕眩、头痛、注意力涣散等症状。地磁扰动也常造成人的精神状态失常。
In case of more severe disturbances, there are also fluctuations in the electricity grid. Satellites providing navigation information are also vulnerable.	若扰动严重，也可能产生电网波动。提供导航信息的卫星也会变弱。
The beautiful side of such phenomena are the spectacular Northern Lights in the sky above the poles.	该现象美好的一面，是极地上空壮观的北极光。
Sony, Disney Back To Work On Third Spider-Man Film	索尼与迪士尼重回第三部蜘蛛侠电影的制作
Looks like there will be a homecoming of sorts for Spider-Man, now that Disney and Sony have settled their differences.	现在迪士尼和索尼已经解决了他们的分歧，看来蜘蛛侠能以某种形式回归了。
The two studios announced on Friday that they will collaborate on a third Spider-Man film starring Tom Holland.	周五，两家工作室宣布将合作拍摄第三部由汤姆·霍兰德主演的蜘蛛侠电影。
The as yet untitled film will be released on July 16, 2021, and be produced by the Disney-owned Marvel Studios and its president, Kevin Feige, according to a press release sent by both studios.	根据两家工作室发来的新闻稿，这部尚未决定标题的电影将于2021年7月16日上映，由迪士尼旗下的漫威工作室及其总裁凯文·法伊格担任制片方。
Amy Pascal will also produce through Pascal Pictures, as she has on the first two Holland-led films, the release said.	新闻稿表示，艾米·帕斯卡尔也将通过帕斯卡尔影业担任制片人，如同她在前两部霍兰德主演的电影中一样。
"I am thrilled that Spidey's journey in the MCU will continue, and I and all of us at Marvel Studios are very excited that we get to keep working on it," Feige said in the release. "Spider-Man is a powerful icon and hero whose story crosses all ages and audiences around the globe."	法伊格在新闻稿中说：“我很激动，小蜘蛛在MCU的旅程将会继续。我和漫威工作室的所有人都很兴奋能够继续制作。”“蜘蛛侠是一位强大的偶像和英雄，他的故事跨越了全球所有年龄段的观众。”
The agreement also allows Spidey to appear in a future Marvel Studios film.	他们的协议还允许小蜘蛛在未来的漫威工作室电影中出现。
Feige acknowledged the collaboration makes the webslinger unique among superheroes.	法伊格表示，正是这次合作让蜘蛛侠在众多超级英雄中独树一帜。
"[Spider-Man] happens to be the only hero with the superpower to cross cinematic universes, so as Sony continues to develop their own Spidey-verse you never know what surprises the future might hold," he said.	他说：“（蜘蛛侠）正好是唯一一个拥有穿越电影宇宙的超能力的英雄，所以随着索尼继续发展自己的蜘蛛侠宇宙，你永远不知道未来会有什么惊喜。”
The end to the Spidey standoff came more than a month after it was reported the two studios were unable to reach terms on a deal for a sequel to their previous films, "Homecoming" and "Far From Home."	据说两家工作室无法就之前的两部电影《蜘蛛侠：返校》和《蜘蛛侠：英雄远征》的续作达成一致，一个多月之后，关于小蜘蛛的僵局才结束。
The sticking point was that Disney ― which owns the character ― reportedly wanted a co-financing stake in future films with Sony, which has the film rights thanks to deals set up before the Mouse bought Marvel in 2009.	分歧点在于，角色的拥有者迪士尼据说想在未来的电影中与索尼共同拥有融资股份，而在迪士尼于2009年收购漫威前，索尼就因为之前的协议拥有了电影权。
The Hollywood Reporter notes both sides had good reason to come together. "Far From Home" is Sony's biggest box office hit ever, while Marvel gets to maximize merchandising and keep creative control.	好莱坞记者指出，双方有充足的理由携手合作。《英雄远征》是索尼有史以来的最大票房冠军，同时漫威能够最大限度地展销并保持对创意的控制。
One person who was happy the impasse has ended was Holland himself, who expressed his joy on Instagram.	另一个为这次僵局结束感到高兴的便是霍兰德本人，他将自己的喜悦之情发在了Instagram上。
EU, British negotiators work toward Brexit deal in Belgium	欧盟与英国代表在比利时就脱欧协议进行谈判
The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator began talks With British officials in Belgium Friday to work toward an agreement, with about a month remaining before the departure deadline.	欧盟首席脱欧谈判代表周五开始在比利时与英国官员就脱欧协议进行谈判，离预计脱欧时间还有一个月左右。
Michel Barnier met with Brexit secretary Stephen Barclay in Brussels, who was adamant the Irish "backstop" be stripped from any deal. The backstop, effectively an assurance of a soft border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves, has been perhaps the chief obstacle in negotiations.	米歇尔·巴尼尔在布鲁塞尔会见了英国脱欧事务大臣斯蒂芬·巴克利。后者坚称协议不得出现爱尔兰“边境保障”条款。边境保障可能是谈判的主要障碍。它可以在英国脱欧后，有效确保爱尔兰和北爱尔兰之间的软边境。
While Barclay said Britain is committed to finding a deal, he said there isn't much time left.	巴克利表示英国正在努力达成协议，但他也说剩下的时间不多了。
"I think there is still a long way to go. I think we are coming to the moment of truth in these negotiations," he said.	他说：“我觉得还有很长的路要走。我认为我们马上要到达谈判的紧要关头。”
The deadline to leave the EU is Oct. 31, but a new British law prevents Prime Minister Boris Johnson from completing the withdrawal without a trade agreement, or Parliament's approval to leave without one by Oct. 19.	脱欧的最后期限是10月31日，但根据英国的一项新法案，在没有达成贸易协议、或者国会10月19日前未同意无协议脱欧的情况下，首相鲍里斯·约翰逊不能完成脱欧程序。
Last week, EU negotiators said they are open to an alternative to the backstop -- but Irish deputy Simon Coveney said Friday London hasn't yet submitted a "serious" proposal.	欧盟谈判代表上周表示，他们对“边境保障”的替代方案持开放性态度。但爱尔兰代表西蒙·科夫尼周五表示，伦敦尚未提交“像样”提案。
"Until there is a serious proposal, which can be the basis of negotiations, then the gaps which are wide at the moment will remain," he said.	他说：“除非他们提交一份像样的提案作为谈判基础，不然现在这种鸿沟将一直存在。”
He added that "time is running out" and "the onus is on the British prime minister and his team" to put serious proposals on the table.	他补充说“时间不多了”，并且“英国首相和他的团队有责任”在谈判中拿出像样的提案。
Johnson's office said Friday there are still "significant obstacles" to a deal.	约翰逊办公室周五表示，离正式达成协议还有“重大障碍“。
"From an Irish perspective, we of course think that an extension is preferable to a no-deal," Coveney said. "But I think there would have to be good reason behind that to ask for an extension."	科夫尼说：“从爱尔兰的角度看，我们当然认为延期比不达成协议要好。但我认为要求延期必须有一个恰当的理由。”
EU President Jean-Claude Juncker said he and Barnier are doing everything they can for a deal and if they fail, it's Britain's fault.	欧盟主席让-克洛德·容克表示，他和巴尼尔正在尽全力达成协议，如果协议失败，那就是英国的错。
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said he's not optimistic about a deal, but urged British leaders to present a plan at a Brexit summit on Oct. 17.	爱尔兰总理利奥·瓦拉德卡表示，他对能否达成协议并不乐观，但他敦促英国领导人在10月17日的欧盟脱欧峰会上提出计划。
"The withdrawal agreement is actually an international treaty," he said. "It's not the kind of thing that can be amended or cobbled together late at night."	他说：“脱欧协议实际上是一个国际公约，不是那种可以深夜修改或拼凑出来的东西。”
Scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star	科学家被一大行星围绕小恒星旋转的现象困惑
Scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 light-years away from Earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large Jupiter-like planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf.	科学家对一距离地球30光年“太阳系”的发现感到诧异，因为一个类木行星竟然围绕一较小恒星即红矮星旋转，此有违当前对行星起源的认识。
An artistic impression of the gas giant planet GJ 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on September 26, 2019.	一张气态巨行星GJ 3512b围绕其主星红矮星旋转的艺术效果图于2019年9月26日公布。
Stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them. But in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on Thursday.	恒星通常比围绕其旋转行星中最大的行星还要大出许多。但在此情况下，恒星和行星大小差别不是很突出，研究者于星期四表示。
The star, called GJ 3512, is about 12% the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of Jupiter, our solar system's largest planet.	该恒星名为GJ 3512，大小约为太阳的12%，而围绕其旋转的行星质量至少为木星——太阳系中最大行星的一半。
"Yes, an absolute surprise," said astrophysicist Juan Carlos Morales of the Institute of Space Studies of Catalonia at the Institute of Space Sciences in Spain, who led the research published in the journal Science.	“是啊，真的让人意外，”胡安·卡洛斯·莫拉莱斯（Juan Carlos Morales）表示，其是西班牙空间科学研究所（Institute of Space Sciences）加泰罗尼亚空间研究所（Institute of Space Studies of Catalonia）的天体物理学家，也有领导该发表于《科学》杂志的研究。
"The discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that low-mass stars typically host small planets, similar to Earth or small Neptunes. In this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to Jupiter around a very small star," Morales added.	“此发现令人惊讶，因为星体起源理论模型表明，低质量恒星通常被类似于地球或者海王星的小行星围绕。在此情况下，我们发现一类似于木星的气态巨行星围绕一超小恒星旋转，”莫拉莱斯补充道。
The planet, which like Jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the Calar Alto Observatory in Spain. It travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days.	该行星犹如木星主要由气体构成，被西班牙卡拉阿托天文台（Calar Alto Observatory）以天文望远镜观察到。该行星以一典型的椭圆轨道围绕其恒星旋转，周期204天。
Red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures. GJ 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35% bigger than Jupiter.	红矮星较小、表面温度较低。GJ 3512不仅比太阳小得多，而且比起超大行星其大小都不是很大，只有木星大小的35%。
"They emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 (degrees) Kelvin (6,380 degrees Fahrenheit/3,527 Celsius) approximately. This is why the have a reddish color," Morales said.	“他们释放的能量很少，所以比太阳都暗，表面温度也极低，大约不到3800开氏度（6380华氏度或3527摄氏度）。这就是为什么他们表现出暗红色，”莫拉莱斯表示。
There is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the Jupiter-like planet, Morales said.	有证据显示，该恒星还被第二个行星围绕旋转，而第三个行星有可能在过去被弹出该恒星系，此便能解释此类木行星椭圆轨道的成因，莫拉莱斯表示。
Planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit. Under the leading model for planetary formation, called the "core accretion" model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas.	星际气体盘和尘埃盘既可形成恒星，也可形成围绕其旋转的行星。根据主流的行星起源模型——“核心吸积”模型，星际盘的固体颗粒形成最初的行星，新生行星的引力拖拽使得周围气体开始形成大气。
A competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system.	另一对立模型——引力不稳定模型，有望解释此不同寻常的系统。
"In this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold," Morales said. "This makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear. These clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet."	在此情况下，新生恒星周围的原行星盘可能比预期略微更大并处于冷却态，”莫拉莱斯表示。“这让原行星盘变得不稳定，以至于出现某些致密区。这些聚集团不断变大直至崩塌，行星因此形成。”
School strikers around the world march to demand action on climate	世界各地罢课的学生举行游行，要求对气候问题采取行动
Children around the world launched another wave of school strikes demanding action on climate change Friday, in their first major action since the issue topped world leader's agenda at the United Nations this week.	周五，世界各地的儿童再次发起学校罢课潮，要求人们对气候变化采取行动，这是自从该问题在本周成为联合国世界领导人的首要议程以来，他们的第一次重大行动。
The Fridays for Future movement that began as a lone demonstration by Swedish teen Greta Thunbergjust over a year ago has mushroomed, with millions of students taking to the streets of cities like New Yorkand attracting attention in developing nations across Africa.	仅一年多，由瑞典少女格蕾塔·桑伯格发起的“为未来而战(Fridays for Future)”运动已经发展壮大，数百万学生走上纽约等城市的街头，吸引了非洲各发展中国家的关注。
Some of the first protests began in New Zealand, where Thunberg saidorganizers estimated 170,000 people marched across the country. There were also marches in cities in Italy, Finland, Nigeria, Austria and India, among other countries.	部分首批抗议活动开始于新西兰，格蕾塔说，组织者预计有17万人在全国各地游行。在意大利、芬兰、尼日利亚、奥地利和印度等国的城市也举行了游行。
Friday's protest followed a week of climate talks at the United Nations in New York, which included a scathing speech by Thunbergto world leaders reprimanding them for inaction.	周五的抗议是在纽约联合国气候谈话一周后举行的，其中包括格蕾塔对世界各国领导人的严厉演讲，谴责他们的不作为。
"You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words," she said on Tuesday. "The eyes of all future generations are upon you and if you choose to fail us, I say we will never forgive you."	周二，她说：“你们用空话偷走了我的梦想和童年。所有后代的目光都在你们身上，如果你们选择辜负我们，我们绝不会原谅你们。”
Citing a U.N.-backed reportreleased last year, demonstrators are demanding governments implement measures to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2.7 degrees, which scientists warn result in dire consequences for human life and the planet.	抗议者引用去年发布的一份受到联合国支持的报告，要求各国政府采取措施，防止全球气温上升超过2.7度，科学家警告说，这将给人类生命和地球带来可怕的后果。
Thunberg and the young people she has inspired say they will not stop their weekly classroom walkouts until they see a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions responsible for climate change.	格蕾塔和她所启发的年轻人说，只要造成气候变暖的温室气体没有减少排放，他们就不会停止每周一次的走出教室活动。
In Nigeria's capital Abuja, Oladosu Adenike marked her 46th consecutive strike on Friday. The activist posted images on Twitter of students dressed in blue school uniforms carrying banners with messages, "Climate change is real" and "We don't have time."	周五，在尼日利亚首都阿布贾，Oladosu Adenike开始她连续第46次罢课。这位活动者将学生穿着蓝色校服、举着横幅的照片发布在推特上，横幅上写着“气候变暖是真实的”和“我们没有时间了”。
In Lausanne, Switzerland, where hundreds of climate strike organizers gatheredin August planning for this week's events, thousands of people marched through the city, according to local reports.	根据当地报道，在瑞士洛桑，数百名气候罢课的组织者八月聚集在一起计划本周的活动，几千人在城里游行。
Thousands more were expected to take to the streets of Helsinki, Finland, where local media reportedthat the city's school would allow students to participate.	预计还有数千人将走上芬兰赫尔辛基的街头，当地媒体报道称，该市的学校会允许学生参加。
Thunberg, who remains in North America following her visit to the U.N., was scheduled to participate in climate strikes in Montreal, Canada.	格蕾塔在访问联合国后仍留在北美，计划在加拿大蒙特利尔参与气候罢课活动。
Serena Williams Fined $10,000 For Allegedly Damaging Wimbledon Court	小威廉姆斯因涉嫌破坏温布尔登球场被罚款一万美元
Serena Williams, tennis legend and seven-time Wimbledon champion, is being fined $10,000 for allegedly damaging the London practice courts with her racquet.	网球界传奇人物、七届温网冠军小威廉姆斯因涉嫌用球拍损坏伦敦练习球场，被罚款一万美元。
The All England Club, which hosts the Wimbledon tournament, handed the fine to Williams after she reportedly caused damage during a practice round on the outside courts on June 30, according to The Associated Press and CNN.	据美联社和美国有线电视新闻网报道，6月30日，威廉姆斯据称在球场外侧的练习赛中造成了损坏，主办温网赛事的全英俱乐部对威廉姆斯处以罚款。
The 37-year-old tennis star appeared to shrug off the fine while speaking to reporters after winning the quarterfinal round against Alison Riske on Tuesday.	这位37岁的网球明星在周二四分之一决赛对阵艾莉森·瑞斯科后，在接受记者采访时，似乎对罚款并不在意。
"I haven't really thought about it, to be honest," she said when asked about the fine. "I just threw my racquet. I got fined."	当被问及罚款时，她说，“说实话，我根本没怎么想。”“我只是扔掉了我的球拍。我就被罚款了。”
Williams said she didn't know how that could've caused damage.	小威廉姆斯说，她不知道这样怎么会造成损坏。
"I mean, I guess if you could tell me, I would appreciate it," she told reporters. "I mean, I have always been an Avenger in my heart. Maybe I'm super strong. I don't know."	她告诉记者，“如果你能告诉我，我会很感谢。”“也许我其实是超级英雄。也许我特别强壮。我也不知道。”
Williams is after her eighth Wimbledon title, which would be her 24th grand slam victory. She is advancing to the singles semifinals on Thursday against Czech player Barbora Strýcová.	小威廉姆斯正在角逐第八个温网冠军，这将是她的第24个大满贯冠军。周四，她将晋级单打半决赛，对阵捷克选手Barbora Strýcová。
Williams was also fined a total of $17,000 last year after she defended herself against an umpire at the U.S. Open who accused her of illegally communicating with her coach during a match.	小威廉姆斯已在去年的美国网球公开赛上被罚1.7万美元，因为当她被指控在比赛中与教练非法沟通时，她在裁判面前为自己辩解。
During that incident, the umpire issued three code violations to Williams: One for receiving illegal coaching, a second for breaking her tennis racket in frustration and a third after she confronted the umpire and called him a "thief."	那次事件中，裁判三次判定小威廉姆斯违反规则：第一次是非法接受教练指导，第二次是在沮丧时摔坏网球拍，第三次是与裁判对峙，还叫他“小偷”。
Many of Williams" fans claimed that the umpire was unnecessarily harsh in his response to her, especially considering male players" meltdowns throughout the history of the sport.	许多小威廉姆斯的粉丝称，这名裁判对她的态度格外严苛，尤其是考虑到男性运动员在整个网球历史上的事迹。
"Do you know how many other men do things that are much worse than that?" Williams told U.S. Open officials who entered the court during the match after her confrontation with the umpire.	“你知道多少男性做的事比这恶劣得多吗？”小威廉姆斯在与裁判对峙后，对赛后进入球场的美国公开赛官员们说。
Williams wasn't the only one who received a fine at this year's Wimbledon, though hers was the most costly.	在今年的温布尔登网球赛中，小威廉姆斯并不是唯一一个收到罚款的人，但她的罚款是最高的。
Italian player Fabio Fognini was fined $3,000 for saying a "bomb should explode" at the tennis courts after he lost the third round to U.S. player Tennys Sandgren on Saturday.	意大利运动员法比奥·福格尼尼在周六第三轮输给美国选手特尼斯·桑格伦后，因为说“应该炸了网球场”而被罚款3000美元。
Nick Kyrgios of Australia was hit with two fines ― one for $3,000 and a second for $5,000 ― for unsportsmanlike conduct.	澳大利亚运动员尼克·吉尔吉奥斯因不符合体育道德的言行遭到两次罚款——一次3000美元，另一次5000美元。
The Who STOP concert last night: Friday and Sunday shows CANCELLED	The Who乐队昨晚中止演唱会：周五周六演出取消
Rock legends The Who are on a major US tour. In Houston, Texas, Roger Daltrey was forced to call off the concert less than halfway through. The 75-year-old told the disappointed audience: "I think I should quit while I'm ahead." The band had performed eight songs already but promised to try and return for another show one day in the future. Watch the video of how it all unfolded on stage.	摇滚传奇乐队The Who正在美国进行大型巡演。在德克萨斯州休斯敦，罗杰·达尔屈被迫在不到一半的时候叫停演唱会。75岁的他告诉失望的观众：“我想，我应该趁早退出。”乐队已经表演了八首歌曲，但承诺会在将来的某一天，争取再回来演出。观看视频，了解舞台上发生的全部。
After playing classic 1982 track Eminence Front, Daltrey called it quits. he has struggled with vocal issues and apparently is under strict instructions from his surgeon.	表演完1982年的经典歌曲“Eminence Front”后，达尔屈要求停止。他一直在发音问题上挣扎，显然还处于医生的严格指导下。
The British star told the crowd he couldn't go on with the show: "If I carry on trying to do what I'm doing for you, I'm going to damage myself. I think I should quit while I'm ahead... Last time, I ended up in hospital for a month and I'm not going there again. Sorry."	这位英国摇滚明星告诉观众，他无法继续演出了：“如果继续为你们唱下去，我就会伤害到自己。我想，我应该趁早退出……上一次的最后，我在医院待了一个月，而我不要再进医院了。对不起。”
Pete Townshend explained what was going on to the audience: "It sounds like he cannot do any more, I'm afraid..."	皮特·汤森向观众解释了事情的经过：“恐怕，他不能再继续了……”
The band left the stage, originally suggesting they would try to work out the rest of the set without Roger.	乐队离开了舞台，原本建议他们在没有罗杰的情况下，尽量完成剩余的曲目。
When he returned, Townsend said: "I'm really, really sorry. Roger cannot actually speak now.	汤森回来的时候说：“我真的非常、非常抱歉。罗杰现在其实已经不能说话了。
"Apparently, before the show, he saw a doctor, and you know, he's been singing so f***ing great through this tour. I don't know what the f*** is going on. He has been on top of his game.	“显然他在演出前看了医生，你们也知道，这次巡演他唱得那么好。我都不知道发生了什么。他一直处于巅峰状态。
"I'm really sorry this has happened to you guys tonight... I don't think there is much point trying to put anything together that makes any sense because this is Roger's show and he's not in good shape."	“今晚你们遇到这种事，我真的很抱歉……我觉得，再凑合表演已经没什么意义了，因为这是罗杰的演出，而他现在状况不佳。”
The crowd was completely supportive, cheering the 74-year-old as he explained what had happened and how the band hoped to return to honour their commitment to the show.	观众们完全支持这位74岁的老人，当他解释事情经过，以及乐队是如何希望兑现演出的承诺时，观众们都为他喝彩。
Townsend said; "We will publish a date for our return as soon as we can. Let me explain one thing... We only do one day on, one day off. This is because Roger's vocal surgeon insists he has a day off...	汤森说：“我们会尽快宣布回归的日期。再让我解释一件事……我们只能隔天演出。因为罗杰的嗓音医生坚持他必须休息一天……
"I swear to you we will come back and we will honour your tickets. I love you so much and I'm sorry to let you down."	“我向你们发誓，我们一定会回来，我们会对得起你们的门票。我特别爱你们，很抱歉让你们失望了。”
Following the show, the upcoming Friday and Sunday night concerts in Dallas and Denver were cancelled.	这次演出后，之后周五和周六在达拉斯和丹佛的夜间演唱会也取消了。
Their next show is on October 9 in San Francisco. The band will open their UK tour in Manchester n March 16, 2020.	他们的下一次演出将于10月9日在旧金山举行。乐队将于2020年3月16日在曼彻斯特开启英国巡演。
Michael Schumacher's Manager with a Statement about his Condition	迈克尔·舒马赫经纪人声明其健康状况
An official statement was released regarding Michael Schumacher's health. The legend has been recovering for almost 6 years from injuries sustained after a skiing accident in the Alps in 2013, Gong.bg reported.	一份关于迈克尔·舒马赫健康状况的正式声明近日发布。据Gong.bg报道，这位传奇车王在2014年阿尔卑斯山滑雪事故受伤之后，进行了近6年的疗养。
Weeks ago, worldwide media reported that the former pilot had been admitted for treatment at a hospital in Paris. Sabine Kehm, Schumi's long-time manager and longtime family friend of the Schumacher family, made the statement.	数周前，全世界媒体报道这位前赛车手在巴黎入院接受治疗。舒马赫的长期经纪人及家庭老友萨宾·科姆发表以下声明。
"Michael's health is not a public issue, so we will not comment on it, if only because we need to protect Michael's privacy as much as possible," Kehm stated. "We realise that this is difficult for some people to understand, but we do so in perfect accordance with Michael's attitude and can only thank you for being understanding,"	科姆表示：“迈克尔的健康状况并不是一个公众话题，只因我们必须尽可能保护他的个人隐私，所以在此无可奉告。 我们知道，有些人对此难以理解，但我们的做法与迈克尔的态度完全一致，我们只能感谢您的理解。”
She also revealed that Schumacher is an extremely sensitive person. He did not like his name to be in the headlines and avoided public appearances even before the incident.	她还透露，舒马赫是一个很敏感的人。他不喜欢上头条，即便在事故之前，也避免在公众面前露面。
The manager urged not to believe in any photos that "leak" on social networks and in yellow magazines around the world.	这位经纪人还奉劝大家不要相信在世界各地社交媒体和狗仔杂志上“流出”的任何照片。
Authorities Investigating Deadly Crash In Angeles National Forest, Body Found	有关部门正调查安吉利斯国家森林致命车祸，已有遗体发现
Police were investigating a deadly crash in the Angeles National Forest Thursday afternoon.	警方正在调查周四下午发生在安吉利斯国家森林的一起致命车祸。
According to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the Angeles Forest Highway and Big Tujunga Canyon Road.	警方表示，在安吉利斯森林高速公路和大涂洪加峡谷公路下方的一辆汽车中发现了一具尸体。
Initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time.	现场的初步报告称，车辆在那里可能已有一段时间。
It was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found.	至于车辆是如何被发现的，目前尚不清楚。
Are hopes for a nuclear-free world realistic?	实现无核化世界的希望是否现实？
Seventy-four years ago, two nuclear bombs were detonated over Hiroshima and Nagasaki, killing tens of thousands of people.	六十四年前，两枚核弹在广岛和长崎引爆，杀死了数以万计的人民。
Since then, wherever conflict between major powers rises, so does the threat of a nuclear war.	自此，无论大国在何处发生冲突，都伴随着核战争的威胁。
Various treaties have attempted to suppress that threat, yet today there are nearly 14,000 nuclear weapons based around the world.	有各种条约试图压制这种威胁，然而时至今日，世界范围内依然存在近14000件核武器。
Thursday marks the International Day for the Total Elimination of Nuclear Weapons, but it's a goal that looks increasingly less likely.	周四是国际彻底消除核武器日，但这一目标似乎越来越不可能实现。
So, is there the political will to abolish these weapons?	那么，是否有废除核武器的政治意愿呢？
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties	梅根王妃：追求内心的渴望，纵使王室责任也不能将其淹没
Meghan Markle is determined to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and not let her own needs 'fade away' now she's a member of the Royal Family - and wants to be a role model for young boys as well as girls.	梅根·马克尔（Meghan Markle）决心“追求内心的渴望”，不愿让梦想被淹没。现在，她身为英国王室成员，想要成为年轻男女的榜样。
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.	据报道，这位38岁的萨塞克斯公爵夫人在陪同丈夫哈里王子访问南非时，于本周前几日在开普敦伍德斯托克交易所(Woodstock Exchange)一场旨在激励女性创业者的活动上做此评论。
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.	伍德斯托克交易所是英国和南非联合设立的科技中心，旨在扶持创业者尤其是女性创业者，学习技能、获取资源和支持，以拓展能力和进军市场。
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.	在女性创业者协会（Ladies Who Launch）的会议上，曾经当过演员的38岁的梅根王妃会见了几位来自科技、节能、时装等各领域成功自主创业的女性，并赞扬她们“激励下一代人”的创造力。
During a conversation with the female tech founders Meghan, who has campaigned vigorously for the empowerment of young women and girls, said she hopes to do the same for young men.	梅根王妃致力于发起各种活动，助力年轻女性和女孩。在和一名科技公司的女性创始人谈话时，她表示期望能为年轻男性做同样的事情。
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.	纳迪亚·穆萨吉（ Naadiya Moosajee），一名两个孩子的妈妈，身为南非工程师和社会创业者，又是“女性工程师”（Women in Engineering）的联合创始人，她表示：“我们都清楚教育之于女孩的重要性，而为男孩树立榜样也很重要。我们是有影响力的女性，同样值得男孩尊敬。”人物（People）杂志报道。
'We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.'	“我们都有儿子，而且都信守我们不仅是女孩的榜样，也是男孩的，不仅是自己儿子的榜样，更是整个社会的。”
She added that having Meghan present 'didn't feel hierarchical', as it was 'women gathered together and a talk about the struggles we have, as well as the things we need to do to move forward and grow and change our societies'.	她补充道，梅根王妃并没有让会场显得“尊卑分明”。相反，“我们只是女性聚在一起，畅谈付出的心血，以及为推动社会发展变革我们需要做的事情。”
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.	马兹·莫迪塞（Matsi Modise）是技能培训公司Simodisa的创始人，她表示，梅根尽管身为皇室成员，但她意志坚定，决心继续捍卫心中关切的重大议题。
'She talked about being a mother and having duties as a duchess and fulfilling what her heart desires - and that it can't just fade away now that you're a duchess,' Modise recalled.	“她说起当妈妈的事情、作为公爵夫人的责任，还有内心渴望的追求——即便身为王妃也无法被淹没。”莫迪塞回忆道。
'That you have to be true to who you are.'	“那就是活出真正的自己。”
She said the duchess pushed them to plough ahead with their new ideas and spoke about how they have to keep pushing and going forward, knowing they are doing it for others who will follow.	她表示，王妃鼓励在场的女性不断尝试自己新的想法，也谈到她们该如何自强不息、急流勇进，让她们明白这样的自己将成为众人效仿的榜样。
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.	“她所指的不是成为贵族，而是普通人在生活中遇到的挑战，”莫迪塞补充道，并承认梅根王妃让自己感到有点“肃然起敬”。
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.	“她浑身散发出优雅的气质，而如此优雅的她正肩负自己的使命。”莫迪塞表示。
'A lot of us have done amazing things as founders, but meeting a royal is quite daunting. She made it easy. She is an easy-going royal.'	“在场的很多人作为创业者做过不少惊天动地的大事，但会见贵族还是让人局促不安，王妃却让这变得很自然。王妃为人很随和。”
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.	梅根王妃也表示，她享受边工作边带孩子的压力，同时承认，既要做王妃，又要照顾宝宝Archie，这让她觉得“工作量很大”，但“非常令人兴奋”。
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now. Being a working mum and travelling as well with a baby, my goodness it's a lot, but it's all so exciting.	罗拉·罗斯马林（Lara Rosmarin)是两个孩子的妈妈，也是开普创新科技公司（Cape Innovation and Technology）的CEO。和她谈话时，梅根说道：“我们家宝宝现在只有五个月大，作为上班妈妈还要带孩子出差，老天，这工作量很大，但非常令人兴奋。
'There are days when it's a lot to juggle but then you meet someone and you have an impact on them and you say "ah-ha," and it's so rewarding.'	“有时候，你要兼顾各种事情，但当你见到一些人，并影响到了他们，那时你会觉得‘啊哈’，一切都值得了。”
Meghan then went to the city's Mothers2Mothers organisation, which trains and employs women with HIV.	梅根王妃随后前往当地的母亲互助组织（Mothers2Mothers）——一个培训和雇佣感染HIV女性的机构。
She took along some of Archie's baby clothes, including a onesie saying 'The Future' and his Invictus babygro which he no longer fits, alongside donations from her friends with children.	她捐赠了一些Archie的宝宝衣服，包括一件写着“未来”的连体衣，还有一件穿小了的“勇者不败”（Invictus）宝宝连体衣。她还代表她的妈妈朋友们进行了捐赠。
Parents of 5-month-old stuffed in suitcase and tossed in dumpster get 6 years in prison	五个月大婴儿被藏尸行李箱并遭丢弃垃圾箱，父母被判入狱六年
The parents of a 5½-month-old boy whose body was thrown in a dumpster were sentenced to six years in prison after pleading no contest Thursday to charges in the baby's death.	一名五个半月大男婴的尸体被丢弃在垃圾箱里，其父母对导致该婴儿死亡的指控供认不讳，随后于周四被判处六年有期徒刑。
Adam Manson, 34, and Kiana Williams, 32, each pleaded no contest to one felony count of child abuse resulting in death and admitted to a special allegation that they caused the death of their son, Jacsun Manson, the Los Angeles County district attorney announced.	洛杉矶县地方检察官宣布，现年34岁的亚当·曼森和现年32岁的琦安娜·威廉姆斯对一项虐待儿童导致死亡的重罪指控均选择不抗辩，并承认自己导致其子杰森·曼森死亡。
Manson and Williams had initially pleaded not guilty to the charges.	起初曼森和威廉姆斯对指控拒不认罪。
The two had been doing drugs in a South L.A. motel on New Year's Eve when they found the baby dead, prosecutors said. They placed his body in a suitcase and tossed it in a trash bin near the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza, prosecutors said.	据检察官说，两人于元旦前夜在洛杉矶南部的一家汽车旅馆内吸毒时，发现婴儿死亡。他们将尸体放在一个行李箱里，并将其丢弃在鲍德温山克伦肖广场附近的垃圾箱内。
In late April, weeks after searching through the El Sobrante Landfill in Corona, authorities called off the search. The child's body was never found.	四月下旬，在科罗纳的爱索布伦垃圾填埋场进行的为期数周的搜寻中，并未找到孩童尸体，当局随后终止了搜寻。
Police said in a statement at the time that they made the decision to end the search for Jacsun with a "heavy heart," but noted they couldn't pinpoint a location in the landfill "to a point that would make continuing the search reasonable."	警方在当时的一份声明中表示，他们在决定结束对杰森的搜寻时，是怀着“沉重的心情”的，并指出他们无法在垃圾填埋场里找出尸体的确切位置，因此“没有理由再继续搜寻下去”。
UK's medical drug supply still uncertain in no-deal Brexit	无协议脱欧下英国药品供应前景不明
Britain's government watchdog says there is still a "significant amount" of work to do to ensure the country has an adequate supply of medical drugs in case of a no-deal Brexit.	英国政府监察机构表示，为确保英国在无协议脱欧的情况下有足够医疗药品供应，仍有“大量”工作要做。
In a report issued Friday, Britain's National Audit Office said additional shipping capacity chartered by the U.K. for sending goods across the English Channel might not be operational until the end of November - one month after the Oct. 31 deadline for Britain to leave the European Union. Of the more than 12,300 medicines licensed in the U.K., about 7,000 arrive from or via the EU, mostly across the Channel.	在周五发布的报告中，英国国家审计署表示，英国拟定通过英吉利海峡运输物资的航运量，大概11月底才能实现，也就是英国离开欧盟的截止日10月31日之后一个月。在英国注册的12300种药品中，约7000种来自欧盟或途经欧盟，大多是通过英吉利海峡运送。
According to the British government's "reasonable worst-case" scenario, the flow of goods could be cut by half on Day One of a no-deal Brexit and could take a year to recover. It said time was "extremely limited" if the shipping issues were to be resolved by the end of October.	根据英国政府所设想的“合理的最坏局面”，物资运输量可能在无协议脱欧后的第一天减至一半，并有可能需要一年来恢复。如果要在10月底前解决航运问题，时间“极其有限”。
The report also said there was "incomplete information" about the levels of medicine stockpiling but that levels were increasingly daily. As of Sept. 20, suppliers reported that 72% of medicines had a six-week stockpile.	报告还表明，药品库存相关“信息不全”，但库存每天都在持续增加。截至9月20日，各供应商报告，72%的药品库存可维持六周。
"In the event of a no-deal exit, the department (of health) would be working in a highly uncertain environment and operating all the elements of its plan would be a hugely demanding task," the watchdog wrote.	监察机构表示：“如果无协议脱欧，（卫生）部门将在充满不确定性的环境下工作，要实现计划中的所有环节，将极为困难。”
Meg Hillier, who chairs a committee overseeing the audit office, called the findings "deeply concerning." She said she had seen "countless examples" of the British government missing deadlines, but that this one was particularly striking.	主持审计署监督委员会的梅格·希利尔称这些调查结果“非常令人担忧”。她表示她曾在“无数例子”中目睹英国政府错过截止日期，但这一次尤其令人胆战。
"If the government gets this wrong, it could have the gravest of consequences," she said.	她说：“如果政府这次出错，后果将是最为惨重的一次。”
Dr. Richard Torbett of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry said that while companies have been working to prepare for Brexit, "some things are outside of their control."	英国制药行业协会的理查德·托贝特博士表示，虽然各公司在为脱欧进行准备，“有些事并非他们能力所及”。
He said more details were needed on how companies might access government-planned freight capacity if Britain sees a no-deal departure from the EU.	他表示仍需要更多信息，来了解一旦无协议脱欧，各公司如何才能获得政府计划货运量。
"Securing a (Brexit) deal remains the best way to protect patients," he said.	他说：“确保脱欧协议，仍是保障病人的最佳方式。”
Cleveland police branded 'failing' in all areas by inspectors	监督员认定克利夫兰警方“全面失败”
Scandal-hit Cleveland police has become the first force to be branded "failing" in all areas by inspectors.	丑闻缠身的克利夫兰警方成为首个被监督员打上全方位“失败”标签的警队。
It has been rated inadequate overall and in three key areas by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS), which scrutinised its ability to reduce crime and keep people safe, operate efficiently, as well as the way it treats the public and its workforce.	英国皇家治安消防与救援服务监督局(HMICFRS)对克利夫兰警局减少犯罪、保障人民安全、有效运作的能力以及警方面对公众及其工作人员的处理方式进行了严格审查，并认为警方工作在总体层面和三个关键方面均不合格。
The findings mean the force is effectively plunged into special measures, where the chief constable and police and crime commissioner are called before a national board and questioned about their plans to ensure "critical improvements" are made.	这些调查结果意味着，警局实际上已被采取了特别措施，国家委员会已传唤警察局长以及警务和犯罪专员，并质询其确保“关键性改进”的计划。
The home secretary could then step in to tackle the problem if no progress is made.	如果没有进展，内务部长可能会介入解决这个问题。
A string of scandals has plagued the force, covering Hartlepool, Redcar and Cleveland, Stockton and Middlesbrough in the north east of England.	一系列丑闻困扰着警队，包括哈特尔浦、雷德卡和克利夫兰，以及英国东北部的斯托克顿和米德尔斯堡。
It has seen six chief constables in almost as many years.	在几乎六年的时间里，已经换了六名警察局长。
Former chief constable Sean Price was sacked for gross misconduct in 2012; seven officers were under investigation after journalists" phones were unlawfully monitored, and there have been long-standing claims of racism within the ranks.	前警察局长肖恩·普莱斯在2012年因严重不当行为而被解雇；七位警官因记者的手机遭到非法监听而受到调查，据说警局中还长期存在着种族主义。
Work practices were recently described by the chief inspector of constabulary as being about as "inefficient as you can possibly imagine," with officers having to share laptops and bodyworn cameras.	最近，首席监督员将警方的实际工作描述为“难以想象得效率低下”，警官不得不共用笔记本电脑和随身携带式相机。
HM Inspector of Constabulary Phil Gormley said it was a "failing force" where there had been "significant" deterioration in the last two years.	英国皇家治安监督员费尔·戈姆利表示，这是一个过去两年退化“十分显著”的“不合格警队”。
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen said the report described the "worst findings ever into any police force in the country" which was "finally the official validation" that the force is "broken" and said the Home Office needed to intervene now.	提斯谷市长本·休晨说，这份报告描述了“有史以来国内警察部队最糟糕的调查结果”，是警队已经“腐败”的“最终官方定论”，还说英国内政部必须马上介入。
He added: "It's no longer in dispute. It is a fact described in black and white in this report.	他还补充：“这已经没有争议了。这是报告中白纸黑字描述的事实。
"The findings are some of the most distressing and shocking I have ever read."	“有些调查结果是我读到过最痛心疾首和令人震惊的。”
Cleveland is one of 15 forces that has been recently inspected by HMICFRS inspectors, and the only one rated inadequate in all areas.	克利夫兰是近期督察局督察员调查的15支警队之一，也是唯一一支被评为全面不合格的警队。
Gormley added: "The force doesn't appropriately prioritise crime prevention. There is a lack of strategic direction, and the force doesn't allocate enough resources to prevention work ... It is failing to respond appropriately to vulnerable people, including children. It is missing opportunities to safeguard them and exposing them to risk."	戈姆利补充说：“该警队没有正确地把预防犯罪作为首要任务。这支警队既缺少策略上的指导，在预防工作上也没有分配足够的资源……对包括儿童在内的弱势人群，他们没有做出恰当的回应。这是在错失保护他们安全的机会，让他们暴露在危险中。”
He said senior leaders were not consistently demonstrating "ethical behaviour," and the "inappropriate behaviour of senior leaders within Cleveland is so profound that it is affecting the efficiency and effectiveness of the force."	他说，高层领导没有保持“符合道德的行为”，而“克利夫兰内部高层领导的不当行为如此严重，对警队的效率和作用都产生了影响。”
He added: "It doesn't consistently treat its workforce with fairness and respect and it doesn't effectively communicate with or engage its workforce; its processes aren't perceived to be fair and it doesn't understand its workforce well enough to support them."	他还补充：“警队没有保持以公平和尊重的态度对待员工，没有与员工进行有效的沟通，也没有与他们建立联系；他们的流程并不公正，对员工也没有足够的了解，无法提供支持。”
Despite the findings, the force did receive a small amount of praise for the way it tackles serious and organised crime but was told it must improve the way it investigates crimes.	虽然有这些调查结果，但该警队确实在应对有组织的严重犯罪方面获得了少许赞扬，但他们被告知必须改进调查犯罪的方式。
The force's police and crime commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "I am deeply concerned at the worrying contents of this report.	该警队的警察和犯罪专员巴里·科平格说：“我对这份报告中令人忧虑的内容十分关切。
"The force's recent performance is simply not good enough."	“警队最近的表现确实不够好。”
He said he had received assurances from the current chief constable Richard Lewis that "swift action" was taken as soon as he became aware of the failings.	他说，现任警察局长理查德·李维斯已作出保证，表示自己发现问题后，就立刻采取了“迅速的行动”。
Coppinger has been ordered by the Home Office to respond to the report within 56 days.	科平格已被内政部命令在56天内对这份报告作出回应。
Lewis said the report would act "as a line in the sand" for the force, adding: "Improvements have already been made and I take full responsibility for driving through the changes that are so obviously needed. In the five months I've been here I have met some exceptional police officers and staff, at all levels, and have seen lives saved and vulnerable people protected by the efforts and determination of frontline officers."	李维斯说，这份报告将成为警队的“警戒线”，并补充道：“我们已经做出了改进，我也完全有责任推动这些明显需要的改变。”在我来到这里的五个月内，遇到了一些优秀警官和各级工作人员，也看到因为一线警官的努力和决心，人们的生命得到挽救，弱势人群得到保护。”
If drastic improvements are not made quickly enough, the Government could step in, as it can when prisons are failing.	如果不能迅速作出重大改善，政府可能会介入，就像当监狱无法正常运作时一样。
But so far politicians have never had to resort to this measure with police forces, inspectors said.	但是监督员说，迄今为止，政治家还从来没有需要对警方采取这样的措施。
Kit Malthouse, minister for crime, policing and fire, said he welcomed the chief constable's "swift action to address these failings and will be monitoring the position closely," adding: "Transparency and accountability are vital for public trust in policing.	犯罪、警务和消防部长基特•马尔萨乌斯说，他对警长解决这些问题的“迅速行动”表示欢迎，并将密切关注该职位。”还补充说：“透明度和可信度是公众信任警方工作的关键。
Immanuel Christian School: Sixth-grade boys accused of pinning down black girl and cutting off her dreadlocks in Virginia	以马内利基督教会学校：弗吉尼亚州六年级男生被指控压制黑人女孩并剪掉辫子
A black middle school student from Virginia is accusing three white boys of pinning her down and cutting off her dreadlocks. The incident took place at Immanuel Christian School - where Vice President Mike Pence's wife, Karen Pence, is a teacher.	弗吉尼亚州一位黑人中学生控告三名白人男生压制住她，并剪掉她的辫子。事件发生在以马内利基督教会学校，副总统迈克·彭斯的妻子凯伦·彭斯便在此校执教。
Amari Allen, a 12-year-old student at the private K-12 Christian school, said the boys called her dreadlocks "ugly" and "nappy" before cutting them off on the playground during recess.	阿玛丽·艾伦是这家私立K-12基督教会学校的一名12岁的学生，她说，那些男生说她的辫子很“丑陋”，是“尿布”，然后在课间休息时在操场上剪掉了她的辫子。
"They kept laughing and calling me names," Amari told CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, tearing up. "They called me 'ugly,' said, 'I shouldn't have been born.' They called me 'an attention-seeker.'"	“他们不停地笑着辱骂我，”阿玛丽泪流满面地告诉CBS旗下的WUSA-TV。“他们说我很‘丑’，”还说‘我不应该被生下来。’他们说我是个‘哗众取宠的人’。”
According to WUSA, one of the boys allegedly covered Amari's mouth while another held her hands behind her back and a third took a pair of scissors to her dreadlocks.	根据WUSA报道，据称其中一名男生捂住阿玛丽的嘴，另一名男生抓住她的双手反剪在背后，而第三名男生用一把剪刀剪掉她的辫子。
Amari didn't tell her family about the incident until after her grandmother noticed the length of her hair had changed.	直到她的祖母发现她的头发变短了，阿玛丽才把这件事告诉家人。
"They ran off laughing, and I was just sitting there," Amari said.	“他们大笑着跑掉了，而我只是一直坐在那儿。”阿玛丽说。
The alleged incident occurred on Monday, but the shy preteen said she didn't tell her family about it until Wednesday, after her grandmother noticed her hair looked different. She feared retaliation if she confessed the truth, she said.	事件据说发生在周一，但这位害羞的少女说，直到周三她才告诉家人，因为她的祖母发现她的头发看起来不一样了。她说，她害怕说出事实之后遭到报复。
"It's very painful," said Cynthia Allen, Amari's grandmother. "I want to see them dismissed from the school. I want to see something done."	“真令人痛苦，”阿玛丽的祖母辛西娅·艾伦说道。“我想看到学校开除他们。我想看到有人采取措施。”
Allen's family pays nearly $12,000 per year for Amari to attend the school, which made headlines earlier this year after Karen Pence took an art teaching job at the famously anti-LGBTQ institution.	艾伦家每年要为阿玛丽支付将近1.2万美元学费，今年早些时候，凯伦·彭斯在这所著名的反性少数群体学校就任美术教师一职后，这所学校成为了头条新闻。
"We take seriously the emotional and physical well-being of all our students, and have a zero-tolerance policy for any kind of bullying or abuse," Immanuel Christian School said in a statement. "We are deeply disturbed by the allegations being made, and are in communication with the family of the alleged victim to gather information and provide whatever support we can. We have also reached out to law enforcement to ask them to conduct a thorough investigation, and further inquiries should be directed to the Fairfax County Police."	“我们严肃对待所有学生的身心健康，并对任何形式的霸凌或虐待采取零容忍政策。”以马内利基督教会学校在声明中表示。“我们对这些指控深感不安，正在与受害者的家庭沟通来收集信息，并提供我们力所能及的支持。我们也联系了执法部门，要求他们进行彻底调查，更多问题请联系费尔法克斯郡警方。”
While the school has a zero-tolerance policy for bullying, Amari said the boys had previously tormented her. She said that the boys have taken her lunch and called her names in the past.	尽管学校对霸凌行为采取零容忍政策，但阿玛丽说，那些男生之前也折磨过她。她说，那些男生以前就曾抢走她的午饭，还辱骂她。
Amari's family met with school officials Thursday, and the investigation is ongoing.	阿玛丽的家人周四会见了学校高层，调查正在进行中。
Iran releases British oil tanker Stena Impero	伊朗释放英国油轮“史丹纳帝国”
Iran released a British-flagged oil tanker on Friday, two months after it captured the vessel for allegedly entering its waters in violation of international law.	周五，伊朗释放了一艘两个月前因伊方称违反国际法进入伊朗水域而被扣押的英国油轮。
Iranian Ports and Maritime Administration confirmed that the vessel, Stena Impero, left Bandar Abbas port at 9 a.m., the state-run IRNA reported.	国营IRNA报道，伊朗港口与海事局证实，“史丹纳帝国”号油轮上午九点离开了阿巴斯港。
Erik Hanell, president and CEO of Stena Bulk, the operator of the ship, also confirmed the ship's release.	该油轮经营者、Stena Bulk航运公司总经理兼首席执行官Erik Hanell同样确认了船只已被释放。
"Stena Bulk and Northern Marine Management confirm the Stena Impero and its crew have been released," he said via Twitter.	他在推特上说：“Stena Bulk和英国北方海洋管理公司确认‘史丹纳帝国’及其船员已被释放。”
The ship was captured by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps on July 19 for having violated international maritime law when it allegedly veered into Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz.	7月19日，伊朗伊斯兰革命卫队声称“史丹纳帝国”驶入霍尔木兹海峡的伊朗水域，以涉嫌违反国际海事法为由，扣押了该油轮。
The vessel's seizure, however, was widely seen as retaliatory for British forces capturing a tanker off Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting Persian oil to Syria in violation of international sanctions. The ship was released in mid-August despite the Trump administration making a last-ditch attempt to length its detention.	然而，人们普遍认为，伊朗的扣押行为是报复性的。英国海军曾在直布罗陀扣押了一艘涉嫌违反国际制裁令将波斯石油运至叙利亚的油轮。尽管特朗普政府坚持试图延长其扣留时间，这艘船于8月中旬被释放。
The Stena Impero was officially given permission to leave on Monday but was kept in port until a probe into the ship's conduct completed, the New York Times reported.	《纽约时报》报道，“史丹纳帝国”周一正式获准离开，但直到对该船的行为调查结束为止，这艘船一直待在港口。
"The vessel has left the port of Bandar Abbas and is transiting to Dubai for the crew to disembark and receive medical checks and debriefing," Hanell said. "The families of crew members have been informed and the Company is currently making arrangements for the repatriation of its valued seafarers at the earliest possible opportunity."	Hanell说：“该船已离开阿巴斯港，正在转往迪拜，让船员上岸接受医疗检查并作汇报。我们已告知船员家属，公司重视海员，正在安排他们尽早遣返。”
The ship became victim to escalating tensions near the Persian Gulf where both the United States and Iran shot down the other's drone and at least two tankers were sabotaged by explosives, which the Trump administration has blamed Iran for.	该船成为波斯湾附近紧张局势升级的受害者。美国和伊朗都在波斯湾附近击落了对方的无人机，并且至少有两艘油轮被爆炸物破坏。特朗普政府将此归咎于伊朗。
The Trump administration most recently blamed Iran for drone attacks on Saudi Arabian oil facilities, which Tehran denies having any involvement with.	近日，特朗普政府指责伊朗对沙特阿拉伯石油设施发动无人机袭击，而德黑兰否认参与其中。
PM Modi Tweets Tribute To Jacques Chirac, Calls Him True Global Statesman, Friend Of India	印度总理莫迪推特发文哀悼雅克·希拉克，称其为名副其实的全球政治家和印度之友
Prime Minister Narendra Modi condoled the death of former French president Jacques Chirac, saying India mourns the loss of a true global statesman and friend.	印度总理纳伦德拉·莫迪（Narendra Modi）吊唁法国前总统雅克·希拉克（Jacques Chirac）的去逝，并表示印度哀悼痛失了一个名副其实的全球政治家和朋友。
Jacques Chirac, who supported India after it conducted nuclear tests in 1998, died on Thursday at age 86. He served as the president of France from 1995 to 2007.	雅克·希拉克于1995年到2007年时任法国总统，于星期四去逝，享年86岁。在1998年印度进行核试验后，其对印度持支持态度。
"My deepest condolences on passing away of Jacques Chirac. India mourns the loss of a true global statesman. A friend of India, he played a decisive role in establishing and building India-France Strategic Partnership," Prime Minister Modi tweeted.	“我向雅克·希拉克的去逝致以衷心的哀悼。印度哀悼痛失了一位名副其实的全球政治家。作为印度的朋友，他对创建印法战略合作伙伴关系起到了至关重要的作用，”总理莫迪发推特表示。
India and France have a strategic partnership, initiated in January 1998 during Jacques Chirac's first visit to India. He again visited the country as president in 2006.	雅克·希拉克首次访问印度时，印度和法国便于1998年1月建立战略合作伙伴关系。2006年他任职总统期间再次访问印度。
Jacques Chirac was known to have been suffering from ill health for a long time.	据称，雅克·希拉克已受病痛折磨了很长时间。
Uganda: Government Launches Oral HIV Self-Test Kit	乌干达：政府推行HIV自测试剂盒
Ministry of Health has launched an oral HIV self-test kit aimed at empowering citizens, especially men to carry out HIV testing.	卫生部推出了一种HIV自测试剂盒，旨在让公民、尤其是男性公民进行HIV检测。
The initiative is aimed at reducing new HIV/Aids infections by 2020.	初衷是在2020年前减少新增HIV/艾滋病感染。
The oral HIV test kit dubbed, OraQuick HIV self-test, a product of Orasure technologies, targets young people aged 18 to 24 years, men and priority populations such as sex workers.	该HIV自测试剂盒名为“OraQuick”HIV自行测试，产自Orasure科技公司，目标人群是18至24岁的青年、男性以及性工作者这类的少数群体。
"Currently we are targeting young people 18 to 24 years. For the young people that's the age bracket we are looking at but of course any one above 18 and it's because we do not have evidence of children by the Constitution but as more evidence unfolds we are going to get there. For the men, we give the kit to the mother and they take it to the partner, key and priority populations such sex workers," Mr Geoffrey Tasi, the technical officer-in-charge of HIV testing services, said yesterday.	“目前我们的目标人群是18到24岁的年轻人。对于年轻人来说，这就是我们关注的年龄段，当然还包括所有年满18岁的人。这是因为我们没有儿童研究的证据，但是随着更多证据的发现，我们也会进一步前进。对于男性，我们会把试剂盒交给母亲，她们再交给伴侣以及关键的高危人群，例如性工作者。”HIV测试服务的技术负责人乔弗里·塔司昨天说。
Easy use	简单易用
Initially, the self-test kits available involve the use of blood to detect the HIV, however, with oral HIV self-test kit, oral fluids are involved.	最初的自测试剂盒需要血液来检测HIV，然而使用HIV口腔自测试剂盒，只需要口腔液体。
The test works by detecting antibodies, the body's natural defenders against infection. If one is infected with HIV, these antibodies will be present in your blood and also in the salivia. The test will detect the antibodies in the mouth.	试剂的原理是检测抗体，即人体对抗感染的天然防御措施。如果受试者感染了HIV，这些抗体就会出现在血液和唾液中。试剂将检测口腔中的抗体。
Data by the Uganda Aids Commission (UAC) shows that Uganda is registering 1,000 new HIV/Aids infections and 500 deaths from the viral disease per week, translating into 53,000 new infections and 23,000 deaths annually.	乌干达艾滋病委员会(UAC)的数据显示，乌干达每周新增1000例HIV/艾滋病感染病例，和500起因病毒性疾病导致的死亡，即每年53000例新增感染和23000起死亡。
Dr Diana Atwine, the permanent secretary in the Ministry of Health, said this is timely and will enhance the fight against HIV/Aids.	卫生部常任秘书长戴安娜·艾特文博士表示，这次及时的举措能够加强HIV/艾滋病的防治工作。
She, however, urged the men to take HIV testing as an important issue.	而她敦促男性将HIV检测重视起来。
She added that there is still effort to reach the 14 per cent of the people, who are living with HIV but do not know their HIV status.	她补充说，还有14%的人群需要我们的帮助，他们携带HIV，却并不知道自己的HIV状态。
"Currently, 86 per cent people living with HIV know their status; that means it leave us with 14 per cent of those living with HIV and do not know their status. So how do we now utilise that additional innovation. Really for me this is it ... how do we now move from this kit and create demand, especially for that 14 per cent that are sick and they need care and they are not getting care," Dr Atwine said.	“目前，有86%的HIV携带者知道自己的情况，意味我们还有14%的HIV携带者不知道自己的情况。那么，我们现在该如何利用这次额外的创新之举呢？对我来说，这就是……我们该如何从这些试剂出发，进一步创造需求，尤其是对那14%的患者，他们需要照顾，却无法得到，”艾特文博士说道。
However, health officials warn one should not eat or drink within 15 minutes before starting the test.	卫生部官员还提醒，受试者在开始检测之前的15分钟内不应吃喝。
Mr Tasi said studies conducted showed no suicide cases and the ministry is confident that the potential of harm can be avoided because the test is voluntary.	塔司称，所做的实验显示没有自杀病例的出现，卫生部有信心避免潜在的伤害，因为检测是自愿的。
Dr Atwine said apart from graphics and videos provided to educate the users, there should be toll free numbers always available to offer counselling in both government and private facilities, including all pharmacies.	艾特文博士说，除了提供图片和视频来教育使用者外，政府、私人机构以及所有的药店都应提供免费电话咨询服务。
Research. According to the research, OraQuick HIV self-test detected more than 99 per cent of people, who were infected with HIV and people, who were not infected with HIV.	研究。根据这项研究，OraQuick HIV自测试剂能够检测出99%已感染HIV和未感染HIV的人群。
Athletes feeling the heat at Qatar world championships	卡塔尔世界锦标赛上运动员喊热
Some competitors at the world athletics championships that began on Friday have already encountered their most challenging opponent: the sweltering Qatari heat.	星期五，世界田径锦标赛拉开帷幕，而有些参赛者则已遇到最具挑战性的对手——卡塔尔的难耐酷热。
With its suffocating humidity and daytime temperatures hovering around 38 degrees Celsius, Doha weather has been widely discussed among athletes and athletics officials and seen as a cause for concern in some events.	由于让人窒息的闷热和徘徊在38摄氏度的日间温度，多哈天气备受运动员和田径运动会官方的争论，也引起人们对某些赛事的担忧。
Those competing on the road in the marathon and walking races will begin their events in the middle of the night to minimize the heat's harmful effects.	马拉松和竞走比赛因为需要动用城市道路，因此将选择午夜作为比赛开始时间以使酷热的不良影响降到最低。
Although the heat is less of a threat to the athletes competing inside the Khalifa International Stadium, where temperatures are kept at around 21 degrees with the help of a cooling system, they have still had to adjust their training because they practise at an outdoor facility.	哈利法国际体育场内由于制冷系统的运作，温度保持在21摄氏度左右，因此酷暑对场内参赛者的影响不是很大，但还是需要调整赛前训练因为参赛者是在室外运动场地练习。
"We are from a hot climate as well, but nothing to compare with this," Bahamian coach Ronald Cartwright told Reuters.	“我们也是来自气候炎热的地方，但没办法跟这里比，”巴哈马队教练罗纳德·卡特赖特（Ronald Cartwright）告诉路透社。
"Here you walk outside and it's like somebody put a heater on you. I guess that is why they are doing it at night."	“在这里，你到外面去，就感觉有人放了个热炉在你身上。也许这就是为什么要晚上比赛。”
Athletics officials have pledged additional medical and safety measures for marathon runners and race walkers.	田径运动会官方已保证为马拉松和竞走参赛者提供额外的医疗和安全措施。
The IAAF, the global governing body of athletics, said the women's marathon, scheduled to start at midnight on Friday, would go ahead as planned as temperatures would be at or below 30 degrees.	国际业余田径联合会（IAAF）为田径运动会的全球性管理机构，表示定于星期五午夜举行的女子马拉松比赛，只要温度低于30度便会如期进行。
It said its medical delegate had assured athletes that weather conditions would be monitored all day and reported to the teams "to ensure the event is run at an acceptable level of health risk."	其还表示，该机构的医疗代表已向田径运动员保证，将全天监测天气状况并向相应团队报告以“确保各个赛事以允许的健康风险水平进行”。
Track athletes competing inside the stadium said it was unlikely that the heat would significantly affect their performances, but conceded that practices have been especially draining.	体育场内的田赛参赛者表示，酷暑不太可能影响到他们的发挥，但坦承赛前练习相当耗费体力。
"At practice I'm glowing because I'm sweating because it's so humid," said Rai Benjamin, who competes in the 400m hurdles.	“练习时，我感觉全身发烫，因为我浑身是汗再加上非常湿热的天气，”拉伊·本亚明（Rai Benjamin）表示，其是400米跨栏参赛者。
"It's like I got out of the shower. But I don't think it will be that bad because of the cooling system."	“就感觉洗了个澡一样。但是事情也没那么严重，毕竟还有制冷系统在。”
Shot putter Ryan Crouser, the 2016 Olympic champion, said he has had to heat up his shots to around 38 degrees Celsius to prevent them from becoming wet during practices in the sizzling heat and high humidity.	铅球参赛者瑞安·克劳泽（Ryan Crouser）是2016年奥运会冠军，他表示，铅球得加热到38摄氏度以防练习时因为酷热和高湿而被弄湿。
"The shot is far below the dew point, the instant you take it out, it's just soaking wet and it's dripping water," the American said. "It's worse than if it was pouring down rain... We've been fighting this a little bit."	“铅球温度远低于露点温度时，你一扔出去，它立马湿透而且在滴水，”这位美国运动员表示。“比下瓢泼大雨还麻烦……克服这个问题有点费力。”
European pole vault champion Armand Duplantis, who trains in the heat of the southern U.S. state of Louisiana, said the humidity can prove helpful in practice because the addition of moisture to the chalk on his hands "makes for a really nice grip."	欧洲撑杆跳高冠军阿曼德·杜普兰蒂斯（Armand Duplantis），其有经历美国路易斯安那州南部酷热下的训练，他表示，事实证明湿热可以帮助练习，因为额外的水汽遇到手上的粉末，“让你完美一握”。
But other pole vaulters who spray a sticky grip enhancer on their hands might have more difficulty holding onto their poles in the humidity, he said.	但有些撑杆跳高运动员将粘性握力增强剂撒在手上时，湿热条件下可能不太容易握紧撑杆，他表示。
"For people who use sticky spray, I can see it being a problem because it can get a little slimy and gooey," Duplantis said.	“使用粘性增强剂恐怕会带来麻烦，因为增强剂可能会变得有点粘稠湿滑，”杜普兰蒂斯表示。
Fears of security breach at major prison as locksmith is arrested	锁匠被捕后大型监狱担心安全漏洞
A prison locksmith has been arrested amid fears keys to a jail's cells have been copied resulting in taxpayers footing a £500,000 bill to replace all its locks.	一名监狱锁匠被捕，因担心监狱牢房钥匙被复制，导致纳税人支付500000英镑更换所有锁。
HMP Wandsworth called in police amid fears that duplicates had been sold to some of its 1,400 inmates.	HMP Wandsworth监狱因担心牢房钥匙复制品被出售给其1400名囚犯中的部分囚犯而报警。
The suspected security breach will result in 3,000 locks replaced, potentially to cell, internal and outer doors.	这一安全隐患将导致3000把锁的更换，可能涉及牢房、内部和外部的门。
Police arrested a 40-year-old man at the jail on suspicion of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office on September 13. The man, from South West London, was working for the Government Facility Services Ltd, which maintains 52 jails across the south of the country.	9月13日，警方在监狱逮捕了一名40岁男子，该男子涉嫌密谋在政府部门实施不当行为。这名来自伦敦西南部的男子为政府设施服务有限公司工作，该公司负责维护英国南部的52家监狱。
The police investigation has raised concerns that imprints of some of the keys may have been taken in clay before actual copies were produced.	警方调查后，担心某些钥匙可能在实际制作复制品以前已经在粘土上取模。
However, prison bosses stressed that they had not found any evidence that inmates had obtained any keys.	但监狱主管强调，他们目前尚未找到证据表明囚犯已获得任何钥匙。
Wandsworth Prison is a Category B jail in South West London which can house up to 1,628 prisoners, making it one of the largest prisons in Western Europe. The jail, built in 1851, holds convicted male criminals and those on remand awaiting trial.	Wandsworth监狱是伦敦西南部的一家B级监狱，最多可容纳1628名囚犯，是西欧最大的监狱之一。该监狱建于1851年，关押了被定罪的男性罪犯及还押侯审人员。
A Prison Service spokeswoman said: "HMP Wandsworth has increased security at the gate and is operating extra identity checks as a result of a security incident. It would be inappropriate to comment further while a police investigation is ongoing."	一名监狱服务女发言人表示：“由于此次安全事件，HMP Wandsworth监狱已提高了大门处的安全等级，并进行额外的身份检查。警方仍在调查中，目前不宜发表更多评论。”
House chairmen warn Trump to stop attacking whistleblower	众议院多位主席警告特朗普，不得攻击举报人
"The President's comments today constitute reprehensible witness intimidation and an attempt to obstruct Congress' impeachment inquiry. We condemn the President's attacks, and we invite our Republican counterparts to do the same because Congress must do all it can to protect this whistleblower, and all whistleblowers," they said. "Threats of violence from the leader of our country have a chilling effect on the entire whistleblower process, with grave consequences for our democracy and national security."	“总统今天的言论是对证人的恐吓，以及企图阻挠国会的弹劾调查。我们谴责总统对举报人的攻击，并请我们的共和党同僚也这样做，因为国会必须尽全力保护这次的举报人以及所有举报人，”主席们说，“我们自己国家领导人的暴力威胁对整个举报体系产生了寒蝉效应，对我们的民主和国家安全都将产生严重的后果。”
The statement said Trump "is fully aware that our Committees are seeking testimony from this whistleblower and others referenced in the whistleblower's complaint released today as part of the House's impeachment inquiry, and our nation's laws prohibit efforts to discourage, intimidate, or otherwise pressure a witness not to provide testimony to Congress."	声明称特朗普“清楚地知道作为众议院弹劾调查中的一环，委员会正在收集举报人以及今天发布的举报信中提及的其他人员的证词，并且我们国家法律严禁通过劝阻、恐吓或其他向证人施压的手段来阻碍证人向国会作证的行为。”
"No officials with knowledge relevant to the committees' investigation, including knowledge of the subject of the whistleblower complaint, may be subject to any intimidation, reprisal, or threat of reprisal, and all witnesses must be made available for congressional testimony," they added.	“任何了解包括举报信在内的委员会调查内容的官员，都不应受到任何恐吓、报复或报复威胁，所有证人必须向国会作证。”他们补充道。
The statement on Thursday comes amidst an explosive week in Washington rooted in a whistleblower complaint alleging that Trump abused his official powers "to solicit interference" from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in the upcoming 2020 election, and the White House took steps to cover it up. A transcript of July phone conversation released by the White House on Wednesday shows Trump repeatedly pushed Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden and his son, Hunter.	声明发布于周四，当时华盛顿正处于一片震惊当中。举报人指控特朗普滥用职权向乌克兰总统弗拉基米尔·泽连斯基（Volodymyr Zelensky）“要求干预”即将到来的2020大选，白宫则采取措施予以掩盖。白宫周三发布的七月通话文字记录显示，特朗普反复向泽连斯基施压，要求其调查前副总统乔·拜登（Joe Biden）及其子亨特（Hunter）。
There is no evidence of wrongdoing by either Joe or Hunter Biden.	没有证据表明乔·拜登或亨特·拜登有任何不正当行为。
Even before the whistleblower complaint was made available to lawmakers, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Tuesday declared Trump had betrayed his oath of office and announced she was opening a formal impeachment inquiry into the President.	甚至在议员们收到举报信之前，众议院议长南希·佩洛西（Nancy Pelosi）就已在周二称特朗普违背了他的宣誓誓言，并宣布将正式启动对特朗普的弹劾调查。
Michelle Obama Calls Meghan Markle 'An Inspiration' In Adoring Instagram	米歇尔·奥巴马在Instagram上热切地称梅根·马克尔“激励人心”
Michelle Obama gave high praise to Meghan Markle in a sweet Instagram on Thursday, calling the Duchess of Sussex "a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it."	周四，在一条热切的Instagram中，米歇尔·奥巴马对梅根·马克尔表示高度赞扬，称这位苏克赛斯公爵夫人是“一位有思想的领袖，正在打破传统，让我们的世界变得更加美好。”
The duchess and Prince Harry, now on a 10-day royal tour of South Africa with their baby son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met Obama Foundation leaders.	公爵夫人与哈里王子正带着他们的儿子阿尔奇·哈里森·蒙巴顿-温莎在南非进行为期10天的皇室之旅，本周早些时候，他们出席了一个青年招待会，并会见了奥巴马基金会的领导。
"Thank you to my friend, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex @sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it," the former first lady wrote in her glowing post.	前第一夫人热情洋溢地发文：“感谢你，我的朋友，苏格赛斯公爵夫人殿下@sussexroyal，一位有思想的领袖，正在打破传统，让我们的世界变得更加美好。”
"Whether meeting with our @ObamaFoundation Leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many," Obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling Meghan posing with foundation leaders.	“无论是与我们的@ObamaFoundation（奥巴马基金会）领导见面，还是帮助世界各地的女孩寻求应得的教育，她都激励了许多人。”米歇尔补充说，还加上一张梅根微笑着与基金会领导合影的照片。
Meghan interviewed Obama for the September issue of British Vogue, which the former "Suits" actress guest-edited. In their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her.	梅根作为前“Suits”女星客串编辑，为英国《Vogue》9月刊采访了米歇尔。在他们坦诚的聊天中，这位前第一夫人反思了母亲的身份及其对她的改变。
"Being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go," Obama said in the interview.	米歇尔在访谈中说：“成为母亲，就是在上一门如何放手的专业课。”
"Motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be. Not who I want them to be or who I wish I was at that age, but who they are, deep inside."	“母亲的身份教会了我，大多数时候，我的工作就是给孩子探索的空间，让他们成长为自己想成为的人。不是我想让他们成为的人，或者我希望自己在这个年纪成为的人，而是他们自己内心深处的自己。”
Obama, who knows first-hand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with Good Housekeeping.	米歇尔切身体会聚集全球焦点的压力，她在接受《Good Housekeeping》采访时向公爵夫人提了几个建议。
"The pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot," she said. "So my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything."	她说：“你感受到的压力——无论来自自己还是他人——有时候会感觉很大。”“所以我最大的建议就是慢慢来，不要急着做任何事。”
She continued:	她继续说：
I spent the first few months in the White House mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before I launched into any more ambitious work. I think it's okay - it's good, even - to do that.	“我在白宫最初的几个月主要在担心我的女儿们，确保她们在学校有一个良好的开端，结识新的朋友，然后我才能开展更多工作。我觉得这么做挺好的——甚至是非常好。
Moment hero police officer rushes onto busy motorway to save dog hit by car	英雄时刻，警察冲上繁忙高速救助被撞小狗
This is the heroic moment a police officer ran out onto a busy motorway to rescue an injured dog.	这是一个英勇的时刻，一名警察冲上繁忙的高速公路救助一只受伤的小狗。
Footage from Joseph Puglia's dashcam shows him jumping out of his police car within seconds of seeing the dog get hit by another vehicle.	Joseph Puglia的行车记录仪录像显示，他在看到小狗被另一辆车撞到之后，几秒内就跳出了自己的警车。
The officer, who works in Pinellas Park, Florida, wrapped the wounded pup in an emergency blanket, placed him in his SUV rushed to the nearest animal hospital.	这名在佛罗里达皮内拉斯公园工作的警察将受伤的小狗包在急救毯中，放在他的SUV内，立即赶往最近的动物医院。
"My heart really sank until I started seeing him breathing," Mr Puglia told ABC news.	Puglia先生告诉ABC新闻：“看到他开始呼吸我才真正松了口气。”
Thankfully, the dog survived with just minor cuts and bruises.	值得庆幸的是，小狗得以幸存，仅有轻微伤口和淤青。
"We nicknamed him "Lucky" and I think the name applies," the officer said. "He's definitely one lucky dog."	这位警察说：“我们给他起了个小名叫Lucky，我觉得很适合他。他绝对是只幸运狗。”
The dog was brought to a local animal shelter and his rescuer has since been hailed as a hero.	这只小狗被带到了当地一个动物收容所。自此，救了它的警察也被盛赞为英雄。
But Mr Puglia insists he was just doing his job.	但Puglia先生坚称他只是做了分内的工作。
The officer added that if animal services cannot find the owner, some of his family members would be more than willing to give Lucky a home.	这名警察补充道，如动物服务部门无法为它找到主人，他的一些家庭成员很乐意给Lucky一个家。
After WeWork debacle, IPO market slams brakes on unprofitable companies	WeWork崩溃之后，IPO市场叫停无盈利公司
BOSTON (Reuters) - Companies making their debut on the U.S. stock market are getting a rough welcome, especially if they are losing money, casting a shadow over the calendar for initial public offerings for the rest of the year.	路透波士顿报道，首次在美国股市亮相的公司受到了不太友好的欢迎，尤其是他们如果亏损，将为全年剩余时间中的首次公开募股（IPO）日程都蒙上阴影。
The surprise postponement of the WeWork IPO has underscored how confidence is eroding in the market both for companies looking to raise capital and investors.	WeWork IPOr的意外延期，突显出市场对寻求融资的公司和投资者正在失去信心。
A more discerning market for initial public offerings continued to punish Peloton Interactive Inc PTON.O on Friday, a day after it began trading, as shares of the fitness startup fell 4% to $24.74. The company is now trading 15% below its Wednesday IPO price.	上周五，在Peloton Interactive公司开始交易的一天后，对首次公开募股更为挑剔的市场继续对其进行惩罚。这家健身初创公司的股价下跌4%至24.74美元。公司目前交易价格比其周三的IPO价格低15%。
In the past, public market investors have typically expected companies to become profitable within 18 months or so of an IPO. This timeline has been relaxed with money managers eager to add businesses with fast-growing revenue to their portfolios.	过去，公开市场投资者通常期望公司在IPO后18个月左右的时间内实现盈利。因资金经理急于将收入快速增长的业务加入其投资组合中，这一时间表已经放宽。
Recent deals, however, suggest an uncertain economic outlook is pushing investors to be more selective about the loss-making companies they are willing to back.	然而，近期交易表明，经济前景的不确定，让投资者在选择他们愿意支持的亏损公司时变得更加挑剔。
Peloton reported rapid top-line growth of 110% during the fiscal year that ended June 30. But the company also showed negative operating leverage, with operating expenses surging 147% over the prior year.	Peloton报告称，在6月30日截止的财政年度中，公司收入迅速增长，高达110%。但公司经营杠杆系数也显现负值，运营支出较上年激增147%。
Loss-making teeth-alignment company SmileDirectClub SDC.O earlier this month became the first U.S. IPO in three years to price above its target range and close down on its first trading day, according to research firm Renaissance Capital.	根据研究公司Renaissance Capital的数据，亏损的牙齿矫正公司SmileDirectClub本月早些时候，成为三年来第一家价格高于其目标区间，并在第一个交易日收盘的美国IPO。
The average IPO return in 2019 is now about 9%, down from more than 30% at the end of June and more than 18% about two weeks ago.	目前，2019年平均IPO回报率大约为9%，低于6月底的30%以上及大约两周前的18%以上。
In the United States, much of the attention in the third quarter has focused on a deal that failed to come to fruition - the planned IPO of WeWork parent We Company.	美国第三季度的注意力大多集中在一笔未能实现的交易上，即WeWork母公司We公司的IPO计划。
Having aimed to launch its IPO earlier in September, the company postponed plans to list until later in 2019, before replacing its chief executive officer and saying it was reviewing its timetable to go public.	该公司原本目标是在九月早些时候启动IPO，但后来推迟到2019年晚些时候再上市。此后公司更换了首席执行官，并表示正在重审其上市时间表。
Endeavor Group Holdings (EDR.N), an entertainment and talent agency company backed by Hollywood power broker Ari Emanuel with a track record of losses, made a last-minute decision to abandon its IPO due to the tough market conditions. Taking a lesson from the struggles earlier in 2019 of ride-hailing companies Uber Technologies (UBER.N) and Lyft Inc (LYFT.O), which have no stated timetable for becoming profitable, investors have started to push back on companies with a history of steep losses. "It will be a dialogue among bankers and boards and senior management teams where they say, "these were isolated and not comparable," or say "we have a sentiment shift and we need to be more conservative and use a different strategy,"" said David Ethridge, U.S. IPO services leader at audit firm PwC. The market was more receptive to lesser-known names such as cyber security company Ping Identity PING.N and cloud monitoring company Datadog Inc DDOG.O. Both companies have reported more modest losses and rely on selling to companies rather than to consumers.	Endeavor Group Holdings是一家由好莱坞实力经济人Ari Emanuel支持的娱乐及艺人经纪公司，曾有过亏损记录。由于严峻的市场形势，该公司在最后一刻决定放弃IPO。2019年早些时候打车公司Uber Technologies和Lyft公司的挣扎，让Endeavor Group Holdings引以为诫。这两间公司都没有明确的盈利时间表，而投资者已经开始对有急剧亏损史的公司进行反击。审计公司普华永道美国IPO服务主管David Ethridge说：“这将是银行家、董事会和高级管理团队之间的对话，他们会说‘这些是孤立个案，没有可比性’，或者说‘我们改主意了，我们必须更加保守，采取不同策略’。”市场更容易接受鲜为人知的公司，比如网络安全公司Ping Identity和云监控公司Datadog。这两家公司报出了较小亏损，并且都是依靠面对公司而不是面对消费者的销售。
Jonathan Van Ness Just Hung Out With Nancy Pelosi And They've Got A Plan	乔纳森·凡·奈斯和南希·佩洛西聚会并做好了计划
"Queer Eye" star Jonathan Van Ness strutted his stuff on Capitol Hill on Thursday, joining forces with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to discuss the Equality Act.	“粉雄救兵”的明星乔纳森·凡·奈斯周四在国会山大放异彩，与众议院议长南希·佩洛西（加利福尼民主党人）共同探讨平权法案。
The Equality Act would extend nondiscrimination protections to LGBTQ individuals in credit, education, employment, housing, federal financial assistance, jury service and public accommodations.	平权法案将在信贷、教育、就业、住房、联邦经济援助、陪审团工作和公共场所方面，扩大对LGBTQ个人的无差别保护。
The bill would amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include sexual orientation and gender identity to the list of already protected classes.	该法案将修订1964年的“民权法案”，将性取向和性别认同列入已得到保护的类别清单中。
Van Ness, who recently publicly came out as HIV positive, first shared a video of himself cat-walking in the Capitol, explaining in his caption that he'd met with the House speaker to talk Equality Act, living with HIV and access to PrEP (an HIV preventative medication):	最近公开表示自己是艾滋病毒阳性的凡·奈斯，首先分享了一段自己在国会山走猫步的视频，在文案中解释说，他刚和众议院议长见过面，讨论了平权法案、艾滋病毒感染者以及PrEP（一种预防艾滋病的药物）的获取：
He then shared a longer post picturing the two of them arm in arm, urging his followers to stand up to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and apply pressure to GOP senators to bring the Equality Act up for a Senate vote:	他随后分享了一段更长的帖子，描绘了他们两人手挽手的画面，号召他的粉丝站出来面对参议院多数党领袖米切·麦康奈尔（肯塔基州共和党人），并对共和党参议员施加压力，要求他们将平权法案提交给参议院表决：
Pelosi introduced the Equality Act on March 13. The House passed the legislation in May. It has not yet been brought to the Senate floor.	佩洛西在3月13日提出了平权法案。众议院在5月通过了这条法案。还没有提交给参议院讨论。
In August, the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to essentially legalize anti-gay discrimination in the workplace, arguing in an amicus brief that the federal laws on employer discrimination in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 were not intended to protect individuals from being fired based on their sexual orientation.	8月，特朗普政府基本上要求美国最高法院将工作场合中的反同性恋歧视合法化，并在法庭之友意见书中争辩说，1964年“民权法案”关于雇主歧视的联邦法律，并不是为了保护个人不因性取向而被解雇。
Pelosi met earlier this year with Van Ness and three of his "Queer Eye" co-stars as well as Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.), to talk policy and promote the bill.	今年早些时候，佩洛西与凡·奈斯和他的其他三位联袂主持“粉雄救兵”的明星，以及众议院议员亚历山大·奥卡西奥-科泰兹（纽约州民主党人），共同讨论政策并宣传该法案。
On Thursday, Pelosi shared her own image of herself and Van Ness warmly holding hands on a balcony, thanking him for bringing his voice to the fight:	周四，佩洛西分享了一张她和凡·奈斯在阳台上热情地拉着手的照片，感谢他为这场战斗发出自己的声音。
David Attenborough working on new documentary about animals and colour	大卫·爱登堡正在制作关于动物与色彩的新纪录片
David Attenborough is 93-years-old but the iconic nature guru is not slowing down just yet.	大卫·爱登堡现年93岁，但仍是一位标志性的自然界专家，全无减缓创作之势。
No, after the success of his groundbreaking Netflix documentary Our Planet, the much loved star is set to return with another series: Life In Colour.	不，在他划时代的网飞纪录片《我们的星球》大获成功之后，这位深受人们喜爱的明星制作人决定携新系列《彩色生命》回归。
This time, the father-of-two will look at how animals use colour in their lives through high-tech cameras that were built especially for the programme.	这次，他作为两个孩子的父亲，将使用为节目专门制作的高科技相机，观察动物如何在生活中使用色彩。
The BBC have revealed that the star aims to show "a world of colour normally invisible to human eyes" - and it sounds truly fascinating.	BBC透露，这位明星制作人将展示“一个人类肉眼通常无法看到的彩色世界”，听起来的确相当迷人。
However, despite fans being eager for the upcoming release, it seems we all need to sit tight as it won't be dropping on our screens until 2021.	不过，虽然影迷们翘首以盼，我们似乎仍需挺直腰板坚持等到2021年，该片才会播出。
But we're sure it'll be worth the wait.	但我们坚信，等待会是值得的。
Earlier this month, David was presented with the TV Choice Lifetime Achievement Award, at the prestigious ceremony in London.	本月早些时候，大卫在伦敦举行的盛大典礼上获得电视选择终身成就奖。
The national treasure has entertained millions over his career, which has so far spanned 60 years.	这位国宝级大师在其职业生涯给无数人带来欢乐，如今已有60年。
When collecting his gong, the reporter enthused: "Indeed. What I do isn't always entertaining, and sometimes people hear things they don't like!	他在接受奖章时热情地说：“的确。我做的东西并不是一直都给人带来欢乐，有时人们会听到他们不喜欢听的事！
"But this is an honour and a great pleasure."	“但这是我是荣幸。”
TV Choice said of the winner: "Still working, learning and making programmes Sir David Attenborough isn't just a British hero, he's a global icon."	电视选择表示：“大卫·爱登堡爵士仍在工作、学习、制作，他不止是一位英国英雄，也是一个全球标志。”
This week, David was celebrated once again as a polar research ship was named after him.	本周，一艘极地考察船以大卫·爱登堡的名字命名，再次对他进行称颂。
The star joined both Prince William and Kate for the naming ceremony in Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead, Merseyside.	这位明星制作人与威廉王子及凯特王妃一同参加了默西塞德郡伯肯黑德Cammell Laird船厂的命名典礼。
He said: "It's no news to any of you that the world is facing great, great problems and the most aware of that are the young people of today, who will inherit this world.	他说：“对这个世界面临的巨大困难，大家不会陌生。其中，即将继承这个世界的年轻人，有着最为清晰的认识。”
"Great problems require great research and facts in order to solve them.	“要解决巨大的困难，需要伟大的研究和事实。
"That's what this astonishing ship will be here to do, to find out the facts and find the science with which to deal with problems that are facing the world today and will increasingly do so tomorrow."	“这里这艘惊人的船，正是要做这件事，去发现事实，发现科学，让我们得以解决当今世界所面临的问题，以及以后更将面临的问题。”
Life In Colour is expected to air on BBC Two in 2021, while it's said Netflix will retain global rights.	《彩色生命》将于2021在BBC播出。据悉，网飞将保留其全球版权。
Don't use my wife's name to score points, says husband of murdered MP Jo Cox	遇害议员乔·考克斯的丈夫：不要用我妻子的名字拉拢人心
The husband of Jo Cox said his wife's name must not be used to score political points after Jeremy Corbyn last night posted footage of the murdered MP to criticise Boris Johnson.	昨晚杰里米·科尔宾发布遇害议员乔·考克斯的短片来批判鲍里斯·约翰逊之后，乔·考克斯的丈夫说他妻子的名字不能用来当作政客拉拢人心的工具。
The Labour leader's film featured clips of Mrs Cox and a vigil held after her death, with the caption: "Boris Johnson does not care about violence on our streets."	这位工党领袖发布的短片包含考克斯夫人本人和她去世后的守夜片段，附文称：“鲍里斯·约翰逊不在乎我们街头发生的暴力。”
Critics said Mr Corbyn was using her murder to score "cheap political points" while her husband Brendan Cox said the Labour leader was "wrong" to infer hateful language was a "simple party political issue."	有人批评科尔宾先生利用乔·考克斯的遇害“拉拢廉价同情票”，而乔·考克斯的丈夫布伦丹·考克斯表示，工党领袖以仇恨言论为“单纯政党政治问题”的推断是“错误的”。
Mr Cox said: "Jeremy is right that the best way to honour Jo is to defeat hatred and division. He's also right the PM has a particular responsibility.	考克斯先生说：“杰里米是对的，纪念乔最好的方法是打败仇恨和分裂。他也正确指出了首相负有特别责任。“
"But he's wrong to infer this is a simple party political issue. Jo was passionately Labour but some things must transcend party politics."	“但他认为这只是个单纯政党政治问题，这是错误的。乔热衷于工党，但有些事必须超越政党政治。”
He also shared a post which said Jo Cox's name was "more than a political scoring point" with the caption "This. Thank you." Mr Corbyn was facing a backlash for his video which opens with him talking about Mrs Cox's murder three years ago by a far-Right activist in her West Yorkshire constituency.	他还分享了一篇帖子，称乔·考克斯的名字“不仅是政客拉拢人心的工具”，附文为：“这个。谢谢。”科尔宾先生的视频遭到强烈抵制，他在视频开头谈到了三年前考克斯女士被其西约克郡选区一名极右翼谋杀一事。
Speaking over a montage of clips of Mrs Cox, Mr Johnson and female MPs, Mr Corbyn said: "This Prime Minister knows these words can promote violence and have real consequences. He wants division. Clearly, he doesn't care about the violence on our streets."	伴随这一系列考克斯女士、约翰逊先生和其他女性议员的蒙太奇剪辑，科尔宾先生说：“这位首相明白这些语言会助长暴力，并带来实际后果。他想要分裂。很明显，他不在乎我们街头发生的暴力。”
He goes on to criticise Mr Johnson and call for a Labour government.	他继续批判约翰逊先生，并呼吁成立工党政府。
Mr Corbyn added: "Many are deeply concerned about the language used by Boris Johnson, language which is being repeated by the far-Right. When this was raised with him by women MPs, who themselves face death threats, he arrogantly dismissed them. It was nothing short of disgraceful." Former Labour MP John Woodcock shared the video and said: "You can really shut up. Disgusting."	科尔宾先生补充道：“很多人为鲍里斯·约翰逊的用语感到困扰，极右翼正在重复他的语言。当那些正面临死亡威胁的女议员向他指出这个问题后，他却傲慢地无视她们。这简直是太不像话了。”前工党议员约翰·伍德科克分享了该视频，并评论：“你真的可以闭嘴了。恶心。”
Meanwhile Tory MP and business minister Nadhim Zahawi said: "You are so wrong to use Jo Cox in this way, when her family have specifically asked for her not to be used in this way. To be kept out of politics.	与此同时，保守党议员兼英国商务部长纳齐姆·扎哈维说：“你这样利用乔·考克斯，实在大错特错。她的家人已经特地要求不要以这种方式利用她，不要再将她名字牵扯进政治。”
"If you have an ounce of decency Jeremy Corbyn you would take this video down." It follows a row over language in Parliament this week in which Mr Johnson said that the "best way" to honour Mrs Cox was to "get Brexit done." Her sister Kim Leadbeater called for a dialling down of extreme language saying it was "not helpful to Jo's kids."	“如果你还有一丝礼貌，杰里米·科尔宾，你应该撤下这个视频。”继本周国会上发表的一系列言论后，约翰逊先生说纪念考克斯女士“最好的方式”就是“完成脱欧”。考克斯女士的姐姐Kim Leadbeater呼吁减少极端语言，她说这“对乔的孩子毫无帮助”。
She told ITV: "For me to come out and say outrageous things about Boris Johnson - I just don't think that's a useful way of moving forward. I can say what I think is right and what I think is wrong but I'm going to try and do that in a measured manner."	她告诉ITV：“我只是觉得，让我站出来疯狂批判鲍里斯·约翰逊，对事情的进展毫无益处。我可以说我认为什么是对的，什么是错的，但我会尝试做到字斟句酌。”
The daughter of Labour MP Yvette Cooper spoke out yesterday to say she constantly fears for her mother's life because of the way people speak about politicians.	工党议员伊维特·库珀的女儿昨日表示，由于人们谈论政客的方式，她对母亲的生命感到担忧。
House rebukes Trump on border wall, but he plans veto	众议院就边境城一事谴责特朗普，而特朗普打算否决
The Democratic-controlled House is making a second attempt to overturn President Donald Trump's use of emergency powers to raid military base projects such as schools and target ranges to pay for his long-promised border fence.	总统唐纳德·特朗普动用紧急状态权力，攫取建设学校和靶场等军事基地项目的经费来修建他早就承诺的边境墙。民主党主导的众议院正为扭转这一局面进行第二次尝试。
The 236-174 vote sent the legislation to Trump, who is sure to veto it just as he killed a similar measure in March.	236票赞成、174票反对的结果将该法案交到特朗普手中，而他3月就曾扼杀了一项类似议案，这次也一定会予以否决。
The Senate passed the measure last week with about a dozen veteran Republican lawmakers rebuking Trump.	参议院上周通过了这项议案，约有十几名资深共和党议员谴责特朗普。
Friday's vote was different because it followed the recent release by the administration of a list of 127 military construction projects totaling $3.6 billion that will be canceled to pay for the border wall, including numerous projects in GOP districts and states.	周五的投票有所不同，因为这次投票是在政府最近公布127个军事建设项目名单之后进行的。总额36亿美元的这些项目将被取消，以支付边境墙的费用，其中包括许多共和党地区和州的项目。
Brazil says oil in spill along northeast beaches not Brazilian	巴西表示其东北海岸出现的原油泄漏并非巴西所为
Brazil's environmental agency Ibama said on Thursday that an analysis of a vast oil spill along the country's northeastern beaches showed the spilled crude did not originate in the country.	巴西环境机构环境和可再生资源协会（Ibama）于星期四表示，根据对该国东北海岸大片泄漏原油的分析结果，泄漏原油并非来自巴西。
Ibama said in a statement that it had been investigating the spill in several beaches in some northeastern states since Sept. 2. Local media showed pictures of sea turtles coated in black tar by the slick.	Ibama在一讲话中表示，9月2日以来，其正调查东北几个州某些海岸的原油泄漏。当地媒体登出海龟遭浮油围裹于黑色沥青的图片。
The spill spans over 1,500 kilometers (932 miles) of Brazil's northeast coast, affecting wildlife and polluting some of the postcard beaches in one of the nation's top touristic destinations, such as Praia do Futuro, in the state of Ceara, and Maragogi, in Alagoas state.	此次原油泄漏波及巴西东北部1500千米（923英里）的海岸，野生动物因此遭殃，该国热门旅游目的地之一某些如诗如画的海滩如塞阿拉州的未来海滩（Praia do Futuro）、阿拉戈斯州的马拉戈日，也受到污染。
Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA said in a statement that it had concluded after a molecular analysis of the oil that the crude spilled was not produced nor sold by the company.	巴西国有石油公司巴西石油公司（Petroleo Brasileiro SA）在一讲话中表示，根据对原油的分子分析结果，其认定泄漏原油并非由该公司生产或销售。
Crude oil is tested before export to make sure it complies with the standards of the refinery it is being shipped to. Crude oil from different fields can be identified according to a series of chemical signatures, including levels of sulfur and nitrogen, acidity and viscosity.	原油出口前会经过检测以保证其符合进口地炼油厂的标准。根据一系列化学标记，包括硫氮元素的含量、酸度、粘度，可以识别产自不同油田的原油。
The head of Brazil's oil agency ANP Decio Oddone said the agency believes the oil could have been spilled by a tanker transporting the crude far from the Brazilian coast, but added this possibility has not yet been confirmed yet. An ANP statement said there were no reports of spills by any operator of oil drilling rigs in the country.	巴西石油部门巴西国家石油管理局（ANP ）局长德西奥·奥多内（Decio Oddone）表示，该部门认为本次原油泄漏可能由某艘远离巴西海岸的运油油轮引起，但补充道尚不确定此猜测。ANP在一声明中表示，尚未接到国内任一钻油平台负责方的原油泄漏报告。
Some marine turtles were contaminated by the oil. They were rescued alive in the state of Rio Grande do Norte and sent to rehabilitation centers. Other animals were found dead, Ibama said, without disclosing species or numbers.	某些海龟惨遭原油毒害。在北里奥格兰德州，海龟被救活后会送到动物康复中心。其他的动物则已经死亡，Ibama表示，但没有透露具体物种或数字。
Petrobras, as the state oil company is known, said in a statement that even though it was not involved in the spill it was contributing to the clean-up efforts, with some 100 Petrobras employees helping clean the beaches.	巴西石油（Petrobras）又称巴西国家石油公司，在一讲话中表示，其虽然未涉及到此次原油泄漏，但还是在尽力执行清理工作，有出动100名员工帮助清理海滩。
Skoda to provide drivers with voice activated digital assistant	斯柯达将为驾驶员提供声控数字助理
Skoda is to introduce a digital assistant that can be activated with a verbal command. In an announcement Wednesday, the Czech car maker said the digital assistant could be activated by the phrase "Okay, Laura."	斯科达即将推出一款可通过口头指令激活的数字助理。这家捷克汽车制造商在周三的一份公告中表示，说出“Okay，Laura“即可唤醒数字助理。
The system, which supports six languages, is able to undertake a range of tasks including starting navigation to a destination and searching for music. It will initially be available in models of the Kamiq city SUV and the compact Scala. Part of the Volkswagen Group since 1991, the Skoda brand delivered 1.25 million vehicles globally in 2018, according to its annual report.	该系统支持六种语言，可执行包括开始目的地导航和搜索音乐等一系列任务。柯米克（Kamiq）城市SUV和紧凑型Scala两款车型会最先配备该系统。斯科达自1991年起成为大众集团子公司，据其年报，斯科达品牌于2018年在全球交付了125万辆汽车。
The company's introduction of a virtual, voice activated assistant mirrors efforts by other manufacturers in the sector. Some BMW cars, for instance, are now equipped with an "intelligent personal assistant" which can be activated by using a button, a personal activation word or the phrase "Hello, BMW." Verbal commands can be used to, among other things, activate seat heating, get information on tire pressure, and adjust the in-car temperature.	斯科达公司推出虚拟声控助理反映了汽车行业其他制造商的努力重点。比如，部分宝马车型现配备有“智能个人助理”，该系统可通过按键、个性激活词或短语“你好，宝马”激活。口头指令可用于激活座椅加热、获取胎压信息及调整车内温度等。
"Voice is the ideal interaction tool in the vehicle," Jack Palmer, a senior connected car specialist at SBD Automotive, said in a statement sent to CNBC via email on Thursday.	英国汽车咨询公司SBD的一位互联汽车专家Jack Palmer在周四发给CNBC的一封电子邮件声明中说道：“语音是理想的车内交互工具。”
"If the lion's share of commands from the driver can be inputted through virtual assistants, rather than fiddling around with touchscreens and buttons, the current epidemic of driver distraction will be greatly mitigated," Palmer added. "Automakers have realized this and the race is on for them to integrate their own solutions or partner with consumer electronics companies such as Google and Amazon."	“如果可以通过虚拟助手输入驾驶员的大部分指令，而非让驾驶员自己操作触控屏和按钮，那将可以大幅减少驾驶员分心的情况，”Palmer补充道，“汽车制造商已经意识到这点，现在他们正在竞争如何整合自己的解决方案或与谷歌、亚马逊等消费电子企业合作。”
The moves by firms such as Skoda and BMW point to a potential shift in the way people interact with their cars. Hannah Keshishian, an automotive analyst at market intelligence firm Mintel, told CNBC via email that one of its recent reports had highlighted how nearly 40% of U.S. consumers who owned a vehicle "would like to use a digital personal assistant in their vehicle." This, she added, "opens the door to greater possibilities for digital assistant vehicle connectivity."	斯科达和宝马等公司的举动表明，人类和汽车的交互方式可能发生改变。市场情报公司英敏特（Mintel）的一位汽车分析师Hannah Keshishian在一封邮件中告诉CNBC，其最近的一份报告中强调了近40%的美国车主“希望在汽车中使用个人数字助理。”她补充道，这“为数字助理汽车互联提供了更多可能。”
Ghana: World Rabies Day Observed	加纳：世界狂犬病日活动
The 13th World Rabies Day was marked in Accra on Wednesday with a call on pet owners to vaccinate their dogs in order to safeguard the lives of the citizenry.	周三在阿克拉市举行了第13届世界狂犬病日活动，呼吁宠物主人为宠物狗接种疫苗，以保障公民的生命安全。
The programme which was held under the theme "Rabies: Vaccinate to eliminate" was organised by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture Veterinary Service.	活动主题为“接种疫苗，消除狂犬病”，由联合国粮农组织(FAO)与农业与兽医服务部联合举办。
It was aimed at highlighting the essential role of mass canine vaccination in rabies elimination in the country.	活动目的是强调大规模接种犬类疫苗在国内消灭狂犬病的重要作用。
Addressing the conference, the Assistant Director General and FAO Representative to Ghana, Mr Abebe Haile-Gabriel indicated that the issue of rabies could be minimised if efforts were geared towards vaccination and keeping stray animals away from humans especially children.	助理总干事兼粮农组织驻加纳代表Abebe Haile-Gabriel在会议上发言表示，如果努力接种疫苗，并让流浪动物远离人群，尤其是儿童，狂犬病问题就可以降到最低限度。
According to him, the 'Zero by 30' Global Strategic Plan "of the 500,000 people who died from rabies each year, 40 per cent are children living in Asia and Africa," and called for holistic approach to deal with the situation to save kids from rabies.	据他所说，“2030年前清零”全球战略计划中，“每年死于狂犬病的50万人中，40%是亚洲和非洲的儿童”，并呼吁采取整体性方法应对这种情况，保护儿童免受狂犬病的困扰。
Mr Haile-Gabriel stated that most stray animals carried rabies and re-echoed the need for the country to supplement the United against Rabies 2030 strategy that requires the pet owners to vaccinate animals that carried zoonotic diseases.	Haile-Gabriel表示，大多数流浪动物都携带狂犬病毒，并再次表示国家需要对“2030年联合抗击狂犬病战略”进行补充，要求宠物主人对携带人畜共患疾病的动物接种疫苗。
He underscored the need for the country to embark on five-year campaign and vaccination programme to create awareness to eliminate potential exposure of human to rabies.	他强调，国家需要开展五年计划和疫苗项目以提高人们的认识，消除人类暴露于狂犬病毒的潜在可能性。
A comprehensive roadmap for progressive elimination of rabies, he noted had been rolled out through the Ghana Rabies and Prevention Action Plan (2018-2030) to end epidemics of neglected tropical diseases by 2030.	他指出，逐步消除狂犬病的全面蓝图已通过“加纳狂犬病和预防措施计划(2018-2030)”展开，以在2030年前结束这种被人忽视的热带疾病的流行。
Mr Haile-Gabriel pledged the readiness of the FAO to collaborate with other stakeholders in preventing and controlling rabies in the country.	Haile-Gabriel保证，粮农组织愿意与其他利益相关方合作，对国内的狂犬病进行预防和控制。
Dr Owen Kaluwa, the World Health Organisation (WHO) Representative to Ghana observed that rabies was an endemic which had to be controlled to save lives.	世界卫生组织(WHO)驻加纳代表欧文·卡卢瓦博士指出，狂犬病作为一种传染病，必须加以控制，以挽救人们的生命。
He explained that through the "Zero human rabies deaths by 2030" strategy, countries were supported to develop and implement their national rabies elimination plans that embrace the One Health Concept and cross sectoral collaboration.	他解释说，通过“2030年前清零人类狂犬病死亡”战略，支持各国制定与实施本国狂犬病消除计划，包括“健康一体概念”和跨部门合作。
Dr Kaluwa noted that 99 per cent of zoonotic disease like rabies was transmitted from dogs to humans, adding that One Health approach to controlling and ultimately eliminating human rabies was expedient.	卡卢瓦博士指出，99%的狂犬病等人畜共患疾病是由狗传染给人类的，并补充说，“健康一体”策略对于控制和最终消灭人类狂犬病是有利的。
Director of Veterinary Service, Dr Asiedu Baah lamented that rabies had become global burden.	兽医服务部长Asiedu Baah博士感叹，狂犬病已成为全球负担。
"Though rabies has no cure, the infection is vaccine preventable, hence its elimination is feasible therefore any animal owner must ensure their animals are vaccinated," he stated.	“虽然狂犬病无法治愈，但可以用疫苗来预防感染，因此消灭狂犬病是可能的，而所有宠物主人必须确保宠物接种疫苗，”他说。
Dr Baah said although rabies was fully preventable using appropriate sustainable control strategies, lack of funds and concerted efforts had continued to result in escalation of human death and the spread of the endemic.	Baah博士说，尽管使用适当而可持续的控制措施完全可以预防狂犬病，但由于缺乏资金和共同努力，仍在导致人类死亡数量增加以及疾病的传播。
"It is imperative that the animal sector is adequately resourced to prevent transmission of rabies in dogs as a protective measure against the disease," he added.	“动物部门急需充足的资源来预防犬类狂犬病的传播，作为对抗疾病的保护措施。”他补充道。
The 12-year-old who "silenced the world"	“让世界沉默”的12岁女孩
Greta Thunberg has established herself as the planet's spokeswoman on climate change at the tender age of 16. But long before social media, another teenager was scolding UN leaders on the world stage 27 years ago.	格蕾塔·桑伯格在青涩的16岁那年已经成为了全球气候变化的发言人。但早在27年前，社交媒体尚未出现之时，就有另外一位青少年在世界舞台上指责了联合国领导人。
In the year since she organized school walkouts in her native Sweden to protest climate change, Greta Thunberg's environmental crusade has been unavoidable, culminating on Monday in an angry and passionate speech before the UN's Climate Action Summit, in which she lambasted politicians for stealing her "dreams" and her "childhood" with "empty words" while humanity stares down "a mass extinction."	自从格蕾塔·桑伯格在她的祖国瑞典组织学校罢课抗议那年起，她的环保运动势不可挡，并在周一联合国气候峰会前的一次愤慨的演讲中达到高峰。她在演讲中抨击政客用“空话”偷走了她的“梦想”和“童年”，而人类正面临“大灭绝”。
Thunberg's grim pronouncements have earned her savage criticism, and glowing praise. New York Magazine called her "the Joan of Arc of climate change," while The Guardian ranked her speech alongside President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address for its historical significance.	桑伯格的严厉声明给她带来了猛烈抨击和热情赞扬。《纽约杂志》盛赞她为“与气候危机作战的圣女贞德”，而《卫报》称，这一演讲的历史意义，堪比林肯总统的葛底斯堡演说。
Then again, they said the same about Severn Cullis-Suzuki in 1992. Long before Thunberg deadpanned to parliamentarians that "we probably don't even have a future any more," and netizens tore each other to shreds attacking and defending her, 12-year-old Cullis-Suzuki became known as the "The girl who silenced the world for five minutes" when she delivered a similar sermon before the UN Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro.	但他们在1992年就曾对珊文·古立斯-铃木说过一样的话。远在桑伯格面无表情地告诉国会议员“我们可能根本就没有未来”之前，远在攻击和支持桑伯格的网民争得你死我活之前，12岁的珊文铃木就已在里约热内卢举行的联合国地球峰会上发表了类似演说，并被誉为“让世界沉默五分钟的女孩”。
The tone of Cullis-Suzuki's speech is strikingly similar to Thunberg's. "We've come...to tell you adults that you must change your ways," she opened, just like Thunberg told the assembled adults "we will not let you get away with this."	珊文铃木与桑伯格的语气如出一辙。她开场便道：“我们是来……告诉你们成年人，你们必须改变你们的方式。”正如桑伯格对台下的成年人说：“我们不会让你就此逃脱。”
Just as Thunberg told the UN summit "we are in the beginning of a mass extinction and all you can talk about is the money and fairytales of eternal economic growth," Cullis-Suzuki told leaders that "losing my future is not like losing an election or a few points on the stock market."	再比如，桑伯格在联合国峰会上说：“我们正处于一场大灭绝的初始阶段，而你们现在讨论的只有金钱和经济永恒增长的童话故事，”而珊文铃木对领袖们说：“失去我的未来，跟输掉一场选举或股市上的几个点是不一样的。”
And underpinning both girls" messages was a nihilistic fatalism. "I am afraid to go out in the sun now because of the hole in our ozone. I am afraid to breathe the air because I don't know what chemicals are in it," Cullis-Suzuki said in 1992. Striking schoolchildren in 2019 carry banners reading "You'll die of old age, I'll die of climate change."	两个女孩演讲的根基都是虚无主义宿命论。珊文铃木1992年说：“因为臭氧层空洞，现在我害怕出门走在阳光下，我害怕呼吸空气，因为我不知道里面有什么化学物质。”2019年罢课的学生们举着标语：“你们会寿终正寝，我们则将死于气候变化。”
The environmental problems addressed by Cullis-Suzuki reflect the world of the early 1990s, when deforestation, the depletion of the ozone layer, and the extinction of species were the ecological concerns de jour. Yet humanity has been fairly successful at resolving those problems in the intervening years. Thanks to a landmark chemicals ban, ozone depletion has slowed dramatically, and forest cover worldwide has increased by an area the size of Texas and Alaska combined.	珊文铃木提出的环境问题反映了20世纪90年代初的世界，砍伐森林、臭氧层消耗和物种灭绝是当时聚焦的生态问题。但在人类对此进行干预的几年中，这些问题已得到相当成功的解决。由于划时代的化学物质禁令，臭氧层消耗速度大大降低，全球森林覆盖所增加的面积，相当于得克萨斯州和阿拉斯加州的总和。
Cullis-Suzuki herself went on to found an environmental think tank and work for UN Secretary General Kofi Annan's Special Advisory Panel in the early 2000s.	珊文铃木后来自己组建了一个环境智囊团，并在2000年代初为联合国秘书长科菲·安南的特别顾问小组工作。
So what does the future have in store for Thunberg? Well that depends how you look at Cullis-Suzuki's example. On one hand, none of her worst fears came to pass. On the other, world governments still have ecological problems to contend with, and are still being lectured by children about them.	那桑伯格未来将会如何呢？好吧，这取决于你如何看待珊文铃木的经历。一方面，她最害怕的事情都没发生；另一方面，全球各国政府仍需与生态问题进行斗争，也仍然因此受到孩子们的教训。
Assuming the world as we know it still exists 27 years from now - as Thunberg says it won't unless we slash carbon emissions to absolute zero in the next decade or so - then the teenage activist will likely look back on a long UN and NGO career that kicked off with one famous speech.	据桑伯格所言，如果我们不能在未来十年左右将碳排量减至零，27年后我们所知的世界将不复存在。假设27年后这个世界仍然存在，那么这位激进青年很可能会有一段由著名演讲而开启的漫长的联合国和非政府组织职业生涯供她回顾。
By then, another concerned child will likely be delivering a passionate warning about acid rain in the Martian colonies.	到那个时候，又会有另外一个忧心忡忡的孩子为火星殖民地的酸雨愤然发出警报。
SNP could support Jeremy Corbyn as temporary PM to stop no-deal Brexit	苏格兰民族党(SNP)可能支持杰瑞米·科尔宾就任临时首相以阻止无协议脱欧
The SNP has signalled it could support installing Jeremy Corbyn in Downing Street on a temporary basis to thwart a no-deal Brexit.	苏格兰民族党表示，他们可能支持杰瑞米·科尔宾在唐宁街暂时上位，以阻止无协议脱欧。
As tensions between MPs and Downing Street deepened, Nicola Sturgeon suggested it could row in behind the Labour leader as a caretaker prime minister until a general election.	随着议员与唐宁街之间的紧张关系加深，尼古拉·斯特金暗示，他们可能会支持工党领袖出任临时首相，直到再次大选。
Mr Corbyn called on rebel Tories and opposition MPs to back him to lead a temporary administration in August - but the move was met with resistance, particularly from the Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson.	科尔宾呼吁托利党反叛人士和反对派议员支持他在八月领导临时政府，但此举遇到了阻力，尤其是自由民主党领袖乔·斯文森的抵制。
Under the proposals, opposition parties would seek to oust Boris Johnson in a vote of no confidence and then form a unity government that would seek an extension to prevent the UK crashing out of the EU on 31 October.	根据提议，反对党将寻求在不信任投票中罢免鲍里斯·约翰逊，然后组建一个联合政府并寻求延期，以阻止英国在10月31日匆匆脱离欧盟。
The plan failed to gain cross-party support at the time, but senior figures in the SNP are concerned that Mr Johnson could defy a law forcing him to delay Brexit if there is no deal in place before 19 October.	该计划当时并未达成跨党派的支持，但苏格兰民族党的高层担心，如果10月19日前还未达成协议，约翰逊可能会违背迫使他推迟脱欧的法律。
Nicola Sturgeon, the SNP leader, suggested that Mr Corbyn could be brought in to secure the extension as leaving Mr Johnson in charge would be a "terrible idea."	苏格拉民族党领袖尼古拉·斯特金建议，可以请科尔宾来确保延期，因为让约翰逊负责是一个“可怕的想法”。
Responding to a tweet suggesting installing the Labour leader or another temporary prime minister, she said: "Agree with this.	她在回应一条建议推选工党领袖或者其他临时首相的推特中说：“同意这一点。
"Vote of no confidence, opposition unites around someone for sole purpose of securing an extension, and then immediate general election.	“进行不信任投票，反对派联合起来支持某人，只为确保延期，然后立即进行大选。
"Nothing is risk free but leaving Johnson in post to force through no deal - or even a bad deal - seems like a terrible idea to me."	“虽然一切都有风险，但让约翰逊留任，强行通过无协议、甚至是糟糕的协议，对我而言似乎是个可怕的想法。”
Veteran MPs Harriet Harman and Ken Clarke have both been named as potential figures to lead a unity government but a senior SNP source insisted it had to be the Labour leader.	资深议员哈里特·哈尔曼和肯·克拉克均被提名为可能领导联合政府的人选，但苏格兰民族党的一位高层信息人士坚持认为必须是工党领袖。
"It is increasingly clear that we will have to install a new prime minister via a vote of no confidence, so that we can request a delay to Brexit and hold an election," the source told ITV's Robert Peston.	“越来越明显的是，我们必须通过不信任投票推选一位新首相，这样我们才能请求延期脱欧，并举行大选。”消息人士告诉ITV的罗伯特·派森。
"Trying to find a compromise candidate, a national unity candidate, is too complicated, especially in the time we have. Whether people like it or not, the temporary prime minister has to be Corbyn."	“试图找到一位折中的候选人，一位国内一致同意的候选人，实在太复杂了，尤其在我们不多的时间里。无论人们喜欢与否，临时首相必须是科尔宾。”
An SNP spokesperson said the party was committed to stopping a no-deal Brexit and removing "this dangerous and undemocratic prime minister as soon as possible."	苏格兰民族党的一位发言人表示，民族党会坚定地阻止无协议脱欧，并“尽快解除这位危险而不民主的首相”。
The spokesperson said: "It is now possible - if the political will is there - that parties could come together to ensure that the letter to secure an extension is not left in the hands of Boris Johnson and his cronies, who are determined to find a way to get around the Benn Act, but is instead sent by a temporary caretaker prime minister, who would be in office only as long as is necessary to send the letter, with an election held immediately afterwards.	这位发言人说：“如果有政治意愿的话，各党派有共同合作的可能，确保这封保证延期的信不要落在鲍里斯·约翰逊及其亲信手中，他们会坚持找到绕过Benn法案的方法；反而让临时首相发出这封信，而他在任的时间只需到发送信件为止，之后便立刻举行大选。”
"We remain open to all options to achieve the aim of stopping a no-deal Brexit and getting rid of Boris Johnson."	“我们仍然对所有能够实现阻止无协议脱欧、罢免鲍里斯·约翰逊的选择保持开放态度。”
Even with SNP support, it would come down to a knife-edge vote for Mr Corbyn. There are 288 Tory MPs, as well as 10 Democratic Unionists, so the opposition would need some of the 34 independent MPs to come on board.	即使有苏格兰民族党的支持，对科尔宾来说依然是一次悬而未决的投票。现有288名托利党议员，还有10位民主统一党员，所以反对派还需要34名独立议员中的一些人支持。
Labour argued that the plan was the "simplest and most democratic way to stop no deal."	工党认为，该计划是“阻止无协议最简单和最民主的方式”。
However the Liberal Democrats believe a temporary government led by Mr Corbyn cannot achieve the necessary support across the House, as he would need the backing of ex-Tory MPs and defectors from his own party.	然而，自由民主党人认为，科尔宾领导的临时政府无法在整个下议院获得必需的支持，因为他需要前托利党议员和本党背叛者的支持。
Kirstene Hair, Tory MP for Angus, said: "This report confirms what many have long suspected - SNP MPs will happily prop up Jeremy Corbyn in No10.	安格斯郡的托利党议员克里斯滕·海尔说：“这份报告证实了许多人们长期以来的猜测——苏格兰民族党的议员很乐意在唐宁街10号为杰瑞米·科尔宾撑腰。
"There is no doubt that Corbyn's weak stance on indyref2 is a deciding factor for the nationalists.	“科尔宾对待IndyRef2的软弱立场，对于民族主义者来说无疑是一个决定性因素。
"He has already left the door open for a re-run of the 2014 referendum if he becomes prime minister.	“如果他当上首相的话，就已为重新进行2014年的全民公投留下了大门。
"Only a Conservative government will stand up for those who voted "No" in what was meant to be a once in a generation event."	“只有保守党政府才会支持，在这种划时代的事件中投否定票的人。”
Over 50 Surrey University students banned from sports teams amid accusations of sexual harassment	因涉嫌性骚扰，50多名萨里大学学生被禁止参加运动队
"People are just doing everything you would expect from a lads holiday. It is accepted that this is an alcohol heavy, raucous trip."	“大家只是在做跟兄弟出去度假时一般都会做的事。这是一次公认的酗酒、喧闹的旅行。”
However, students said that this year behaviour of some students went too far, particularly during a game which involved members of the football club being dared by their teammates to make advances on women, while their friends attempt to "intercept" them.	但学生们说今年有的学生行为过火了，特别是在一场比赛中，参与比赛的足球俱乐部成员被队友煽动去勾搭女性，而他们的朋友则试图“阻拦”他们。
Alan Sutherland, chief executive of Surrey's student unions said: "We became aware of the misconduct, and as investigations proceeded any individual students who were accused of committing a "major" offence as per the student disciplinary regulations were referred to a university investigation."	萨里大学学生会主席Alan Sutherland说：“我们意识到了这种不端行为。随着调查不断推进，根据学生纪律规定被控犯有‘重大’违规行为的学生都已被转至大学调查。”
Three students were formally disciplined by the university, which launched its own investigation into the football team's conduct.	学校已对足球队行为展开调查，并对三名学生正式发出纪律处分。
One student was expelled for three counts of sexual misconduct or harassment, and one count of aggressive behaviour.	一名学生因三次不正当性行为、性骚扰以及一次攻击性行为被开除。
Meanwhile two other students, who were also accused of harassment, were issued with final warnings and made to issue apologies.	同时，被指控骚扰的另外两名学生已接到最后警告，并被要求发布道歉声明。
One was banned from University premises at certain times and the other was banned from attending organised social events. All three students were banned from attending their graduation ceremonies.	其中一名学生被禁止在某些时段进入大学区域，另一名学生被禁止参加有组织的社交活动。所有三名学生全部被禁止参加其毕业典礼。
The Surrey University men's football club said that they "sincerely apologise" for its members actions during the Croatia tour.	萨里大学男子足球俱乐部表示，他们为克罗地亚巡回赛中自己队员的行为“表示最真挚的歉意”。
Matt de Grood shouldn't be punished because of schizophrenia stigma	马特·德格鲁因精神分裂不应受到惩罚
In 2016, Matthew de Grood, the man who killed five people at a house party in Calgary, was found to be not criminally responsible for his actions.	2016年，在卡尔加里的一次家庭聚会中杀死五人的男子马特·德格鲁，被认定为不为其行为负刑事责任。
Now, in 2019, there is a hearing to determine whether or not he should be allowed more freedoms, such as unsupervised outings. The decision won't come for a few more weeks, so in the meantime we're left to wonder whether or not this is a good idea. There are two sides to this: one citing his violent behaviour in the past, calling to prevent it from happening again, and the other side which believes in the power of change and rehabilitation.	2019年的现在将举行听证会，决定是否应该允许他获得更多自由，比如无监督的外出活动。这个决定再过几周才会做出，所以在这期间，我们只能怀疑这究竟是不是一个好主意。对这件事有两方面观点：一方举证他过去的暴力行为，呼吁要防止这种情况再次发生，而另一方则相信改变和改造的力量。
First, let's examine the more pessimistic side. De Grood did stab and kill five people during a psychotic break. It was a violent and unpredictable attack. He suffers from schizophrenia, which is why he was found not criminally responsible, but has since been seeing a psychiatrist and taking his medication. His psychiatrist, Dr. Santoch Rai, has said in front of the review board that "if Matthew de Grood were to commit another offence, it would be severe." Despite his perceived improvement, there is still risk of re-offense. But is this reason enough to remain afraid? Is it enough to keep de Grood locked up?	首先，我们来看比较悲观的一方。德格鲁确实在精神病发作时刺死了五个人。这是一次难以预料的暴力袭击。他患有精神分裂症，因此被认定为无刑事责任，但此后一直在看精神科医生，并服用药物。他的精神科医生桑托赫·莱曾在审查委员会面前说，“假如德格鲁再次犯罪，那会非常严重。”尽管他的情况有所好转，但仍有再次犯罪的风险。但是，这个理由足以让人保持恐惧吗？把德格鲁关起来就够了吗？
As long as de Grood continues to take his medication, there isn't a huge risk of reoffense, so why are people so concerned? I believe the stigma surrounding people with mental illness, particularly those with schizophrenia, largely influences this fear. Certain mental illnesses have become less stigmatized, such as mood and anxiety disorders. But others, including schizophrenia, remain highly stigmatized. This is in large part due to numerous portrayals of schizophrenics as dangerous people with voices in their heads telling them to kill people.	只要德格鲁继续服药，就不会有很大再次犯罪的风险，那么人们为什么会这么担心？我相信，人们对精神病患者、尤其是精神分裂症患者的成见，很大程度地影响了这种恐惧。有些精神疾病已经没有那么污名化了，比如情绪和焦虑失常。但是其他疾病，包括精神分裂症，依然被高度误解。这很大程度上是由于，许多人把精神分裂症患者描绘成危险的人，他们的脑子里有声音告诉他们要去杀人。
That was the case in this situation, but these instances are rare, and that's perhaps why we remember them so well when they occur. In fact, the majority of schizophrenic individuals are nonviolent, and are more likely to be the victims rather than the perpetrators of crime or violence. In light of this, it seems unreasonable to insist that de Grood be denied certain freedoms when the fear of re-offense is based more on a prejudiced attitude towards people with schizophrenia than actual likelihood.	这次案件确实是这种情况，但是这种事情很少见，也许这就是为什么当这种事发生的时候，我们会记得那么清楚。实际上，大多数的精神分裂症患者并不暴力，反而更有可能成为犯罪或者暴力的受害者，而不是施暴者。鉴于此，当人们对再次犯罪的恐惧，更多是基于对精神分裂症患者的偏见，而不是实际的可能性时，坚持剥夺德格鲁的某些自由似乎并不合理。
I don't believe de Grood should ever be unsupervised permanently. A parole-like system where he has to check in to make sure he's still taking his medication could work well. Arguing that he or other mentally ill people remain institutionalized unless absolutely necessary is a form of segregation. It perpetuates the idea that mentally ill people, those with schizophrenia in particular, cannot ever mesh with society; thus continuing the stigma and perpetuating the idea that they are dangerous criminals. He was found not criminally responsible by a court of law, so why should he be treated like a prisoner instead of someone who was ill and is now better?	我认为德格鲁应该被永远监督。一个让他必须登记以确认自己还在服药的类似假释的系统，可能会很有效。要求他或者其他精神病患者必须待在精神病院，除非绝对必要，是一种歧视性的隔离。它使精神病患者、特别是精神分裂症患者永远无法与社会融合的观念长期存在；导致这种成见一直持续，并使认为他们都是危险的罪犯的观念一直存在下去。法院认定他不负刑事责任，那么为什么要把他当作犯人，而不是一个当时生病了、现在有所好转的病人呢？
Hungarian PM Orban defends his candidate for EU executive, "has solutions in pocket"	匈牙利总理欧尔班为其欧盟执行委员候选人辩护，并称“心里有数”
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has said he has several solutions "in his pocket" after Hungary's candidate for the European Commission was rejected.	匈牙利总理欧尔班·维克托在匈牙利的欧盟委员会候选人被拒后表示，他“心里有数”，掌握几种解决方案。
The EU transport commissioner-designate, Romanian socialist politician Rovana Plumb, and the proposed commissioner for EU enlargement, former Hungarian justice minister Laszlo Trocsanyi, were told their confirmation hearings could not go ahead because of inconsistencies in their financial statements, Reuters reported.	路透社报道，欧盟交通运输专员、罗马尼亚社会主义政治家Rovana Plumb和欧盟扩大拟定委员、前匈牙利司法部长Laszlo Trocsanyi得知，因财务报表不一致，他们的任职听证会无法举行。
"I am convinced that [Trocsanyi] is the most suitable candidate for becoming member of the European Commission," Orban said. "His sin was that he helped the government and me... to protect Hungary from migration."	欧尔班说：“我坚信[Trocsanyi]是欧盟委员会最合适的候选人。他的罪过是他帮助了政府和我.……使得匈牙利免受移民困扰。”
The move is seen as an embarrassment for Orban, who proposed Trocsanyi, and who has been in constant conflict with Brussels over his migration policy and other issues.	此事让欧尔班显得很尴尬，因为是他推举了Trocsanyi。另外，他也一直在移民政策等问题上与布鲁塞尔发生冲突。
Babies on a plane: Japan Airlines unveils tool to tackle horror of screaming infants	飞机上的婴儿：日本航空公司推出工具，解决婴儿尖叫的恐怖问题
Being stuck on a long-haul flight within earshot of a crying baby could be a thing of the past for passengers on Japan Airlines (JAL), after the carrier unveiled an online booking tool that indicates where toddlers will be seated.	对于日本航空公司(JAL)的乘客来说，被困在长途航班中，听着婴儿的哭闹，这种事可能将成为过去。日航推出了一种在线预订工具，能显示幼儿就座的位置。
When passengers with children aged between eight days and two years old reserve their seat, a child icon automatically appears on the seat plan, alerting other passengers who have yet to select their seats.	当携带年龄在八天至两岁的儿童的乘客预定座位时，一个儿童图标会自动显示在座位计划上，提醒其他还未选择座位的乘客。
JAL was quick to point out that the new feature did not guarantee that passengers would be out of earshot of a screaming infant.	日航很快指出，新功能并不能保证乘客听不到婴儿的叫喊声。
The icon would not appear if passengers booked their flight through a third party or were part of a tour group, or if there was a last-minute change of aircraft, the airline's website said.	日航官网说，如果乘客通过第三方预定机票，参加了旅行团，或者在最后一刻更换飞机，这个图标就不会显示。
JAL and other airlines have yet to come up with way of anticipating seat reservations by serial snorers and passengers who fully recline their seats during in-flight meals.	至于打呼噜的乘客和在机上用餐时把座位完全后倾的乘客，日航和其他航空公司还没有想出办法如何检测他们的座位预订。
But the move attracted praise from some social media users.	但此举引来了一些社交媒体用户的赞扬。
"Thank you, @JAL_Official_jp for warnings me about where babies plan to scream and yell during a 13 hour trip," Rahat Ahmed, a businessman, tweeted. "This really ought to be mandatory across the board."	“@JAL_Official_jp 谢谢你提醒我在13个小时的旅途中，婴儿计划在什么地方大喊大叫。”一位名叫Rahat Ahmed的商人发推说。“这真的应该全面强制推广。”
Others, though, castigated travellers for intolerance towards fellow passengers.	不过，也有人指责旅客对其他乘客不宽容。
"They are babies, as we all once were. We need to learn tolerance or will soon start needing a map of seat locations for mouth breathers, droolers, farters, drunks, and perhaps a lot more things in life," one user said.	“他们是婴儿，我们都曾是婴儿。我们需要学会宽容，否则很快就会需要一张座位图，标记用口呼吸的人、流口水的人、爱放屁的人、喝醉的人，或许是生活中的更多方面。”一位用户说。
Pompeo accuses Syria of using chemical weapons in May attack	蓬佩奥指责叙利亚在五月袭击中使用化学武器
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, speaking on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday, said the United States has concluded the Syrian government used chemical weapons in an attack earlier this year.	美国国务卿迈克·蓬佩奥在联合国会议间隙发言。周四的联合国大会表示，美国已经认定，叙利亚政府在今年早些时候的一次袭击中使用了化学武器。
Pompeo said U.S. officials had determined Syrian President Bashar Assad's government had used chlorine in the attack on opposition forces in Idlib province on May 19.	蓬佩奥说，美国官员已经确认，叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德政府于5月19日在伊德利卜省袭击反对派武装时使用了氯气。
"The Assad regime is responsible for innumerable atrocities some of which rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity," Pompeo told a news conference.	“阿萨德政府对无数暴行负有责任，其中一些已经上升到了战争罪和危害人类罪的程度。”蓬佩奥在一次新闻发布会上说。
U.S. officials in May said they'd received reports consistent with a chemical attack in northwest Syria but did not offer a definitive conclusion at the time.	美国官员在五月表示，他们收到的报告与叙利亚西北部发生的化学袭击事件相吻合，但在当时并没有给出确切的结论。
In April 2018, the U.S., Britain and France launched airstrikes in Syria in retaliation for what they described as a suspected chemical attack that killed more than 40 people earlier that month.	2018年4月，美国、英国和法国在叙利亚发动空袭，作为对其所说的疑似化学袭击事件进行报复，该事件在当月早些时候造成了40多人死亡。
"This is different in some sense because it was chlorine... but know that President Trump has been pretty vigorous in protecting the world from the use of chemical weapons," Pompeo said.	蓬佩奥说：“因为这是氯气，在某种意义上是不一样的……不过要知道，特朗普总统对保护世界不使用化学武器方面一直大力支持。”
He added that the U.S. would provide an additional $4.5 million to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons to fund investigations into other instances of suspected Syrian chemical-weapons use.	他补充说，美国将向禁止化学武器组织额外提供450万美元，以资助对叙利亚涉嫌使用化学武器的其他事件进行调查。
Pompeo also called on the Assad government to release thousands of unjustly detained prisoners, including American journalist Austin Tice, who has been missing and presumed held by the government for seven years.	蓬佩奥还呼吁阿萨德政府释放数千位不公正拘留的囚犯，其中包括失踪的美国记者奥斯汀·泰斯，据推测他被阿萨德政府关押了7年。
"He is just one of a number of American citizens held in Syria and we call upon the Syrian regime to release them all."	“他只是叙利亚在押的众多美国公民之一，我们呼吁叙利亚政权将其全部释放。”
Tesla jumps on report Musk aims to deliver 100,000 cars this quarter	马斯克计划季度交付10万辆车，特斯拉股价飙升
Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla Motors.	埃隆·马斯克，特斯拉汽车共同创始人、首席执行官。
Shares of Tesla jumped more than 5% after Electrek, an electric vehicle news website, reported that CEO Elon Musk said the company "has a shot" at delivering 100,000 cars this quarter, which would be a new record.	电动汽车新闻网站Electrek报道，特斯拉首席执行官马斯克透露特斯拉本季度“有望“交付10万辆汽车，该数字将创造新的季度交付数量。报道后，特斯拉股价随即上涨5%。
Electrek attributed the update to a leaked email from Musk sent to his employees at Tesla. Musk wrote in the email: "We have a shot at achieving our first 100,000 vehicle delivery quarter, which is an incredibly exciting milestone for our company!"	Electrek援引一封马斯克发送给员工的内部邮件：“我们有望首次实现季度交付10万辆车的目标，这对公司而言将是一个难以置信、激动人心的里程碑！”
The CEO also reportedly added, "The challenge is making sure that we have the right car variants in the right locations and rallying as much as our company resources as possible to help with the end of the quarter deliveries."	据报道，首席执行官马斯克补充说：“公司当前的挑战是确保在正确的地点有正确的车型，并尽可能调动公司资源以完成季度末交付目标。”
The automaker is expected to report its quarterly vehicle deliveries in the next few days.	预计该汽车制造商将在未来几天公布其季度汽车交付情况。
Last quarter, Tesla delivered approximately 95,000 electric vehicles.	特斯拉在上一季度交付了约9万5千辆电动汽车。
Greece: 5 deny poor women's babies sold in illegal adoptions	希腊：五人否认贩卖贫困妇女的婴儿以供非法领养
Five Greek and Georgian citizens have appeared in court on charges of belonging to a criminal organization that allegedly sold babies for adoption.	五名希腊和格鲁吉亚公民出庭，被指控为涉嫌参与贩卖婴儿以供人领养的犯罪组织成员。
All five denied the charges before a Thessaloniki magistrate on Friday. The two Georgian nationals are accused of being the ringleaders.	周五，五个人全部在塞萨洛尼基地方法官面前否认了指控。两名格鲁吉亚人被指控为团伙头目。
The gang allegedly recruited pregnant Bulgarian women who were destitute and willing to give up newborns they might deliver. Authorities say the group sold babies to childless Greek couples.	该团伙涉嫌招收保加利亚怀孕妇女，因为贫困潦倒，愿意放弃她们可能产下的新生儿。当局表示，该团伙将婴儿贩卖给无子女的希腊夫妇。
A total 12 people were arrested this week in connection with the alleged illegal adoptions and the alleged sale of human eggs. Another 54 have been charged with complicity.	本周共有12人因涉嫌非法领养和贩卖人类卵子被捕。另有54人被指控为共犯。
Police say it was one of the biggest and best-organized gangs of its kind in Europe. The continent's Europol police agency assisted the investigation.	警察表示，这是欧洲同类犯罪团伙中规模最大、组织最精细的团伙之一。欧洲刑警组织协助了本次调查。
Mike Pompeo says Syrian government used chlorine in May chemical weapon attack	迈克·彭佩奥表示叙利亚政府在五月化学武器袭击中使用氯
Mike Pompeo, the US Secretary of State, said on Thursday that the United States had concluded the Syrian government had used chlorine as a chemical weapon in an attack in May during a battle with insurgents in Idlib.	美国国务卿迈克·彭佩奥周四表示，美国已确定在5月与伊德利布省叛乱分子交战时，叙利亚政府在一次攻击中使用了氯制化学武器。
"The Assad regime is responsible for innumerable atrocities, some of which rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity," Mr Pompeo told a news conference in New York, where he has been attending the United Nations General Assembly.	彭佩奥先生在参加联合国大会期间，在一场纽约新闻发布会上说：“阿萨德政权要对无数的暴行负责，其中一些暴行已上升至战争罪和危害人类罪的程度。”
"Today I am announcing that the United States has concluded that the Assad regime used chlorine as a chemical weapon on May 19," Mr Pompeo added.	彭佩奥先生补充道：“今天我宣布，美国已确定阿萨德政权在5月19日使用了氯制化学武器。“
The United States said in May it had received numerous reports that appeared consistent with chemical exposure after an attack by the forces of Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian president, in northwestern Syria, but it had made no definitive conclusion as to whether they used chemical weapons.	美国政府5月表示，在叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德的部队对叙利亚西北部发动袭击后，美方已收到多次报告显示与化学物质的接触，但对叙利亚是否使用化学武器尚未定论。
The Trump administration has twice bombed Syria over Assad's suspected use of chemical weapons, in April 2017 and April 2018.	特朗普政府已于2017年4月及2018年4月对叙利亚进行了2次轰炸，皆因阿萨德政权涉嫌使用化学武器。
Father Remains Hopeful That Suspect Who Fatally Shot Son One Year Ago Will Be Caught	父亲依然希望一年前枪杀儿子的嫌疑人能被抓获
It's been one year since a 20-year-old from Long Beach was fatally shot, but the victim's family isn't giving up hope that the shooter will be caught.	长滩市一名20岁的年轻人在一年前遭遇枪杀，但被害人的家人并没有放弃抓到枪手的希望。
"I wish I could trade places with you son, I wish I could trade places with you," Guy Alford, the victim's father, said.	受害人的父亲盖·阿尔福德说，“我要是能代替你就好了，儿子，我要是能代替你就好了。”
Alford came back to the scene of the crime exactly one year after his son, Guy Alford III, was gunned down at a Jack In The Box near 52nd and Atlantic. He said he wanted to call attention to his son's unsolved murder.	阿尔福德返回犯罪现场的日子，正是他的儿子盖·阿尔福德三世在52街和大西洋街附近的Jack In The Box遭遇枪杀的一周年。他说，他想让大家注意到儿子尚未破获的谋杀案。
"Somebody knows something, they need to say something," he said.	他说，“有人知道一些情况，他们必须说点什么来。”
Security video, which has never been released, showed Alford stopped in the drive-thru when a second car pulled up behind him. Three suspects were then seen getting out of that car. One of them walked up to the driver's side, and shot Alford. The four people in Alford's car jumped out and ran. The suspects were then seen getting back into their car and driving away.	从未得到公布的监控录像显示，阿尔福德在得来速停车后，另一辆车停在他的后面。随后，可以看到三名嫌疑人从车上出来。其中一人走向驾驶室方向，然后对阿尔福德开枪。阿尔福德车里的四个人跳出来逃跑了。然后，可以看到嫌疑人回到他们的车里，并驾车离去。
"Wherever this coward is, he will get caught," Alford said.	阿尔福德说，“不管这个懦夫是谁，他一定会被抓住。”
This grieving father said he has no idea who would want to hurt his son, and he said he still didn't know who was in the car with him when he was shot.	这位悲痛的父亲说，自己完全不知道是谁想伤害他的儿子，他还说，自己仍然不知道在他被枪杀时，谁在他的车里。
"They upped and ran out of my son's car like that, where did you run to," Alford said. "Did you go back and try to help him or what? Nobody said nothing."	阿尔福德说，“他们就这样从我儿子的车里起身跑了出去，你们往哪里跑了，”“你们有没有回去帮助他，还是怎样？没人说一句话。”
Alford said his son was a star football player at Alemany High School, then a stand-out safety on the Long Beach City College football team. Alford said his son was working toward playing for a Division 1 school and had dreams of becoming a nurse.	阿尔福德说，他的儿子是阿莱曼尼高中的足球明星，还是长滩城市学院足球队一名杰出的中卫。阿尔福德说，他的儿子正在努力为一级学院踢球，他还梦想成为一名护士。
"He was working three jobs," Michael Harvey, a friend, said. "As somebody who's 21, he was a year younger than me, anybody with that type of hustle and work ethic, you tend to look up to."	他的一位朋友迈克·哈维说，“他当时正在做三份工作。”“我21岁，他比我小一岁，任何这样努力和有这样职业道德的人，你都会尊重他。”
As the investigation into the fatal shooting continues, Alford said he wasn't giving up either.	随着这起致命枪杀案的调查继续进行，阿尔福德说，他也没有放弃。
"I can assure you, this one is going to get solved," he said.	他说，“我能向你保证，这件事一定要解决。”
Alford is personally offering a $2,000 reward for information that leads to an arrest and conviction. Anyone with information about this crime is urged to call Long Beach police.	阿尔福德个人提供2000美元，对能将犯人逮捕并定罪的线索进行悬赏。任何知道此案信息的人，请速致电长滩市警方。
Brexit can get plenty more toxic from here	脱欧从此变得更加有毒
Humiliation in the courts at home is a taste of what awaits Johnson in Brussels if he tries to weasel out of his commitments to request an extension. That will comfort European officials, who would most probably agree to it. Mainly because taking more time to find a solution reduces the threat of a no-deal Brexit, which would be economically harmful to both sides.	如果约翰逊在布鲁塞尔试图推诿他的承诺而申请延期，回国后他将面临法庭上的羞辱。这将让欧洲官员得到安慰，他们很可能会同意这一举措。这主要是因为，他们能够用更多时间寻找解决方案，以减少无协议脱欧的威胁，这对双方都将造成经济损失。
Yet European diplomats can also see that the political bedlam in the UK lends itself to delay without decisions. Lawmakers in Parliament were able to set aside their differences to tie Johnson's hands and seek an extension, but that's about all they can agree on. This is the same Parliament that rejected the former prime minister Theresa May's hard-fought Brexit deal with the EU three times. Unless there's an election - another decision on which MPs have a final say - that won't change.	然而欧洲外交官员也发现，英国的政治乱象同样导致无法做出决定，使得脱欧延期。议会议员能够放下分歧，共同约束约翰逊并寻求延期，但他们能达成的共识也仅限于此。这也是当年三次拒绝前首相特蕾莎·梅强硬的脱欧协议的议会。除非再进行一次选举，决定哪位首相拥有最后发言权，否则现状就不会改变。
But even an election is a grim prospect for European capitals hoping for a friendly resolution to the Brexit mess. The opposition Labour Party's Brexit policy is a painful contortion act that's almost impossible to understand; the centrist Liberal Democrats' idea to cancel Brexit altogether is seen as extreme. The longer this drags on, the more it eats away at the smooth functioning of the EU.	然而对于希望友好解决脱欧乱象的欧洲各国来说，即使进行选举，情况也不容乐观。反对党工党的脱欧政策是一个痛苦的扭曲法案，令人无法理解；而中间派的自由民主党要完全取消脱欧的想法似乎又很极端。脱欧拖得越久，就越损耗欧盟的正常运作。
There might be more optimism in Brussels if the outline of a workable deal was already sitting on a desk somewhere in the European Commission's Berlaymont headquarters. But there isn't.	如果欧盟委员会贝雷蒙总部某处的办公桌上已有一份可行方案的大纲，布鲁塞尔也许就会更加乐观。但并没有这样的方案。
Johnson's regular bashing of his predecessor's "backstop" proposal to avoid a return to a hard border in Ireland and protect the EU single market hasn't led to any convincing alternatives. Officials say the proposals sent in by the UK on alternative arrangements aren't concrete enough to be considered operational in time for an October 31 exit.	约翰逊经常抨击前任首相的“后盾”提案，避免回到与爱尔兰划分明确界限，并保护欧盟单一市场，却没有提出任何令人信服的备选方案。官员表示，英国提交的备选安排提案不够具体，不足以在10月31日脱欧前考虑实施。
And Johnson's weakness will give the 27 leaders facing him even less incentive to erase crucial red lines, despite the claim by Michael Gove, the UK minister in charge of a no-deal Brexit, that they're "shifting" on the backstop.	而约翰逊的软弱让面对他的27位领导人更没有了抹除关键红线的动机，尽管负责无协议脱欧的英国大臣迈克尔·戈夫声称，他们正在向后盾政策“转变”。
In an ideal world, a series of blows landing on Johnson - who is also under fire over his rhetoric in the debate over Brexit - would bring the match closer to an end. Europe should still try to extract maximum concessions from the UK, given it has no choice but to negotiate with the current government while trying to preserve unity among the rest of its 27 member states - which is going to get harder the longer this drags on. If there's a window to try yet again to put a deal before the UK parliament, the EU should grab it.	在理想的世界里，对约翰逊的一系列打击，以及他因为脱欧辩论时说的花言巧语而遭受抨击，将让比赛更快结束。欧洲依然应该尝试从英国争取最大的让步，因为欧盟已别无选择，只得和现任政府谈判，同时努力维护其余27个成员国的团结——随着脱欧的拖延已变得日益困难。如果有机会再次尝试向英国议会提出交易，欧盟便应该抓住。
But this is more like a soccer match with 27 players on one side lining up to defend while the player in the opposite team tries to pick up the ball and go home.	但这更像一场足球比赛，一方的27位球员在排队防御，而对方的球员却只想捡球回家。
The EU is good at setting rules and red lines and sticking to them; it's less good at unilaterally imposing its will. The UK is hemmed in by its own internal contradictions, at least until an election or a second referendum breaks the impasse.	欧盟善于制定规则和红线，并且坚持遵它们；却不善于单方面推行自己的意愿。英国正受困于内部矛盾，起码再一次进行选举或者全民公投才能打破这种僵局。
Brexit can get plenty more toxic from here.	脱欧从此变得更加有毒。
Black hole swallowing and ripping apart star captured for first time	首次拍摄到黑洞吞噬并撕裂恒星
A gigantic black hole has been captured pulling in and ripping apart a star for the first time.	一个巨大黑洞吞噬并撕裂一颗恒星的过程首次被拍摄下来。
The star, which was about the same size as our sun, was seen from 375 million light years away warping and spiralling into the gravitational pull of a supermassive black hole, researchers said in the Astrophysical Journal.	研究人员在《天文物理期刊》中说，这颗恒星与太阳大小相当，距离地球约3.75亿光年，在超大质量黑洞的引力作用下，恒星被拉扯变形并旋入黑洞。
It was then sucked into oblivion in a rare cosmic occurrence astronomers call a tidal disruption event.	随后，它消失于无形。天文学家将这种罕见的宇宙事件称为潮汐破坏现象。
NASA's planet-searching telescope, the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite - TESS - captured the detailed timeline from beginning to end for the first time.	美国国家航空航天局的行星搜寻望远镜凌日系外行星勘测卫星TESS首次捕捉到了从头到尾的详细过程。
Astronomers used a worldwide network of telescopes to detect the phenomenon before looking at TESS, whose permanent viewing zones designed to find distant planets, caught the beginning of the violent event.	天文学家在使用TESS之前已经用国际太空望远镜网络检测到了这一现象，而TESS专门用于搜寻遥远行星的固定观察区捕捉到了这一激烈现象的开端。
Thomas Holoien, an astronomer for the Carnegie Institution for Science who led the research, said: "This was really a combination of both being good and being lucky, and sometimes that's what you need to push the science forward."	卡内基科学研究所天文学家Thomas Holoien主领此次研究，他说：“这次真的又好又幸运，有时候科学发展正待于此。“
Stars get sucked in when they venture too close to a supermassive black hole, which lives at the centre of most galaxies, including the Earth's Milky Way.	恒星离超大质量黑洞过近，就会被吸入黑洞。很多星系的中央都有这样的超大质量黑洞，包括地球所在的银河系。
The black hole's impressive gravitational forces tear the star apart, with some of its material thrown into space and the rest into the black hole, forming a disc of hot, bright gas as it is swallowed.	黑洞的惊人引力将恒星撕裂，部分物质会被抛入太空，其他部分则被黑洞吞噬，并在被吞噬的过程中形成一个明亮的气体热盘。
Mr Holoien added: "Specifically, we are able to measure the rate at which it gets brighter after it starts brightening, and we also observed a drop in its temperature and brightness that is unique."	Holoien先生补充道：“具体来说，我们能够测量它开始发光后变亮的速度，我们还观察到它气温和亮度的下降，这是其独有的。”
UK business committee to probe Thomas Cook collapse	英国商业委员会调查托马斯库克破产案
The UK's Civil Aviation Authority said today that 72 flights are scheduled to operate to bring back a further 16,000 people to the country following the collapse of travel group Thomas Cook.	英国民航局今日表示，由于托马斯库克旅游公司破产，已安排72家航班再接1.6万人回国。
The aviation regulator said it has brought back over 40% of the total number of passengers in the largest peacetime repatriation 'Operation Matterhorn' launched on Monday.	航空监管机构表示，周一启动的和平时期最大规模遣返“马特洪峰行动”已带回超过40%的游客。
Meanwhile, the British parliament's business committee has launched an inquiry into the collapse of Thomas Cook and will seek to question the management over issues such as executive pay and accounting practices.	与此同时，英国议会商业委员会已对托马斯库克破产案展开调查，将会就高管薪酬和财会操作等质询管理层。
Thomas Cook, the world's oldest tour operator, collapsed in the early hours of Monday, hitting hotel owners, tourist sites and resorts around the world.	托马斯库克是全球历史最悠久的旅行社，它在周一凌晨宣布破产，波及全球各地酒店业主、景点和度假地。
"The main players in the sad demise of Britain's oldest travel firm should face public scrutiny and be held to account for their actions before the company collapsed," said Rachel Reeves, Chair of the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) Committee.	英国商业能源和产业战略（BEIS）委员会主席Rachel Reeves说：“在英国最古老旅行社的不幸倒闭中，主要相关人士都应面临公开审查，并为其在公司倒闭前的行为负责。”
Evidence hearings will begin in mid-to-late October.	听证会将在10月中下旬开始。
"Directors will welcome the opportunity to set the record straight and demonstrate that their conduct was always in the best interests of Thomas Cook's customers, employees and stakeholders," a person familiar with the company told Reuters.	一位熟悉该公司的人士告诉路透社：“董事们很乐意借此机会澄清一切，证明他们的行为始终符合托马斯库克客户、员工和利益相关者的最大利益。“
Why The Times Published Details of the Whistle-Blower's Identity	为何《泰晤士报》公布检举人身份
On Thursday, The Times published exclusive details about the identity of the whistle-blower whose claims led Democrats to begin an impeachment inquiry against President Trump this week. (The article reported that the whistle-blower is a C.I.A. officer who was previously detailed to work at the White House and had expertise on Ukraine.)	本周，一名检举人的主张使民主党开始弹劾特朗普总统。周四，《泰晤士报》公布了这名检举人的独家信息。（报道称，该检举人为中央情报局官员，曾在白宫专门从事乌克兰相关工作。）
Many readers, including some who work in national security and intelligence, have criticized The Times's decision to publish the details, saying it potentially put the person's life in danger and may have a chilling effect on would-be whistle-blowers.	包括国家安全与情报处工作者在内的众多读者批评《泰晤士报》这一决定，并称此举可能使检举人面临生命危险，也可能使其他的潜在检举人胆寒。
We took their concerns to Dean Baquet, The Times's executive editor, who responded to them in a discussion with the Reader Center:	我们向《泰晤士报》责任编辑Dean Baquet提出这些忧虑，他在读者中心作出回应：
The president and some of his supporters have attacked the credibility of the whistle-blower, who has presented information that has touched off a landmark impeachment proceeding. The president himself has called the whistle-blower's account a "political hack job."	检举人提供的信息，引发了对特朗普总统的弹劾调查，而总统及其支持者驳斥了检举人的可信度。总统本人称检举人的陈述为“政治打手干的事”。
We decided to publish limited information about the whistle-blower - including the fact that he works for a nonpolitical agency and that his complaint is based on an intimate knowledge and understanding of the White House - because we wanted to provide information to readers that allows them to make their own judgments about whether or not he is credible.	我们决定公布检举人的少量信息，包括他在非政府部门工作，以及他的投诉是基于与白宫的密切接触和深入了解。我们这样做，是想为读者提供信息，让他们自己对检举人是否可信做出判断。
China Says It Didn't Fight Any War Nor Invaded Foreign Land	中国表示既不会主动挑起战争也不会侵占别国领土
China on Friday said it has not provoked a "single war or conflict" or "invaded a single square" of foreign land, skirting any reference to the 1962 war with India.	中国于星期五表示，其既不会挑起“任何一场战争或冲突”，也不会“侵占任何一寸”别国领土，只字不提1962年的中印战争。
"China has always been dedicated to resolving territorial and maritime delimitation disputes through negotiation and consultation," stated an official white paper released, four days ahead of the country set to celebrate its 70th anniversary of the leadership of the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) on October 1.	“中方始终致力于通过谈判、协商方式解决领土和海洋划界争端，”一官方发布的白皮书陈述道，而四天后将庆祝10月1日中国共产党（CPC）统治中国的70周年纪念日。
"China safeguards world peace through real actions. Over the past 70 years, China has not provoked a single war or conflict, nor invaded a single square of foreign land," the paper titled "China and the World in the New Era" said.	“中方以实际行动维护世界和平。70年来，中方没有主动挑起过任何一场战争和冲突，没有侵占别国过一寸领土，”一名为“新时代的中国和世界”的白皮书说道。
The white paper, while highlighting the CPS's "peaceful rise" made no reference of the bloody 1962 war with India and the vast tracts of land, especially in the Aksai Chin area, occupied by China.	此白皮书强调现行政治体系下中国的“和平崛起”，但却避开1962年波及范围极广的中印血腥之战，又尤其是在中占阿克赛钦地区。
The Sino-India border dispute involving 3,488-km-long Line of Actual Control (LAC) remained unresolved. China also claims Arunachal Pradesh as part of South Tibet, which India contests.	中印边界争端涉及长达3488km的实际控制线（LAC），至今仍未解决。中国同时占有阿鲁纳恰尔邦并将其纳入西藏南部版图，印度对此表示抗议。
So far, the two countries held 21 rounds of Special Representatives talks to resolve the border dispute.	目前为止，双方已举行21轮特别代表对话以解决边界争端。
Besides the 1962 war, India and China had a major military standoff at Doklam in 2017 when the People's Liberation Army (PLA) tried to lay a road close to India"s narrow Chicken Neck corridor connecting with the North-Eastern states in an area also claimed by Bhutan.	除1962年战争外，中印于2017年在洞朗发生紧张军事对峙，起因是中国人民解放军（PLA）意图于一不丹宣称主权的区域修筑公路，该公路靠近毗邻印度东北部的西里古里走廊。
It was finally diplomatically resolved after which both sides pulled back their troops.	双方撤军后最终以外交手段化解冲突。
China also had a major military conflict with Vietnam in 1979. China claims sovereignty over all of South China Sea. Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Brunei and Taiwan have counter claims.	此外，中国还于1979年与越南发生紧张军事冲突。中国宣称对整个南海拥有绝对主权。越南、马来西亚、菲律宾、文莱、台湾则不以为然。
"China has achieved full resolution of land border delimitation problems with 12 of its 14 neighbouring countries, and delineated the China-Vietnam maritime boundary in the Beibu Gulf," the white paper said, noting that since reform and opening up in 1978, the country has cut its armed forces "by over four million."	“中方同14个邻国中的12个国家彻底解决了陆地边界问题，划定了中越北部湾海洋边界，”该白皮书表示，同时提及改革开放以后，中方已裁军“400余万”。
The two-million strong Chinese military still remain the world's largest.	中国目前拥有200万浩大的军队，仍然是世界之最。
Prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of India	长时间的雨季给印度多地区带来洪水和混乱
India's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot.	印度的雨季已经持续了近一个月，空前的降雨导致楼房倒塌致人死亡，还有许多农作物开始腐烂。
Normally the monsoon in north India recedes by the beginning of September, but the average rainfall this month has been 37% above normal. If the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the India Meteorological Department.	通常印度北部的雨季在九月初就会消退，但这个月的平均降雨量却比正常情况高出37%。印度气象部门的专家表示，如果这种情况再持续几天，那么将成为几十年来消退时间最晚的雨季。
Many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of Pune in western India, where torrential rain on Wednesday and Thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings.	印度许多地区仍在遭受空前的降雨，最近一次是在印度西部的普纳镇，周三和周四的暴雨让房屋倒塌，造成数人死亡和混乱局面。
Homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon.	房屋遭到淹没，人们在街上涉水而过，水漫到了膝盖处，这种景象通常只有在雨季最盛的时候才能看到。
Other cities such as Kolkata, Lucknow and Hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall. Uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains.	其他城市如加尔各答、勒克瑙和海德拉巴等地也出现了暴雨。在北乌塔拉坎德邦，持续的降雨对房屋造成了大面积的破坏。
The monsoon was also late to arrive. Many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought.	雨季到来的时间也很晚。许多地区出现缺水现象，农民也在为可能出现的旱灾作准备。
The extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers. "This amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year. It is making my vegetables - I've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment - rot," said Prakash Mehra, a small farmer in Bhimtal in Uttarakhand.	延长的雨季在农民种并不受欢迎。“这样的降雨量在这个时节并不正常。我的蔬菜正在烂掉——我现在种的有卷心菜、豆子、豌豆和番茄。”乌塔拉坎德邦比姆塔尔的一个小农户Prakash Mehra说。
For consumers, the impact of the delayed and now late-receding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in Indian food. Onions are selling at 80 rupees (about £1) a kilo in cities such as Delhi and Mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees (23p).	对于消费者来说，受雨季推迟到来又延迟消退的影响，意味着印度食品中必不可少的食材——洋葱的价格上涨。洋葱在德里和孟买等城市的售价是80卢比（约1英镑）一公斤，与之相对地，通常的价格是20卢比（23便士）。
Festivals are also at risk. The next big festival is Dussehra on 8 October, when Hindus erect giant, comic book-style effigies of Ravana, a figure from the Hindu epic The Ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin.	节日也有了风险。下一个大型节日是10月8日的十胜节，印度教徒将竖立起巨大的、漫画式的罗波那肖像，罗波那是印度史诗《罗摩衍那》中的人物，留着浓密的小胡子和邪恶的笑容。
Burning Ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil. But given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, Ravana might have the last laugh.	焚烧罗波那象征着善良战胜了邪恶。但考虑到肖像是用纸做的，如果雨季继续下去，罗波那可能会笑到最后。
Julian Assange: Private security firm 'spied on WikiLeaks founder in Ecuadorian embassy for CIA'	朱利安·阿桑奇：私人安保公司“为中情局监视厄瓜多尔大使馆里的维基解密创始人”
A Spanish private security company hired to protect the Ecuadorian embassy in London when Julian Assange lived there spied on the WikiLeaks founder for the US intelligence service, it has been claimed.	据称，朱利安·阿桑奇在厄瓜多尔驻伦敦大使馆避难期间雇佣的西班牙私人安保公司，是为美国情报机构监视这位维基解密创始人。
A report in Spanish newspaper El Pais said the company, UC Global SL, allegedly handed over audio and video to the CIA of meetings Assange held with his lawyers.	西班牙报纸《El Pais》的一篇报道表示，UC Global SL公司称已将阿桑奇与其律师们会晤的音频和视频交给中情局。
The company is being investigated over the claims by Spain's High Court, the Audiencia Nacional, said the report.	报道称，在西班牙最高法院国家法院的要求下，这家公司正在就这些指控接受调查。
Assange filed a criminal complaint himself, in which he accused the company of violating his privacy and the secrecy of his client-attorney privileges.	阿桑奇本人提起了一项刑事诉讼，指控该公司侵犯了他的隐私权和保密的律师客户特权。
El Pais said UC Global SL had failed to respond to requests for comment on the claims.	《El Pais》表示，UC Global SL对此指控不予置评。
In April, Assange was dragged out of the embassy after being handed over to the British authorities by Ecuador.	4月，阿桑奇被厄瓜多尔移交给英国当局后，被拖出使馆。
He took refuge there in 2012 while on bail and facing extradition to Sweden over sex assault allegations, saying he feared extradition to the US if he left over the activities of WikiLeaks.	他2012年保释期间一直在那里避难，并因性侵指控将被引渡到瑞典。他说他担心如果他遗留一些维基泄密的活动，他将会被引渡至美国。
The US formally requested his extradition in June on 18 charges, including computer misuse and the unauthorised disclosure of national defence information.	美国在6月正式以18项指控要求引渡阿桑奇，其中包括计算机滥用和未经授权披露国防机密。
He is accused of working with former US army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning.	他被控与前美国陆军情报分析师切尔西・曼宁同谋。
He is now in Belmarsh prison in London after being jailed for violating bail conditions imposed over the Swedish extradition request and was due to be released last week, but was remanded in custody pending a hearing of the US extradition case in London in February 2020.	他因违反瑞典引渡要求的假释条件而被判入狱，现正在伦敦贝尔马什监狱，原定于上周获释，但因即将在2020年2月在伦敦举办的美国引渡听证会而还押候审。
In May, Swedish prosecutors reopened their investigation into an allegation of rape against Assange - an allegation he has always denied.	瑞典检察官于5月重新开始审理阿桑奇一直否认的强奸指控。
Omni Air flight lands in Baltimore after declaring emergency	Omni航空飞机紧急降落巴尔的摩
The Federal Aviation Administration says an Omni Air International jet landed safely at Baltimore Washington International Airport after declaring an emergency.	美国联邦航空局(FAA)表示，一架Omni国际航空飞机在宣布紧急状态后，安全降落于巴尔的摩华盛顿国际机场。
The FAA said in an email that Flight 328 landed at BWI at 6:19 p.m. on Thursday because of what was described as a hydraulic problem with the Boeing B777.	FAA在一封邮件中称，328航班于周四下午6点19分降落在巴尔的摩华盛顿机场，原因是这架波音777飞机据描述出现了液压问题。
According to the FAA, the flight departed from Baltimore, but its destination wasn't known. It's unclear how many people were on board. The agency is investigating the incident.	据FAA所述，此次航班从巴尔的摩起飞，目的地未知。机上人员数量尚不明确。相关部门正在调查此次事件。
A telephone message left at Tulsa, Oklahoma-based Omni Air International was immediately returned Thursday night.	位于俄克拉何马州塔尔萨市的Omni国际航空公司，在周四晚收到电话留言后立刻进行了回复。
Why we still need Gandhi	我们为什么仍需要甘地
The leaders of the world's two largest democracies need to heed the principles of a remarkable man whose 150th birthday we are currently celebrating.	我们正在庆祝一位伟人的150年诞辰。全世界最大的两个民主国领导人都应注意这位伟人所提出的原则。
Mohandas Karamchand "Mahatma" Gandhi, who was born on Oct. 2, 1869, left a worldwide legacy with his focus on ethics, nonviolence, tolerance and social justice. He had a profound impact on two of the most important mass mobilizations in the United States.	圣雄莫罕达斯·卡拉姆昌德·甘地出生于1869年10月2日，他关注伦理、非暴力、宽容与社会公正，为全世界留下丰厚遗产。他对美国的两次大规模动员有深远影响。
The influence of Gandhi on the civil rights movement actually started well before the Rev. Martin Luther King's embrace of his ideals, with African-American activists such as Howard Thurman and Benjamin Mays undertaking long sea voyages to India to meet Gandhi.	其实在马丁·路德·金采用甘地的观念之前，甘地对公民权运动早已产生影响，霍华德·瑟曼及本杰明·梅斯等非裔美国活动家都曾远渡重洋，前往印度探访甘地。
And Cesar Chavez, who modeled many of his tactics on Gandhi's in leading the farmworkers" movement, traced his political awakening to a newsreel he watched at the age of 11 or 12 showing that "this half-naked man without a gun had conquered the might of the British Empire."	塞萨尔·查韦斯很多引领农场工作者运动的策略，都是以甘地思想为摹本。查韦斯将自己的政治觉醒追溯到十一、二岁时看的一则新闻短片，片中“这位半裸的男人，没有枪，却征服了大英帝国。”
Outside the United States, Gandhi had a similar effect. Nelson Mandela, the Dalai Lama, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and climate change activists, to give just a few examples, have acknowledged Gandhi as a guiding light.	在美国以外地区，甘地也有类似的影响力。很多人以甘地为指明灯，其中有纳尔逊·曼德拉、达赖喇嘛、诺贝尔和平奖获得者马拉拉·优素福·扎伊及气候变化活动家。
But President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who triumphantly addressed a joint mega-rally in Houston recently, seem to be impervious to Gandhi's ideas, despite paying lip service to him at the event. Both are right-wing populists who have ruled with scant compassion or tolerance, successfully mobilizing whites and Hindus in their respective countries as voting blocs, and fomenting division and social antagonism.	然而，近日美国总统特朗普和印度总理莫迪在休斯顿隆重举办了一场联合大型集会。尽管他们在会上奉承甘地，但似乎对甘地的思想无动于衷。两人都是右翼民粹主义者，其统治方式罕有同情或宽容。他们成功动员本国白人及印度人成为自己的投票群体，挑起分裂及社会对立。
Modi has belonged, since he was 8 years old, to a Hindu nationalist organization known as the RSS, an ex-member of which, Nathuram Godse, assassinated Gandhi on Jan. 30, 1948. Indeed, parliamentarians from Modi's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party have heaped praise on Gandhi's killer in recent years.	莫迪自八岁起就参与印度国民志愿服务团RSS。该团体前成员纳图拉姆·古德斯于1948年1月30日暗杀甘地。实际上，莫迪执政的巴拉迪亚·贾纳塔党议员近年来对暗杀甘地之人赞誉有加。
The Modi government's un-Gandhian approach has manifested itself on many fronts. It has stripped the Muslim-majority province of Jammu and Kashmir of its autonomy and statehood and put it into lockdown. It has proven unwelcoming to the mostly Muslim Rohingya refugees who have fled from extreme persecution in Myanmar.	莫迪政府的非甘地策略已在多方面显露无遗。政府剥夺了穆斯林大省克什米尔的自治权及国家地位，并对其进行封锁。事实证明，大多逃离缅甸迫害的穆斯林罗兴亚难民，对此并不欢迎。
And Modi's government has created an uproar by instituting a national registry of citizens and setting up detention camps in the border state of Assam to ostensibly catch noncitizens from neighboring Muslim-majority Bangladesh, a step that may end up disenfranchising and imprisoning almost 2 million people.	莫迪政府还推出全国公民登记册，在边境阿萨姆建立拘留营，表面上是从邻国孟加拉的穆斯林地区逮捕非公民。这一决策可能导致近两百万人失去公民权及入狱，故而引发轩然大波。
Trump is singing from a similar songbook. His administration's Muslim-majority travel ban echoes the Islamophobia that often informs Modi's policymaking. Its callousness toward refugees mirrors the Indian government's disdain for the Rohingya population's suffering, and its detention camps parallel the ones the Modi regime is setting up. Trump's stirring of racial animosity is analogous to troublesome rhetoric from a number of Modi's cabinet members.	特朗普之举如出一辙。其政府实施的穆斯林旅行禁令与恐伊症相呼应，而莫迪政策也常以恐伊为导向。该政策对难民的冷酷无情，正如印度政府蔑视罗兴亚人遭遇，而拘留营的设置，也与莫迪政权类似。特朗普煽动种族仇恨，也接近莫迪内阁成员一些令人反感的言论。
There was a teachable moment for the two leaders at their recent joint rally. House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer at the event quoted Gandhi's definition of democracy as "something that gives the weak the same chance as the strong."	这两位领导人最近的联合集会中，有一个时刻颇有教育意义。众议院多数党领袖斯特尼·霍耶在会上引用了甘地对民主的定义：“给弱者和强者同等机会。”
Trump and Modi would do very well to keep Gandhi's advice in mind, 150 years after his birth.	在甘地出生150年之后，特朗普和莫迪必将牢记甘地的建议。
Trump nominates Peter Gaynor to be FEMA chief: White House	白宫消息：特朗普提名彼得·盖诺为下一任FEMA局长
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Acting Administrator Peter Gaynor smiles as he testifies before a Senate Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee hearing on FEMA's FY2020 budget request on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2019.	美国联邦紧急事务管理局（FEMA）代理主管彼得·盖诺（Peter Gaynor）于2019年4月3日在美国华盛顿国会山参议院国土安全拨款小组委员会关于FEMA2020税年预算请求的听证会上作证时，面带笑容。
U.S. President Donald Trump nominated Peter Gaynor on Thursday to head the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the White House said in a statement.	美国总统唐纳德·特朗普（Donald Trump）于星期四提名彼得·盖诺为FEMA局长，白宫在一讲话中表示。
Gaynor, FEMA's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires.	FEMA主管政府部门如何应对紧急事件如飓风和野火。盖诺现为FEMA副主管，也曾代理该部门局长一职。
The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed administrator since March, when Brock Long left the post. Long resigned after the Department of Homeland Security, under which FEMA falls, concluded Long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between Washington and his home in North Carolina.	3月布罗克·朗（Brock Long）离任后，参议院一直未确认该部门的主管人选。FEMA隶属的国土安全部（Department of Homeland Security）认定布罗克滥用公车往返于华盛顿和其位于北卡罗来纳州的住所，其因此辞职。
A different nominee for the job, Jeffrey Byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl.	该职位的另一候选人杰弗里·拜厄德（Jeffrey Byard）因背景调查中有参与酒吧斗殴的指控记录而在本月早些时候被取消提名资格。
Gaynor's nomination to the post was expected. He will require a majority of the Senate to approve the nomination to take the job.	盖诺被提名已在意料之中。他需要参议院多数人对此提名的同意，才可任职。
Before becoming FEMA's deputy administrator in 2018, Gaynor worked in emergency management in Rhode Island and was a Marine, the White House said.	2018年担任FEMA副主管前，盖诺曾就职于罗德岛紧急事务管理部门，也是一位海军陆战队队员，白宫表示。
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'	“针对性袭击”中男子在门阶前被点燃
A man has been set alight on his doorstep in what police believe is a targeted attack.	一名男性在自家门阶前被点燃，警方认为这是一起有针对性的袭击。
The 48-year-old was soaked in flammable liquid, believed to be petrol, before bursting into flames outside his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.	这名48岁的男子被浸泡在疑似汽油的易燃液体中，随即在西兰开夏郡斯凯默斯戴尔自家房屋门口燃烧起来。
He is in hospital in a critical but stable condition after suffering serious burns.	严重烧伤后，他目前住院治疗，情况危急但已稳定。
Police have launched an attempted murder inquiry after they were called to the man's house at about 1am on Thursday.	警方于周四凌晨一点接到报警，来到该男子家，并以谋杀未遂案展开调查。
Detective Chief Inspector Pauline Stables, leading the investigation, said: "This is a horrific incident which has left a man in a very poorly condition in hospital.	负责此次调查的侦探总督察Pauline Stables说：“这起事件太可怕了，导致了一名男子现在躺在医院，情况很糟。”
"We are carrying out a number of enquiries to try to identify those responsible.	“我们正在进行多项调查，以锁定涉案人员。”
"While we are trying to establish a motive for what has happened, we do believe that the incident was targeted and I would like to stress that I don't believe there is any threat to the wider community at this time.	“我们正在调查纵火动机，但我们相信这是一次针对性袭击。并且我想强调一点，我认为此事目前不对社区大范围构成威胁。”
"Someone out there knows who has done this and I would urge them to come forward and speak to us.	“如果有人知道谁是肇事者，我敦促他们挺身而出，告知我们。”
"Has a loved one come home acting suspiciously, smelling of smoke or petrol or with unexplained injuries?	“是否有亲人回家后有可疑行为，身上有烟熏或汽油味，或有莫名伤口？”
"We need to find the people responsible for this dreadful crime."	“我们必须找到此次恶性事件的肇事者。”
Vulnerable Dems air impeachment concerns to Pelosi	弱势民主党人就弹劾问题向佩洛西表达看法
During the meeting, several members made clear their stance that Democrats should keep the inquiry focused on the Ukraine matter -- allegations that Trump asked the Ukrainian President to initiate an investigation into a potential 2020 political rival -- and not the other instances of potential wrongdoing detailed in the report from special counsel Robert Mueller.	会议期间，几位成员明确表示了他们的立场，即民主党人应继续将调查重点放在乌克兰“电话门”事件上，指控特朗普要求乌克兰总统调查2020大选潜在政治对手，而非放在特别顾问罗伯特·穆勒（Robert Mueller）在报告中详细列举的其他可能的不当行为上。
Democrats are largely in agreement about the strategy, with Pelosi saying during her press conference on Thursday morning that the whistleblower complaint is "the focus of the moment."	民主党人很大程度上同意这一策略，佩洛西（Pelosi）在周四上午的新闻发布会上说，举报信是“当下的重点”。
By keeping the impeachment inquiry focused, leaders hope to keep the caucus unified -- with an eye to the moderate members who only recently joined calls for proceedings. The Ukraine matter is also relatively clear-cut and easy to explain to the public, lawmakers say. They also argue the probe, spearheaded by the intelligence committee, will be able to move faster -- possibly in the next month or two -- with a narrower scope.	考虑到最近才加入的温和派，领导人们希望通过保持弹劾调查重点不变来保证核心小组的统一一致。议员们说，乌克兰“电话门”事件相对明确，较容易向公众解释。他们还提出理由说，情报委员会带头调查，缩小范围，速度会更快——可能在未来一两个月内。
Rep. Angie Craig, a vulnerable freshman Democrat from Minnesota, who said earlier this week that she supported the impeachment inquiry said after the meeting that Pelosi and Democratic leaders mostly listened to the views raised by the lawmakers.	来自明尼苏达州的弱势新民主党众议员安吉·克雷格（Angie Craig）在本周早些时候表示支持弹劾调查，她在会议结束后说佩洛西和民主党领导人很大程度上听取了议员们的意见。
"I'm in a district where I've been reluctant to move forward only from the perspective where I want to be disciplined, I want to look at due process and want to make sure we get all of our facts -- and this process will allow us to do that," Craig said, adding she backed a narrow probe led by the House Intelligence Committee.	“由于我所在的选区，我不愿意仅仅从想当然的角度出发，我想仔细研究正当法律程序，确保我们了解所有事实——而这一程序可以使我们做到这点。”克雷格说道，并补充说，她支持由众议院情报委员会带头进行缩小范围的调查。
Rep. Matt Cartwright, a Democrat from Pennsylvania, told CNN that he wouldn't -- at this point -- vote for articles of impeachment.	来自宾夕法尼亚州的民主党众议员马特·卡特赖特（Matt Cartwright）告诉美国有线电视新闻网（CNN），此时此刻他不会赞成弹劾条款。
"I would vote no right now because we haven't seen all the facts," Cartwright said. "We have to presume that people are innocent, don't we, and we have to see if what the press has been reporting and what has been revealed in terms of documentation, if if all that is true."	“目前我会投反对票，因为我们还没有看到所有事实，”卡特赖特说，“我们必须假设人们是无辜的，不是么？我们必须先看新闻报道的内容和文件披露的信息，看看这些内容是否属实。”
Democrats will hear from constituents about their moves toward impeachment soon, with members scheduled to return to their districts for a two-week recess at the start of October. It will be the first time a swath of members from more conservative districts will receive clear, in-person feedback -- or, in some cases, blowback -- from the people they represent since they joined calls for impeachment proceedings in the wake of the Ukraine allegations earlier this week.	议员们计划在十月回到各自的选区休息两周，因此很快民主党人就将从选民那里得知他们对弹劾的看法。这对于来自保守地区的一大批议员来说，将是他们自本周早些时候加入乌克兰“电话门”指控弹劾程序后，首次从他们所代表的选民那里获得亲身明确的反馈——也有可能是批评。
But Rep. Dan Kildee, a Michigan Democrat, said the timing of the recess has its upsides.	然而，密歇根州民主党众议员丹·基尔迪（Dan Kildee）说，这样的休息时间安排也是有好处的。
"I really can't think of a better thing to do than to sort of check in with the boss before we move forward," he told reporters. "It's actually good timing that we get a chance to go home, catch our breath, get the perspective of people back home, explain what we're doing, and then come back and move forward accordingly."	“能与衣食父母交流是最好的事了，”他告诉记者，“这其实是个非常好的时机，我们能回家，休息片刻，了解家乡人们的想法，向大家解释我们正在做什么，再回来，根据我们两周的收获，继续往前走。“
Once lawmakers return, though, movement is likely to be quick.	一旦议员从家乡返回后，进程则可能会加快。
"I think it's everybody's intention here to get this done in 2019," said Rep. Jamie Raskin, an impeachment advocate and member of the Judiciary Committee.	“我觉得这里所有人都打算在2019年内完成这项工作。”弹劾支持者、司法委员会委员杰米·拉斯金（Jamie Raskin）说。
"The caucus is unified around the lawlessness and corruption pouring forth from the White House, and our job will be to reduce it to a set of articles of impeachment that make sense to the country," the Maryland Democrat told reporters on Thursday night. "We need a set of articles that make a compelling legal case and that tell a coherent story to the public. And if we do our job right, it will be a unifying exercise for the whole country."	“核心小组就白宫涌现的非法和腐败问题已达成一致，我们的任务是将其简化为一系列对国家有意义的弹劾条款。”这位马里兰州民主党人于周四晚告诉记者，“我们需要一系列能带来有力法律诉讼的条款，同时能向公众诉说一个连贯的故事。如果我们做的好，这将对整个国家都颇有益处。”
Rep. Anthony Brindisi, a freshman from New York who has resisted calls for an impeachment probe, told CNN that he's "not yet" there on impeaching Trump.	来自纽约州的新众议员安东尼·布林迪西（Anthony Brindisi）表示拒绝弹劾调查，他告诉CNN他“尚未”支持弹劾特朗普。
"While I find many of the statements in the whistleblower's report disturbing, there's a lot more information that's out there," Brindisi said. "We have to talk to some of these officials that they have listed in the report here and see where it goes."	“虽然我发现举报人报告中有诸多令人不安的陈述，但还有许多未知信息，”布林迪西说，“我们必须与报告中列举的部分官员交流，看看具体情况如何。”
More than half the members of the US House of Representatives have said they support an impeachment inquiry, according to a CNN count. However, that count includes many Democrats who say they support an impeachment investigation but are still waiting for the results of the probe before deciding whether to finally vote to impeach Trump. Even if the House could pass the vote, it likely would go nowhere in the Republican-controlled Senate, one of many reasons the issue has been politically divisive in the party.	根据CNN统计，过半美国众议院议员表示支持弹劾调查。但这一统计数据包括许多民主党人，他们声称支持弹劾调查，但仍在等待调查结果，以最终决定是否投票弹劾特朗普。即便众议院投票通过弹劾特朗普，由共和党控制的参议院也不会通过，这也是党内产生分歧的诸多原因之一。
Still there has been a surge in support -- more than 75 House members in about three days -- of launching such an inquiry as part of the fallout from Trump's July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky where he discussed former Vice President Joe Biden. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by Biden.	尽管如此，支持弹劾调查人数仍在上涨，3天之内增加超过75名众议院议员。上涨原因在于特朗普7月25日在与乌克兰总统弗拉基米尔·泽连斯基（Volodymyr Zelensky）通话时讨论了前副总统乔·拜登（Joe Biden）。没有证据表明拜登有任何不当行为。
Trump official says lawyers had Ukraine call transcript moved to secure system	特朗普官员称律师已将乌克兰通话记录转移至安全系统
A senior Trump administration official acknowledged Friday that White House lawyers directed moving the transcript of President Trump's July phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to a highly secure system.	特朗普政府的一位高级官员在周五表示，白宫律师指示将特朗普总统与乌克兰总统弗拉基米尔·泽连斯基七月的通话记录转移到更高的安全系统。
Other details about what efforts were taken to move the records are not immediately known, beyond the allegations contained in the whistleblower complaint about that call.	除了检举人对这次通话的指控外，其他为了转移记录所做工作的细节，还无法立刻明确。
The whistleblower complaint, which was declassified by the Trump administration and released to the public on Thursday by the House Intelligence Committee, alleges that White House officials said they were "directed" by White House attorneys to remove the transcript of the call from the computer system where they are normally kept.	这份被特朗普政府解密，并在周四由美国众议院情报委员会公之于众的检举人指控书表示，白宫官员称，他们在白宫律师的“指示”下，将这份通话记录从平时保存的电脑系统中删除了。
The whistleblower alleged that the transcript was kept on a different system normally used for classified information. The whistleblower also said that, according to White House officials, it was "not the first time" a presidential transcript was placed into this system in order to protect politically sensitive information and not national security-sensitive information. The complaint alleged that the White House tried to "restrict access" to records of the call.	检举人称，记录被保存在另一个通常用于加密信息的系统中。检举人还说，白宫官员表示，为了保护政治敏感信息和非国家安全相关的信息，这“不是第一次”将总统的记录放在这个系统中。指控书称，白宫试图“限制访问”这份通话记录。
"In the days following the phone call, I learned from multiple U.S. officials that senior White House officials had intervened to "lock down" all records of the phone call, especially the official word-for-word transcript of the call that was produced - as customary - by the White House Situation Room," the whistleblower stated.	“在通话后的几天里，我从多名美国官员处得知，白宫高层官员已经介入，将这次通话的所有记录全部‘封锁’，特别是白宫战情室（按照惯例）制作的，对这次通话逐字逐句的官方记录。”检举人表示。
The White House released an unclassified version of that transcript of the call on Wednesday. The memo, which does not reflect a "verbatim transcript" but is based on "notes and recollections" of those memorializing the call, shows Trump seeking assistance in investigating the Bidens.	白宫在周三发布了一份此次通话的未加密版本。这份备忘录并不是“一字不差的记录”，而是基于通话记录者的“笔记和回忆”，显示特朗普正在寻求协助，对拜登家进行调查。
"The other thing, there is a lot of talk about Biden's son, that Biden stopped prosecution and a lot of people want to find out about that so whatever you can do with the Attorney General would be great," he said. "Biden went around bragging that he stopped the prosecution, so if you can look into it...sounds horrible to me."	他说，“还有一件事，有许多关于拜登儿子的传言，说拜登已经阻止起诉，许多人都想了解这件事，所以，无论你们能和司法部长做什么，都是很好的。”“拜登到处吹嘘自己摆平了起诉，如果你们能调查一下就好了……我觉得很可怕。”
This refers to Joe Biden, while vice president, urging Ukraine to fire its top prosecutor Viktor Shokin who was investigating the natural gas firm Burisma Holdings - where his son, Hunter Biden, was on the board. Biden allies maintain that corruption concerns prompted his intervention.	这指的是乔·拜登在任职副总统期间，敦促乌克兰解雇最高检察官维克托·肖金，当时他正在调查天然气公司Burisma Holdings——他的儿子亨特·拜登曾是董事会成员。拜登的盟友认为，是对腐败的担忧促使他进行干预。
But the whistleblower's complaint alleges that Trump was soliciting foreign assistance to help in the 2020 campaign. The whistleblower acknowledged in the complaint, though, that the concerns were based on second-hand information.	但检举人的指控书声称，特朗普正在拉拢外国援助，以帮助2020年的竞选活动。不过，检举人在指控中承认，这些怀疑是建立在第二手信息上的。
The White House lawyers" directive to move the transcript has been characterized by top Democrats as a "cover-up."	民主党高层将白宫律师指示转移记录的行为描述为“掩盖事实”。
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., who was prompted by Ukraine developments this week to announce a formal impeachment inquiry into the president, called the move a "cover-up" and said it would be part of the impeachment inquiry.	加利福尼亚州民主党员白宫发言人南希·佩罗西，因为本周乌克兰事态的发展，宣布对总统进行正式的弹劾调查，称此举是“掩饰”，并称这将是弹劾调查的一部分。
Meanwhile, Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow downplayed the importance of the record-keeping details.	与此同时，特朗普的律师杰伊·赛库洛淡化了细节记录的重要性。
"A cover-up? Think about that for a moment," Sekulow said on "Fox & Friends" Friday. "The White House secured a call with the president of Ukraine? It's so secret and such a cover-up, here's the documents. This is nonsense."	“掩饰？思考一下吧。”赛库洛周五在“福克斯与朋友”节目中说。“白宫封锁与乌克兰总统的通话记录？如果真的这么隐秘，真的是掩饰行为，怎么这里还有文件记录。真是一派胡言。”
Ukraine scandal: Pelosi says Barr 'rogue'; former U.S. officials back investigation	乌克兰丑闻：佩洛西称巴尔“无赖”，前美国官员支持调查
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused U.S. Attorney General William Barr Friday of going "rogue" to protect President Donald Trump over his controversial phone call with Ukraine's leader, which has led to an impeachment inquiry.	众议院议长南希·佩洛西指责美国总检察长威廉·巴尔周五为保护总统唐纳德·特朗普而耍“无赖”。特朗普与乌克兰领导人的电话通话极具争议，导致了弹劾调查。
The California Democrat's words follow a release of the complaint Thursday, which was submitted by an unidentified intelligence official to Intelligence Community Inspector General Michael Atkinson. Atkinson turned it over to national intelligence director Joseph Maguire.	这位加州民主党人士的发言是在周四公布投诉之后进行的。投诉由一名身份不明的情报官员提交给国家情报督察长迈克尔·阿特金森。阿特金森将此案转交给国家情报代理总监约瑟夫·马奎尔。
Barr is mentioned several times in the July 25 phone call, as is Trump attorney Rudolph Giuliani. The complaint says White House officials were concerned enough that they attempted to "lock down" the record of the call.	7月25日的通话多次提到巴尔，同样提及的还有特朗普的律师鲁迪·朱利安尼。投诉表示白宫官员非常担心，并试图“封锁”通话记录。
"[Barr has] gone rogue," Pelosi told MSNBC Friday. "I think where they're going is a cover-up of a cover-up. I think it's sad, to have a Justice Department go so rogue. Well, they have been for a while. And now it just makes matters worse."	佩洛西周五告诉MSNBC：“（巴尔）是在耍无赖。我认为他们将要做的掩饰的掩饰。我觉得司法部这样耍无赖，是很可悲的。不过他们一直这样。而现在，这只是让事情变得更糟了。”
Pelosi announced an official impeachment investigation this week after Trump acknowledged he'd withheld military aid to Ukraine. The aid was ultimately granted, but House Democrats want to know whether there was any connection to the aid and Trump's asking Zelensky to investigate Hunter Biden, who worked for a Ukrainian gas company for five years.	特朗普承认他对乌克兰的军事援助之后，佩洛西本周宣布正式对其进行弹劾。这些军事援助最终得到了批准，但众议院民主党人想知道的是，军事援助和特朗普要求泽伦斯基调查为乌克兰天然气公司工作的亨特·拜登之间是否有任何关联。
Also Friday, nearly 300 former U.S. foreign policy and national security officials signed a letter supporting the impeachment investigation. The coalition said Trump's actions constitute a "profound national security concern."	同样在周五，近300名美国前外交政策和国家安全官员签署了一封支持弹劾调查的信件。该联盟表示，特朗普的行为造成“严重国家安全困扰”。
"We applaud those members of Congress, including Speaker Pelosi, who have started us down that necessary path," the letter states. "President Trump appears to have leveraged the authority and resources of the highest office in the land to invite additional foreign interference into our democratic process. That would constitute an unconscionable abuse of power.	信中说：“我们支持包括议长佩洛西在内的国会议员，他们让我们走上了这条必要的道路。特朗普总统似乎利用国家最高职位的权力和资源，来邀请更多的国外势力干涉我们的民主进程。这将构成不合情理的滥用权力行为。
"It would also represent an effort to subordinate America's national interests -- and those of our closest allies and partners -- to the president's personal political interest."	“这种行为也代表了美国国家利益以及与我们亲密盟友及合作伙伴的利益被置于次要地位，而总统个人的政治利益被置于首位。”
Trump has denied there was any impropriety with the phone call. Friday, he denounced the complainant and again said the call with Zelensky was a "perfect conversation"	特朗普否认通话内容包含任何不妥。周五，他对投诉进行谴责，并再次表示他与泽伦斯基的通话是一次“完美通话”
"Sounding more and more like the so-called whistle-blower isn't a whistle-blower at all," he tweeted. "In addition, all second-hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?"	他在Twitter上表示：“情况听起来越来越像是所谓的举报人根本不是举报人。另外，所有二手信息都被证明是不准确的，难道不会是其他人，一个泄密者或者间谍，给这个举报人提供的？也许是个党派特工？”
Vice President Mike Pence also had interactions with Ukrainian leaders, the whistle-blower complaint shows, and he met with Zelensky in Poland earlier this month. He said neither Joe Biden or Hunter Biden were discussed.	举报人的投诉显示，副总统迈克·彭斯也跟乌克兰领导人有过交流，本月早些时候他与泽伦斯基在波兰会面。他表示他们并未讨论乔·拜登和亨特·拜登。
Death of Chinese activist in police custody prompts calls for investigation into torture	中国活动家拘留期间死亡 要求调查警方用刑呼声高
Human rights advocates are calling for an investigation into the death of a Chinese activist, arrested after holding up a placard calling for Chinese leader Xi Jinping to step down.	一名中国活动家因举牌要求中国主席习近平下台被捕，人权维护者呼吁对其死因展开调查。
Wang Meiyu, 38, was detained in July after he stood outside the Hunan provincial police department holding a sign that called on Xi and Chinese premier Li Keqiang to resign and implement universal suffrage in China. He was later charged with "picking quarrels and provoking trouble," a vague offence often given to dissidents.	王美余，38岁，7月间在湖南省公安厅外举牌要求习近平及总理李克强下台、在中国实行普选，随后遭到羁押。他后来以“寻衅滋事罪”被起诉，该罪名十分模糊，常用于政治上的反对人士。
According to Wang's mother and lawyer, he died on Monday. Wang's wife Cao Shuxia received a call from police notifying her that her husband had died at a military hospital in the city of Hengyang where he had been held. The police officer on the phone did not offer any explanation of the cause of death.	据王美余母亲及律师所言，王美余死于周一。他的妻子曹曙霞接到警方电话，得知丈夫死于衡阳市军用医院。衡阳市正是王美余羁押处。
According to Minsheng Guancha, a Chinese human rights group, Cao was later able to see Wang's body and saw he was bleeding from his eyes, mouth, ears and nose and there were bruises on his face.	据中国人权组织民生观察报道，曹曙霞后来见到丈夫尸身七孔流血，面部有瘀伤。
"The Chinese government must investigate allegations of torture and the death in detention of human rights activist Wang Meiyu and hold the perpetrators of torture and extrajudicial killing criminally accountable," the Chinese Human Rights Defenders (CHRD) said in a statement.	中国人权捍卫者（CHRD）表示：“中国政府必须调查关于维权人士王美余在拘留期间受刑致死的指控，对使用酷刑及法外处决的肇事者追究刑事责任。”
According to Radio Free Asia, Cao said police pressured her to accept their statement that Wang's death had been an accident but she refused. An officer at the Hengyang police station said he could not comment on the case. Wang's mother told the Guardian the family has been offered compensation of more than 2 million yuan (about $220,000).	自由亚洲电台称，曹曙霞表示警方曾对其施压，要她接受警方说辞，表明王美余之死为意外，但她拒绝了警方要求。衡阳警方一名工作人员表示对此案无可奉告。王美余的母亲告诉《卫报》，家属接到提议，可获两百多万元（约22万美元）赔偿金。
"Giving compensation without an investigation or criminal accountability for the perpetrator is not true redress nor will it effectively prevent torture," said Frances Eve, deputy director of research at CHRD.	中国人权捍卫者副主任法兰茜表示：“给予赔偿金，而不进行调查或追究肇事者刑事责任，就不是真正的赔偿，也不利于有效阴止用刑。“
"Especially when a family has effectively been held hostage and thus likely coerced into giving up claims for investigation for the compensation."	“尤其是家属实际上已被挟持为人质时，他们可能因受到胁迫而接受赔偿，放弃追查。”
Wang's death follows after those of other activists including grassroots lawyer Ji Sizun, who died in police custody in July, Uighur scholar Muhammad Salih Hajim who died last year. Nobel laureate winner Liu Xiaobo who was denied cancer treatment died in 2017 while serving an 11-year-prison sentence and activist Cao Shunli died in 2014, detained after attempting to attend a UN session on human rights in China.	王美余之死，步其他数位维权人士之后尘，其中包括7月在警方拘留下死亡的草根律师纪斯尊，以及去年死亡的维吾尔学者穆罕默德·萨利赫·阿吉。诺贝尔奖获得者刘晓波在11年有期徒刑服刑期间，要求接受癌症治疗被拒，死于2017年。活动家曹顺利试图参联合国人权会议，在中国被羁押，死于2014年。
Since Monday, Wang's family has been placed under house arrest, according to CHRD. He has two young children. Others connected to his case have also come under pressure. Late on Wednesday, six armed police detained Xie Yang, a rights lawyer, and Chen Yanhui, an activist, who had met at a hotel to discuss Wang's case. They were released on Thursday.	据中国人权捍卫者称，自周一以来，王美余的家人遭到软禁。王美余有两个年幼的孩子。其他一些涉案人员也被施压。周三，六名武装警察拘留人权律师谢阳及活动家陈燕慧。二人曾于酒店会面，讨论王美余一案。二人于周四获得释放。
Wang, who began his work as an activist when his home was forcibly demolished, has been detained and claimed to have suffered torture before.	王美余是在其住房遭到强拆之后开始他的活动家生涯，他过去也曾被拘留，并称遭受酷刑。
In 2018 after he held up the placard calling for Xi's resignation, he wrote online of how police stormed into his home, ordering him to write a confession letter and a statement promising he would stop.	2018年他举牌要求习近平下台之后，他在网上记录了警方如何涌入他家，命他写下悔过书和保证书，保证永不再犯。
"These idiots. They can't understand that even after these years of persecution, including being deprived of water for three days or suffering two hours of electrical needles that caused me to vomit blood, I won't surrender."	“这些脑残。他们也不想想，这些年他们怎样折磨我，甚至三天三夜滴水都未沾，再用电针折磨我两个来小时，害得我口吐鲜血。我不会屈服。”
Pet owners who fail to walk their dogs face $2,700 fine	宠物主不遛狗将面临2700美元罚金
Owners can face heavy on-the-spot fines if they fail to provide basics like shelter, food and water. People who confine dogs for 24 hours must also allow them to move freely for the next two hours or face prosecution.	主人如果不能为宠物狗提供基本所需，如住所、食物、饮水，将面临当场的巨额罚金。宠物狗被关24小时后，主人须让其自由活动两小时，不然将面临指控。
The territory is the first jurisdiction in Australia to recognize animal sentience.	澳大利亚首都特区成为第一个承认“动物有自我意识”的辖区。
"Modern animal welfare is about considering how an animal is coping both mentally and physically with the conditions in which it lives," ACT City Service Minister Chris Steel, who secured the bill, said in a media release.	“所谓现代动物福利，就是考虑一只动物如何生理和心理上适应其生存环境，”澳大利亚首都特区（ACT）市政部长克里斯·斯蒂尔（Chris Steel）在一新闻发布会表示，其也是该法案的促成者。
Hong Kong police say student arrests at protests increase	香港警方表示抗议期间被捕学生增多
Hong Kong police said Friday that students accounted for 29% of nearly 1,600 people detained in anti-democracy protests since June and urged young people to take the "straight and narrow path" as more major rallies are planned this weekend.	香港警方周五表示，六月以来，因反民主抗议已拘留将近1600人，其中学生占29%。警方劝告年轻人，周末将有更多集会计划，他们应当“走正道”。
Police public relations chief Tse Chun-chung said 207 high school and university students were detained this month alone despite the resumption of classes after the summer holiday, compared to 257 over the June-August period.	警察公共关系科总警司谢振中表示，尽管暑假结束，学校已经开学，仅在本月就有207名高中生及大学生被拘留，而六到八月总共257名。
He said there was a rise in teenagers participating in violent crimes, with some already charged in court. This included a 16-year-old charged recently with arson, which carries possible a life imprisonment upon conviction, a 13-year-old girl charged with desecrating Chinese flags and others with attacking police officers and carrying dangerous weapons.	他表示，参与暴力犯罪的青少年增多，其中一些已经被法庭起诉。最近有一名16岁青少年被控纵火，一旦定罪，可能终身监禁；还有一名13岁女生，被控亵渎中国国旗；另有一些涉嫌袭警或携带危险武器。
"It is an alarming trend to us," he said at a news conference. "It is worrying to see these youths breaking the law and possibly having criminal records at such a young and tender age. We appeal to all youngsters to rethink their actions and hope the education sector and parents will help our young people to walk the straight and narrow path."	他在新闻会上表示：“这一趋势很吓人。看着年轻人犯法，这么年轻就要留下犯罪记录，很令人担忧。我们恳请广大青少年重新思考他们的行为，希望教育机构及家长可以帮助年轻人走正道。”
Young people have largely led the protests that started in June over an extradition bill that the government has now agreed to withdraw. But the movement has since drawn wider participation as it snowballed into a wider anti-China campaign against what protesters say is Beijing's creeping intrusion into Hong Kong's autonomy promised when the former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997.	在很大程度上，年轻人领导了六月开始的一次抗议，以反对一项引渡法案。政府如今已经同意撤回该法案。然而在那之后，运动吸引了更多参与人员，愈演愈烈，发展成反中运动，称北京正在侵蚀1997年英属香港回归时承诺给香港的自治权。
Protesters have widened their demands to include direct elections for the city's leaders and an independent inquiry into alleged police brutality against protesters.	抗议者提出更广泛的要求，包括城市领导的选举权，并声称警察对抗议者施暴，要求展开独立调查。
Thousands of people staged a peaceful protest at a downtown square Friday night against alleged abuse of power by police, waving anti-police banners and chanting pro-democracy slogans. The government has said complaints against police will be examined by a police watchdog agency that critics say is toothless and has no real investigative powers.	周五晚，数千人在市中心广场进行和平抗议，声称警察滥用职权，并挥动反警横幅，高喊民主口号。政府表示，警察监管机构会调查对警方的投诉，但有评论人称，该监管机构形同虚设，全无调查实权。
Police have approved a major rally in downtown Hong Kong on Saturday organized by the Civil Human Rights Front to mark the fifth anniversary of the start of the Umbrella Revolution, when protesters occupied key thoroughfares in the city for 79 days in 2014 to demand universal suffrage. That movement ended without any government concession.	警方已经批准于周六在香港市中心举行的大型集会。该集会由民间人权战线组织，用以纪念雨伞运动五周年。2014年的雨伞运动中，抗议者占领市内各大要道长达79天，要求进行真普选。运动告终时，政府并未做出让步。
Protesters are also organizing "anti-totalitarianism" rallies in Hong Kong and many cities worldwide on Sunday against what they denounced as China's tyranny.	周日，抗议者还在香港及世界各地城市组织了反极权大游行，反对他们所谴责的中国独裁。
Tse appealed to protesters to stop hijacking peaceful protests, like what happened in previous rallies when some lobbed gasoline bombs, set off street fires and vandalized public utilities. Police have responded with tear gas, water cannons, and other measures, prompting complaints from protesters that they are using excessive force.	谢振中呼吁抗议者不要再劫持和平抗议作为借口，像此前集会一样，有人汽油炸弹、在街道纵火、蓄意破坏公共设施。警方回以催泪弹、水炮及其他措施，导致抗议者投诉警方滥用武力。
The Civil Human Rights Front is also planning another big march on Oct. 1, sparking fears of a bloody showdown that could embarrass China's ruling Communist Party as it marks its 70th year in power with grand festivities in Beijing. The Hong Kong government has scaled down National Day celebrations by calling off an annual firework display and moving a reception indoors.	民间人权战线还计划于10月1日举行大游行，使人担心会出现血腥对抗。10月1日标志着中共执政70年，北京将有庆典，这样的对抗可能令中共很难堪。香港政府已经减小国庆规模，取消年度烟花汇演，招待活动改在室内场所进行。
Nestle tightens controls on coffee beans after weedkiller scare	除草剂恐慌后，雀巢加强咖啡豆品控
The world's largest coffee company said in a statement Friday that it had found glyphosate residues close to the maximum allowed in some deliveries of green coffee beans.	这家全球最大的咖啡公司在周五的一份声明中说，部分交付的生咖啡豆中发现草甘膦的残留量已接近监管限制。
Glyphosate is the key ingredient in Monsanto's weedkiller, Roundup. In the United States, juries have awarded huge monetary damages to people who say their cancer was caused by exposure to glyphosate. Bayer, which owns Monsanto, says the herbicide is safe when used properly, as does the US Environmental Protection Agency.	草甘膦是孟山都（Monsanto）除草剂农达（Roundup）的关键成分。在美国，由于接触草甘膦导致的癌症，陪审团均已裁定大额金钱赔偿。孟山都的母公司拜耳公司表示，该除草剂在正确使用的情况下是安全的。此说法同样得到美国国家环境保护局的确认。
Neumann Kaffee Gruppe (NKG), one of the world's largest traders, said glyphosate was one of a number of substances it monitored on the coffee it buys. Nestle buys some of its coffee beans from NKG. It was too early to say what consequences Nestle's tighter controls would have on NKG, a spokesperson said.	世界最大贸易商之一的诺伊曼咖啡集团（Neumann Kaffee Gruppe）表示，草甘膦是他们采购咖啡时监测的众多物质之一。部分雀巢咖啡豆购买自诺依曼集团。一位发言人说，现在判断雀巢加强品控对诺依曼有何影响还为时尚早。
Nestle's (NSRGF) decision to increase the frequency of checks was unlikely to disrupt global coffee supply chains, a spokesperson said. "This is not a new process, we are just reinforcing controls," the spokesperson told CNN Business. Tests were done before the coffee was shipped from the countries of origin.	雀巢一位发言人表示，雀巢决定增加检查频率不太可能影响全球咖啡供应链。这位发言人告诉CNN商业（CNN Business），“这不是一道新程序，我们只是加强了控制。”咖啡从原产国运出之前就已经过各种测验。
Nestle would start with suppliers in Indonesia and Brazil, since these countries are among the world's biggest coffee producers.	雀巢这一决定会从印尼和巴西的供货商开始执行，因为这些国家是全球最大的咖啡生产国之一。
"Our agronomists will continue to work with coffee farmers to help them improve their weed management practices, including the appropriate use of herbicides and adoption of other weeding methods," the Swiss company said.	这家瑞士公司表示：“我们的农业学专家会继续与咖啡农合作，帮助他们改进杂草管理手段，包括如何合理使用除草剂和试用其他除草方法。“
Brands such as Nescafe and Nespresso make up a sizable chunk of Nestle's powdered and liquid beverages business, which generated sales of 21.6 billion Swiss francs ($21.7 billion) in 2018. Nestle last year agreed a deal to sell Starbucks' packaged coffees and teas around the world.	包括雀巢速溶（Nescafe）和雀巢胶囊（Nespresso）在内的雀巢子品牌在雀巢的粉状和液态饮料业务中占比巨大，2018年销售额达216亿瑞士法郎（217亿美元）。雀巢去年达成一项交易，将在全球范围内出售星巴克袋装咖啡和袋泡茶。
Does glyphosate cause cancer?	草甘膦是否致癌？
Glyphosate is used on more than 100 food crops, according to the EPA. Scientists at an environmental advocacy group with links to the organic food industry say several popular breakfast cereals contain doses of the chemical that are higher than they consider safe for children.	根据美国环保局，草甘膦被用于至少100多粮食作物上。一家与有机食品产业相关的环保倡导组织的科学家说，几款流行的早餐谷物中所含的化学物质超出对儿童的安全剂量。
Still, the EPA says glyphosate is not a carcinogen and that it poses no public health risks. Ecological risks include damage to pollinators and the problem of weed resistance, the EPA said in a statement in April.	同时，环保局表示草甘膦不是致癌物，不会威胁公众健康。环境保护局在四月的一份声明中说，草甘膦的生态风险包括危害传粉昆虫以及杂草耐药性问题。
But that has not stopped thousands of people from filing lawsuits against Monsanto alleging that exposure to Roundup caused them or their loved ones to develop cancer.	但这并没有阻止成千上万的人对孟山都提起诉讼，指控接触农达产品导致他们自己或亲人患上癌症。
Earlier this year, a jury ordered Bayer to pay a California couple $2 billion in damages after they claimed that Roundup, used on their property for more than three decades, had given them both Non-Hodgkin lymphoma within four years of one other. Bayer is contesting the verdict.	今年早些时候，陪审团裁定拜耳向加州一对夫妇支付20亿美元的赔偿，这对夫妻声称他们在花园中使用农达超过30年，这让两人在四年内相继患上非霍奇金淋巴瘤。拜耳就此裁定提出异议。
A 2015 study by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer found that glyphosate was "probably carcinogenic to humans," based on "limited" evidence of cancer in humans and "sufficient" evidence of cancer in experimental animals. However, a joint panel of the WHO and the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization later concluded that glyphosate is unlikely to pose a carcinogenic risk to humans from exposure through diet.	世卫组织国际癌症研究机构2015年的一项研究发现，草甘膦“可能对人类致癌”，研究依据“有限的”人类癌症证据和“充足的”实验动物癌症证据。然而，世卫组织和联合国粮农组织的一次联合小组讨论却得出结论，草甘膦不太可能通过日常饮食对人类产生致癌风险。
Man guilty of killing 6 members of his extended family in Texas	一男子被指控杀害其小姨住在得克萨斯州的一家六口
A Utah man was convicted Thursday of killing six members of his extended family in Texas and faces the possibility of a death sentence.	一犹他州男子于星期四被指控杀害其小姨住在得克萨斯州的一家六口，并可能面临死刑。
A Harris County jury found Ronald Haskell, 39, guilty in the July 2014 killings of six members of the Stay family: parents Stephen Stay and Katie Stay, and children Bryan, 13, Emily, 9, Rebecca, 7 and Zach, 4.	哈里斯县一陪审团认定39岁的罗纳德·哈斯克尔（Ronald Haskell）因于2014年6月杀害斯德一家六口而构成犯罪，受害者如下：父斯蒂芬·斯德（Stephen Stay）和母凯蒂·斯德（Katie Stay），其子女包括布莱恩（13周岁）、艾米丽（9周岁）、瑞贝卡（7周岁）、扎克（4周岁）。
"We are grateful for the jurors' rapt attention over the last many weeks to every piece of evidence in the case," Harris County District Attorney Kim Ogg said in a statement. "There was never a reasonable doubt that Haskell meticulously planned and carried out the slaughter of the Stay family."	“我们感谢陪审员过去数周对内本案每一件证据都一丝不苟的态度，”哈里斯县地方检察官金·奥格（Kim Ogg）在一讲话中表示。“毋庸置疑，哈斯克尔有精心策划本案并血洗斯德全家。”
Police have said that Haskell traveled from California to the Houston suburb of Spring and ambushed his ex-wife's sister, her husband and their five children in their home.	警方称，哈斯克尔从加利福尼亚前往休斯敦斯普林郊区，袭杀小姨及其丈夫，以及在家的五个孩子。
The Stays and four of their children were fatally shot in the back of their heads, and a fifth child, who was 15 at the time, survived. That teen, Cassidy, was grazed in the head by a bullet and played dead.	斯德夫妇及其四个孩子后脑中枪死亡，另一15岁的孩子则幸免于难。这个名叫卡西迪的少女脑部被子弹擦伤，倒下装死才逃过一劫。
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty in the capital murder case, but jurors will decide whether Haskell should receive a death sentence or life in prison.	控方要求本蓄意谋杀案以死刑判处，但陪审团将决定哈斯克尔被判死刑还是终身监禁。
At trial, the defense argued that Haskell was insane and heard voices that led him to kill the six people, NBC affiliate KPRC of Houston reported. After the verdict was read Thursday, he hung his head.	审判时，辩方认为哈斯克尔心智失常，并产生幻听才致使六人被杀，NBC子公司KPRC休斯敦报道。星期四，判决书宣读完后，被告感到无地自容。
"I think he took it as best as you could expect," said Doug Durham, one of Haskell's defense attorneys, according to the station. "He was aware that this was a strong possibility."	“我看得出他很清楚状况，”道格·德拉姆（Doug Durham）说道，其是哈斯克尔的辩方律师，据KPRC报道。“他清楚自己完全可能被判死刑。”
The sentencing phase begins Monday. Haskell defense attorney Neil Davis III said his team will work "to save his life. That's our job," according to KPRC.	判决期开始于星期一。哈斯克尔的辩方律师尼尔·戴维斯（Neil Davis III ）表示，“辩方会尽力保住被告的性命。这是我们的本职，”据KPRC报道。
The sentencing phase is expected to last around 2 ½ weeks, the station reported.	判决期预计会持续2周半左右，据KPRC报道。
Cassidy testified at the trial and was surrounded by family members. She appeared to be praying before the guilty verdict was read Thursday, according to KPRC.	本案审理时，卡西迪有出庭作证并有家人陪伴。星期四，罪行判决宣读前，她似乎在祈祷，据KPRC报道。
At a 2014 memorial for her family, Cassidy thanked the community for its support and said that she was comforted knowing her parents, two brothers and two sisters are "in a much better place, and that I'll be able to see them again one day."	在2014年为其家人举办的纪念活动上，卡西迪感激社区的支持，并表示，得知她的父母、两个兄弟和两个姐妹“到了一个更好的地方，某一天我会和他们再次相逢”，她感到安慰。
Haskell was disguised as a FedEx delivery driver when he went to the Stay home, apparently looking for his ex-wife, who is Katie Stay's sister.	哈斯克尔伪装成联邦快递公司的送货员工，前往斯德住所，明显是为寻找其前妻（凯蒂·斯德的姐姐）。
He forced his way inside and tied up Cassidy, officials said. When the rest of her family returned minutes later, Haskell tied them up and demanded to know the whereabouts of his ex-wife. They said they didn't know, and they were each shot in the back of the head.	他强行闯入并将卡西迪绑住，官方称。不久，当卡西迪全家返回家中时，哈斯克尔将其全部绑住，并质问其前妻的去向。受害者表示不知情后，后脑均中枪。
Cassidy, who was wounded, played dead until Haskell left, and was able to identify him to police. She told officials he was planning to drive to her grandparents' home and kill them. But police tracked down Haskell, and he was arrested after a 20-minute police chase and a three-hour standoff.	卡西迪受伤后便倒地装死，直到哈斯克尔离开。她因此成为警方查出凶犯的关键所在。她告诉警方，凶手计划驱车前往她祖父母家并意图行凶杀人。但警方已获取到哈斯克尔的行踪，经历20分钟的追捕和3小时的对峙后，最终将其擒获。
US deaths could result in Scottish ban on vaping and e-cigarette ads	美国死亡事件可能导致苏格兰禁止电子烟广告
A BAN on advertising for e-cigarettes and vaping products, is being considered by ministers.	各部长正在考虑禁止对电子烟和电子烟产品的广告宣传。
The First Minister has confirmed that a consultation on the move would take place in "the coming months."	首席大臣已经确认，将在“接下来的几个月里”就此举进行协商。
Nicola Sturgeon says that if evidence supports further moves over the sale of such products her Government would "not hesitate" to act.	尼古拉·斯特尔根说，如果有证据支持应对此类产品的销售采取进一步行动，政府会“毫不犹豫”地这么做。
It comes as it emerged a vaping-related illness had claimed two more lives, bringing the total number of fatalities to 11.	起因是一种与电子烟相关的疾病导致两人死亡，使死亡总人数达到11人。
Vaping - which involves inhaling a mix typically made of nicotine, water, solvents and flavours - is seen as an alternative to smoking which can help you quit, but its safety is still not entirely known.	电子烟——即吸入通常由尼古丁、水、有机溶剂和香料组成的混合物——被视为吸烟的替代品，它能帮助你戒烟，但其安全性尚未完全明确。
But in the US, more than 500 people are known to have fallen ill with a mysterious lung disease after smoking e-cigarettes. Officials said hundreds of additional cases had been reported in the past week alone.	但在美国，已知有超过500人在吸食电子烟后患上了一种神秘的肺部疾病。官员称，仅过去一周就报告了数百起新增病例。
The first deaths in Florida and Georgia were announced on Tuesday and Wednesday. Currently 38 states have recorded cases of the illness, with lives lost in eight states.	弗罗里达州和乔治亚州在周二和周三分别宣布了首例死亡病例。目前，有38州有记录在案的病例，有8州出现病人死亡。
While most patients have reported a history of using products containing THC, the psychoactive compound in cannabis, the patient who died in Georgia on Wednesday reported only "heavy nicotine vaping."	虽然大多数患者都报告说曾使用含THC（一种作用于神经的大麻复合物）的产品，但周三死于乔治亚州的患者却报告说只有“重度吸食尼古丁电子烟”。
The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has more than 100 officials investigating the cause of the mystery illness, and has warned citizens against smoking e-cigarette products until more is known, particularly if modified or bought "off the street."	美国疾病控制与预防中心(CDC)有100多名官员正在调查这种神秘疾病的原因，并警告市民，在情况更加明了之前，不要吸食电子烟产品，尤其是经过改装或者在“街头”买来的电子烟。
The First Minister has confirmed the Scottish Government was monitorigin developments in the US and elsewhere "closely," following the loss of life that has been attributed to vaping.	首席大臣证实，在发生电子烟导致的死亡后，苏格兰政府正在“密切”关注美国和其他地区的事态发展。
She pointed out that to date they have not seen any cases of deaths attributed to vaping being reported in Europe.	她指出，到目前为止，欧洲还没有报告任何与电子烟有关的死亡病例。
"Our approach has been a precautionary one, which is why in Scotland we have already taken the strictest regulatory approach in Europe to vapour products," she said.	她说，“我们的做法是防患于未然，这就是为什么在苏格兰，我们对电子烟产品采取了欧洲最严格的监管方式。”
"The European tobacco products directive restricts the advertising of e-cigarettes and ensures that e-liquids cannot contain ingredients that are known to be harmful.	“欧洲烟草产品规定限制了电子烟的广告宣传，并确保电子烟烟油不能包含已知的有害成分。
"The directive also limits the concentration of nicotine in e-liquids.	“该规定还限制了烟油中的尼古丁含量。
"In Scotland, we have also introduced a retail register and a mandatory age verification scheme and we have funded trading standards departments in all council areas to ensure that retailers comply with the regulations.	“在苏格兰，我们还推出了零售商注册和强制年龄验证方案，并且资助了所有议会地区的贸易标准部门，确保零售商遵守这些规定。
"In the coming months, we will consult on introducing a complete ban on the advertising and promotion of vapour products."	“在接下来的几个月里，我们将就全面禁止电子烟产品的宣传和推广进行协商。”
She added: "It is important to stress, and for all of us to remember, that those devices are relatively new and, therefore, their impact continues to be studied. We do not yet fully understand what that impact is, which is why the approach that we have taken has been very cautious.	她补充说：“我们必须强调，并且都应该记住的一点是，这些设备相对较新，因此，其影响还在研究中。我们还不完全了解这种影响是什么，所以我们采取的方法一直非常谨慎。
"That is perhaps a reason why e-cigarette use remains relatively low in Scotland.	“这也可能是为什么电子烟在苏格兰的使用量一直相对较低的原因之一。
"We remain committed to following the best evidence to take any steps necessary to ensure that people are protected from potential harm.	“我们一直致力于遵循最佳的证据，采取一切必须的措施，以确保人们免受可能的伤害。”
"While we already have among the strictest regimes on those products, if the evidence shows that further action is needed... we will not hesitate to take it."	“尽管我们已经是对此类产品最为严格的国家之一，如果证据显示需要进一步的行动……我们会毫不犹豫地这么做。”
Cambodian court charges exiled politicians with rebellion	柬埔寨法庭指控流亡政客叛乱
A Cambodian court has charged seven top opposition politicians with plotting armed rebellion for planning to return from self-imposed exile to seek a change in government through mass peaceful protests.	柬埔寨一家法庭对七名反对派首要政客提出诉讼，指控他们密谋武装判乱，计划在流亡后回国，通过大规模和平抗议来改换政府。
The Phnom Penh Municipal Court also warned that anyone who supported the plans of the Cambodia National Rescue Party to oust the government would also be risking a long prison term.	金边市法院还发出警告，任何支持柬埔寨救国党计划，企图取代政府的人，都将面临长期监禁的风险。
The returning party chiefs could be sent to prison for 15 to 30 years if found guilty, and their supporters could be sentenced to five to 10 years. Even attending a rally or expressing support online could be considered plotting to topple the government, Justice Ministry spokesman Chin Malin was quoted as saying.	归国政党首领若判有罪，则入狱15到30年。他们的支持者可能判5-10年。据称，司法部发言人秦马林表示，即便只是参加集会或在网上表示支持也可视为企图推翻政府。
The court's charges on Thursday are the latest salvo in a political battle that has heated up since opposition leader Sam Rainsy announced plans to return from more than three years of exile on Nov. 9 to seek a "restoration of democracy."	反对党领袖桑良西宣布他在三年多流亡生活之后，将于11月9日返国，以“恢复民主”。政治战争自此愈演愈烈，此次法庭在周四提出的指控是最新发起的一次攻击。
Nov. 9 is Cambodia's independence day, celebrating when it obtained its freedom from France in 1953.	11月9日是柬埔寨独立日，庆祝1953年摆脱法国统治。
"My calls to the people and the armed forces of #Cambodia to rise up against the regime will continue until the regime has restored to the opposition its right to participate in the country's political life including genuine elections," Sam Rainsy said on Twitter earlier this week.	几天前，桑良西在推特上表示：“我将继续呼吁人民和#柬埔寨武装力量崛起反抗当今政权，直至该政权恢复反对党参与国家政治，包括真实选举的权力。”
His opposition party was dissolved by the courts ahead of last year's general election, ensuring that an increasingly authoritarian Prime Minister Hun Sen continued his four decades in power.	他带领的反对派在去年大选之前被法庭解散，以确保权力日盛的首相洪森能继续其四十年执政生涯。
The party had been expected to mount a strong challenge in the July 2018 election, and its dissolution was widely seen as being politically motivated, with Hun Sen's ruling Cambodian People's Party fearful that it could lose power in the polls.	救国党本应在2018年7月选举中成为强劲对手，其解散被普遍认为是出于政治动机，因为洪森带领的人民党害怕在投票中失去政权。
Hun Sen's government seems unnerved by the planned return of opposition politicians, though the effort appears to be a quixotic one, with Sam Rainsy calling on Cambodian workers in Thailand to accompany him home in massive numbers.	胡森政府似乎因反对派的归国计划感到慌张，而桑良西呼吁泰国的大批柬埔寨工人陪同他归国，使其努力显得不切实际。
Officials have vowed to arrest Sam Rainsy on his arrival, but there is speculation that Cambodia may simply bar him from entry, which could even keep him from boarding a plane to the country if airlines are officially informed of such a ban. Neighboring countries are also unlikely to allow him to enter from their territory.	政府官员已经起誓，桑良西一旦归国，便立即逮捕。不过，柬埔寨也有可能直接禁止他入境。如果对航空公司正式下达禁令，则桑良西根本无法登机。邻国也不太可能允许他入境。
However, the government has stepped up arrests of his supporters and there are reports of recent physical attacks on opposition organizers.	然而，政府已经加大力度，逮捕桑良西的支持者，并有报道称最近有反对派组织者遭到人身攻击。
Sam Rainsy went into exile in late 2015 to avoid a two-year prison sentence on charges of criminal defamation. Other legal cases have since been lodged against him by the government.	桑兰西2015年末开始流亡生涯，以避免因诽谤罪入狱两年。此后政府也对他提出其他法律诉讼。
Other top party members fled into exile during a late 2017 crackdown on all opposition to Hun Sen, which included the arrest of the party's co-founder, Kem Sokha. He was charged with treason, based on his links to a U.S. pro-democracy organization, and is under strict house arrest.	2017年末，有一场针对一切反对洪森人士的镇压行动，致使其他一些反对派首要领导人开始流亡。期间，建党人之一根索卡被捕。他因与美国亲民主组织的关联，被控叛国并软禁。
This year's Turner Prize-shortlisted pieces will be on display in Margate from tomorrow, with Brexit on the agenda.	今年的特纳奖入围作品明日起在马盖特展出，脱欧提上日程
Colombian artist Oscar Murillo's work "surge (social cataracts) " depicts people staring out to the North Sea, but with their view of the water and the European continent on the other side of it obscured by a dark canvas, with only a sliver of what lies beyond revealed through a slash in the canvas.	哥伦比亚艺术家奥斯卡·马里洛的作品“浪涌（社会白内障）”描绘了人们凝视北海的画面，但视线里的海水和另一面的欧洲大陆被黑色的画布遮住了，只通过画布上的缝隙将远处的景象露出来。
The work is one of four shortlisted entries to the prestigious and often contentious annual art prize, founded in 1984 and given to an artist residing in Britain or British-born but living elsewhere.	该奖项设立于1984年，是四个常常具有争议性的著名年度艺术奖之一，为居住在英国或者在英国出生、却在其他地方生活的艺术家而设立。
Curator Fiona Parry explains that Murillo's work focuses on the current political and socio-economic situation in the UK. The group of papier-mâché figures represent a globalised workforce, while the black cloth represents the "darkness of the contemporary moment in the UK and globally."	策划人菲欧娜·帕里解释说，马里洛的作品关注的是英国当前的政治和社会经济形势。这组纸雕人物代表着全球化的劳动力，而黑布则代表着“当代英国和全球的黑暗时刻”。
She added: "I think it's a broader idea of blocking the view, the outward-looking view, to anywhere really. And that gesture of blocking the light. But I guess there is still this sort of glimmer of hope, there is a slash in the canvas, and you can just see the sea on the horizon."	她补充说：“我觉得，这是表现格挡视线的一种更广阔的想法，看向任何地方的、向外看的视线。以及格挡光线的态势。但我猜想还有一线希望，画布上有一道缝隙，你可以看到地平线上的大海。”
Helen Cammock's video piece A Long Note, meanwhile, examines the overlooked role of women in the civil rights movement in Derry/Londonderry, Northern Ireland that began in 1968. The work also connects to broader global class, race and gender struggles during the late 1960s.	与此同时，海伦·凯默克的视频作品“漫长笔记”则探讨了女性在开始于1968年北爱尔兰德里/伦敦德里的人权运动中被忽视的作用。该作品还将20世纪60年代后期更广泛的全球阶级、种族和性别斗争联系在了一起。
All works will be exhibited at Margate's Turner Contemporary gallery, from 28 September to 12 January 2020, and the winner of the Turner Prize 2019 will be announced at a ceremony on 3 December.	所有作品将于9月28日至2020年1月12日在马盖特的特纳当代画廊展出，2019年的特纳奖得主将于12月3日在颁奖典礼上公布。
Named after 19th-century landscape painter JMW Turner, the award made stars of Grayson Perry, Damien Hirst and 12 Years a Slave director Steve McQueen.	该奖项以19世纪的风景画家JMW特纳的名字而命名，格雷森·佩里、达米恩·赫斯特和“为奴十二载”的导演史蒂夫·麦奎恩便因该奖项出名。
Man pleads guilty in kidnap, torture plot of plastic surgeon	男子承认绑架和折磨整形医生
A Florida man has pleaded guilty to kidnapping a plastic surgeon who was tortured with a blowtorch in an extortion attempt.	佛罗里达州的一名男子对其绑架了一位整形医生表示认罪。他用喷火灯折磨医生，意图敲诈勒索。
The Sun Sentinel reports 34-year-old Justin Boccio pleaded guilty Thursday to kidnapping and conspiracy to commit kidnapping in the January attack on the surgeon, who hasn't been publicly identified.	据《太阳哨兵报》报道，现年34岁的贾斯汀·波齐奥于周四承认在一月份袭击医生时实施绑架以及共谋绑架。医生的身份尚未公开。
Boccio's attorney, Kenneth Lange, said his client was convinced to take part in the scheme by co-defendant, Serge Nkorina, who's being extradited from Tenerife, Spain.	波齐奥的律师肯内斯·兰格称，是共同被告塞吉·科里纳说服他的当事人参与作案。此人正从西班牙特内里费岛被引渡。
Court documents say the surgeon was leaving a Walmart store when he was confronted by an armed man and shoved into a van. They say he was tortured for hours before being returned to his car while unconscious. Surveillance video supports the chain of events. Investigators say Nkorina's wife was a client of the surgeon.	法庭文件显示，这位医生在离开沃尔玛超市时，遭遇了一名携带武器的男子，随后被推进一辆面包车。据称他遭到了数小时的折磨，然后在昏迷状态下被放回车里。监控录像支持这一系列事件。调查人员表示，科里纳的妻子是该医生的一位客户。
UK parliament rejects second bid for early election	英国议会拒绝第二次提前选举的申请
Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been dealt another blow in his push for an early election in the United Kingdom.	英国首相鲍里斯·约翰逊在推动英国提前选举时再次受到打击。
The House of Commons speaker says under current rules it will not be possible to go to the polls before October 31 - the day Britain is scheduled to leave the European Union.	下议院议长表示，根据当前规则，在10月31日——即英国计划离开欧盟的日期前，绝不可能进行投票。
Parliament has met for the second day since the Supreme Court ruled its suspension as unlawful.	最高法院裁定其停摆为非法后，议会便在第二天举行了会议。
Meanwhile, the EU's lead negotiator, Michael Barnier, says the bloc is still waiting for new plans from the UK.	与此同时，欧盟的首席谈判代表迈克·巴尼耶表示，欧盟依然在等待英国提出新方案。
US sends troops, air defense systems to Saudi Arabia to deter Iran attacks	美国派遣部队和防空系统前往沙特阿拉伯以威慑伊朗进攻
The U.S. is sending a Patriot missile battery, four ground-based radar systems, and 200 support troops to Saudi Arabia to deter Iran's increasingly aggressive behavior, officials announced Thursday.	周四，美国官员宣布，美国正在向沙特阿拉伯发送一组爱国者导弹、四个地基雷达系统和200人的支援部队，以震慑伊朗越来越咄咄逼人的行为。
A THAAD missile defense system and two additional Patriot missile batteries are prepared to go if needed, the Pentagon said.	五角大楼表示，如有必要，THAAD导弹防御系统和额外的两组爱国者导弹也已准备就绪。
"Other countries have called out Iranian misadventures in the region, and we look for them to contribute assets in an international effort to reinforce Saudi Arabia's defense," Pentagon spokesman Jonathan Hoffman said.	五角大楼发言人乔纳森·霍夫曼说：“其他国家已经指出伊朗在该地区的不当行为，我们希望他们作出国际努力，贡献资产以加强沙特阿拉伯的防务。”
Last week, Defense Secretary Mark Esper said more troops would deploy to the Middle East as a "defensive" measure to help protect against attacks from Iran.	上周，美国国防部秘书长马克·艾斯波表示，将在中东地区部署更多部队，作为“防御性”措施，帮助抵御来自伊朗的攻击。
Esper said the deployment was a first step toward addressing Iran's increasingly violent acts in the region -- including this month's drone attack on Saudi Arabian oil facilities -- and he called on other nations to step up and condemn the attacks.	艾斯波说，部署行动是解决伊朗在该地区日益严重的暴力行为的第一步，包括本月发生的无人机袭击沙特阿拉伯石油设施的事件。他呼吁其他国家站出来，谴责这些袭击事件。
Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen claimed responsibility for the Sept. 14 attack on the world's largest oil processing plant and a major oil field, but the U.S. and Saudi Arabia blamed Iran directly. Iran has denied involvement in the attack.	伊朗支持的也门胡塞叛军声称对9月14日世界最大的原油处理厂和一片大型油田遭受的袭击表示负责，但美国和沙特阿拉伯直接谴责伊朗。伊朗否认参与这次袭击。
"It is clear [...] that the weapons used were Iranian-produced and were not launched from Yemen," Esper said Friday, noting that all signs indicate "Iran was responsible for the attack."	艾斯波周五说，“很明显（……）使用的武器产自伊朗，并且不是从也门发射的。”他还指出，所有的迹象都表明“伊朗才应为这次袭击负责”。
The purpose of deploying troops and resources is to "send a clear message that the United States supports our partners" and provide a "free flow of resources," Esper said.	艾斯波说，部署部队和资源的目的是，“传递一个明确的信息，即美国支持我们的合作伙伴”，还会提供“免费的资源流”。
The U.S. calls on other countries to also "stand up and condemn the attacks," as well as contribute capabilities, the secretary said.	秘书长说，美国号召其他国家共同“站出来谴责袭击事件”，并且贡献军事资源。
Meghan Markle was 'never asked' about Suits cameo	梅根·马克尔“从未被询问”是否客串《金装律师》
The creator of Suits, Aaron Korsh, has said he "never asked" Britain's Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, to reprise her role as Rachel Zane for a cameo in the show's last-ever episode.	《金装律师》主创Aaron Korsh说，他“从未询问”英国苏塞克斯公爵夫人梅根·马克尔是否在电视剧最后一集，以她的角色Rachel Zane进行客串。
In an interview with Deadline.com following the airing of Suits' finale in the US, Korsh was asked if there was "any possibility" of the former actress being asked "to do even a small cameo."	《金装律师》最终集在美国播出后，Korsh在Deadline.com的采访中被问及是否“有任何可能”邀请这位前女演员“做一次小客串“。
"Now that we already did it, I will tell you," Korsh replied.	Korsh回答道：“这事已经过去了，所以我告诉你。“
"I thought about asking, and I thought about even using audio footage - that we have to come up with something - and in the end I didn't ask, and I just thought, 'I'm going to respect her new life and not put her in the position of having to ask'.	“我想过问她，我甚至想过用录音片段，总之我们必须想个办法。但最终我还是没问。我只是觉得，我要尊重她的新生活，不要让她处于一个必须征求同意的立场。”
"We decided not to put her in that position so I never asked."	“我们决定不要将她置于那样的处境，所以我问都没问。”
The Duchess of Sussex appeared in archive Suits footage during the finale's montage.	苏塞克斯公爵夫人出现在《金装律师》结局的蒙太奇剪辑中。
She starred as Rachel Zane in the New York-set legal drama from 2011 until her final episode aired last year.	自2011年起，她在这部剧情设置在纽约的律政剧中出演Rachel Zane，直到去年播出她出演的最后一集。
In the final series, Rachel's onscreen husband Mike Ross, played by Patrick J Adams, paid a visit from Seattle and was asked how Rachel was getting on.	在最终季，由Patrick J Adams饰演的Rachel剧中的丈夫Mike Ross从西雅图过来，被问及Rachel近况。
"If I told you how good, you probably wouldn't believe me," he replied.	他回答说：“她过得有多好，我说了你可能都不相信。”
Pit bull dies of snake bites while protecting Florida boys	比特犬保护佛罗里达州男孩时被蛇咬死
A man in Florida says his family's 8-month-old pit bull Zeus died of snake bites as it was trying to protect his sons.	佛罗里达州一名男子说，家里一只8个月大的比特犬“宙斯”在试图保护他的儿子们时，被蛇咬伤而死。
Gary Richardson told WOFL-TV the boys were outside the family's home in Sumter County, Florida, on Monday, cleaning Zeus' water dish when the venomous coral snake slithered toward them. Richardson says the children didn't see the snake but the dog did and attacked it.	加里·理查德森告诉WOFL-TV，周一，在这家人位于佛罗里达州萨姆特郡的房子外，男孩们正在清理“宙斯”的水盆，此时一条珊瑚色的毒蛇向他们爬过来。理查德森说，孩子们并没有看到蛇，但狗看到并攻击了它。
Richardson says the snake bit Zeus four times. The dog was rushed to a veterinarian but he died a day after the attack.	理查德森说那条蛇咬了“宙斯”四次。他们立刻将狗送到兽医处，但它在遭到攻击一天后就去世了。
Germany reports landmark case of West Nile virus	德国报告西尼罗病毒标志性病例
Authorities are reporting the first known human case of West Nile virus transmitted by mosquitoes in Germany, a development apparently hastened by climate change.	当局报道，由蚊虫传播的西尼罗病毒在德国出现首例已知人类病例，气候变化显然加速了这一发展。
The national disease control and tropical medicine centers said Friday the person developed encephalitis but recovered after hospital treatment.	国家疾病控制和热带医学中心在周五表示，此人患上了脑炎，但在医院经治疗后痊愈。
The virus originated in Africa but has been spread northward by migratory birds and mosquitoes. There have been several outbreaks in southern and central Europe in recent years. It is found in much of the U.S.	这种病毒起源于非洲，但通过候鸟和蚊子向北传播，近几年已在欧洲南部和中部数次爆发。美国大部分地区也有发现。
Jonas Schmidt-Chanasit of Germany's Bernhard Nocht Institute tropical medicine center said that "the unusually warm summers of the last two years, triggered by climate change, apparently have contributed to WNV establishing itself north of the Alps."	德国伯纳德·诺赫研究所热带医学中心的乔纳斯·施密特-夏纳斯特表示，“气候变化引起了过去两年异常温暖的夏天，这显然导致了西尼罗病毒在阿尔卑斯以北地区的传播。”
The virus causes dangerous meningitis or encephalitis in less than 1% of those infected.	在少于1%的感染者中，这种病毒会引起危险的脑膜炎或者脑炎。
Men undergoing surgery for prostate cancer fare as well without radiotherapy	男性前列腺癌手术无放射治疗效果良好
Men undergoing surgery for prostate cancer fare just as well without radiotherapy, a major study has found.	一项重大研究发现，接受前列腺癌手术的男性即使不进行放射治疗，效果同样良好。
The findings, from the the largest ever trial examining those having surgery for the disease, could spare thousands from gruelling treatment which can have distressing side-effects.	研究结论来自至今为止针对接受手术患者进行的规模最大的一次试验，可使数千人免受痛苦的治疗及其副作用之苦。
The Royal Marsden study involved 1,400 men being treated for prostate cancer.	皇家马斯登癌症中心这项研究有1400名正在接受前列腺癌治疗的男性患者参与。
Half were given immediate radiotherapy, which until now has been standard treatment to prevent the return of disease. The rest were monitored and only given radiotherapy if there were signs that disease had returned.	一半患者根据现在预防疾病复发的标准治疗方案，立即给予放射治疗；另一半患者仅予以监测，仅在有迹象表明疾病复发时才予以放射治疗。
Scientists found that five years later, there was almost no difference in disease recurrence between the two groups, with those who did not have treatment faring slightly better.	科学家发现，五年后两组患者的疾病复发率几乎没有差异，未接受放射治疗组情况稍好。
Progression free survival was 85 per cent in the radiotherapy group and 88 per cent in the standard care group.	放疗组的疾病无恶化存活期为85%，标准治疗组为88%。
There was a difference of around 1 per cent between the groups, after data was adjusted to take account of other factors.	考虑其他因素对数据进行调整之后，组间差异约为1%。
The study, funded by Cancer Research UK, found those who had radiotherapy were twice as likely to suffer a worsening of urinary incontinence, one of the main side effects of prostate cancer treatment.	这项由英国癌症研究基金会资助的研究发现，接受放疗的患者尿失禁情况恶化的可能性是不接受放疗患者的2倍，而尿失禁是前列腺癌治疗的主要副作用之一。
One year after surgery 5.3 per cent of patients receiving radiotherapy suffered a deterioration, compared to 2.7 per cent who had standard care.	术后一年，接受放疗的患者中有5.3%情况恶化，而接受常规护理的患者中仅有2.7%情况恶化。
Seth Dunlap Louisiana: WWL Radio host threatening to sue over anti-gay tweet sent the tweet himself, station claims, similar to Jussie Smollett case	赛斯·邓拉普，路易斯安那州：WWL电台主持人因一条反同性恋推特而威胁要起诉，电台称，而这条推特是他自己发送的，与朱西·斯莫利特案件类似
A radio host in New Orleans said he received an anti-gay slur, sent to him from the radio station's Twitter account. On Wednesday, WWL host Seth Dunlap, who is openly gay, said he planned to sue the station's parent company after working for years in a homophobic and hostile workplace. In a strange turn of events Thursday, the New Orleans Police Department said the homophobic tweet sent to Dunlap came from none other than Dunlap's phone.	新奥尔良的一位电台主持人说，他受到了反同侮辱，而发送者是电台的推特帐号。周三，WWL主持人赛斯·邓拉普，一位公开出柜的同性恋说，他在一个恐同和敌对的环境中工作了多年，计划起诉电台的母公司。周四时事件却发生了奇怪的转折，新奥尔良警察局表示，发给邓拉普的恐同推特，只可能来自邓拉普自己的手机。
The tweet in question was sent earlier this month and the day it was sent, Dunlap hosted his show as usual. But the next day, he announced a leave of absence, CBS affiliate WWL-TV reports.	这条可疑的推特发送自本月早些时候，发送当天邓拉普和往常一样主持了节目。然而第二天，他宣布了请假，CBS旗下WWL-TV报道称。
In a statement, Dunlap said 14 people had access WWL's Twitter account. He claimed he was not one of the people with access to the account.	邓拉普在一次声明中说，有14个人拥有WWL推特帐号的访问权限。他声称自己并没有该帐号的访问权限。
However, he decided to take a polygraph test to dispel any speculation that he was the one who sent the tweet to himself, his lawyer Megan Kiefer, said. A lawsuit has not yet been filed on Dunlap's behalf, but he said in his statement that one would be coming, according to WWL-TV.	而他决定接受测谎仪测试，以消除对任何说他是自己给自己发推特的猜测，他的律师梅根·基弗说道。邓拉普方面尚未提交诉讼，但他在声明说即将提起诉讼，据WWL-TV报道。
WWL Radio, which is a CBS News Radio affiliate but is owned by Entercom, said in a statement it had investigated the tweet and decided to refer the matter to law enforcement officials. "WWL has completed its investigation into the highly offensive, unauthorized tweet sent from WWL's Twitter account on September 10, which directed a homophobic slur at Seth Dunlap," said WWL Radio in a statement.	WWL电台是CBS新闻广播电台旗下的机构，但所有者为Entercom，电台在声明中称，他们已经调查了这条推特，并决定将此事提交给执法部门的官员。“WWL已完成了对这条推文的调查，这条极具攻击性而未经授权的推文在9月10日发送自WWL的推特帐号，对赛斯·邓拉普直接进行恐同侮辱，”WWL电台在声明中称。
"We determined that the most appropriate next step is to involve law enforcement. At this point, the investigation is in the hands of law enforcement and it is not appropriate for us to comment any further on the substance of our findings," the statement continue.	“我们决定，接下来最合适的做法是让执法部门介入。现在，调查工作正由执法部门进行，我们不宜再对调查结果的内容作出进一步的评论。”声明继续道。
The New Orleans Police Department opened their investigation into the tweet and in a police report Thursday revealed a twist in the story: The homophobic slur was allegedly sent from Dunlap's personal cellphone.	新奥尔良警察局开始调查这条推文，并在周四的警方报告中揭示了故事的转折：恐同侮辱言论疑为发送自邓拉普的个人手机。
Radio host Seth Dunlap claimed he worked in a homophobic and hostile workplace for years. After allegedly receiving a tweet with an anti-gay slur from the radio station's Twitter, he threatened to sue.	电台主持人赛斯·邓拉普声称，自己在恐同和敌对的环境中工作了多年。他据称收到了一条电台推特发送的反同的侮辱推文，扬言要起诉。
WWL accused Dunlap of threatening the station for money, NOLA.com reports. WWL alleged the 35-year-old radio host said he would "scorch the earth" over the tweet and then demanded over $1.8 million in compensation. According to a police report obtained by NOLA.com, WWL said Dunlap made this threat when he was facing personal financial issues.	WWL指控邓拉普是在敲诈电台，NOLA网报道称。WWL指控说，这位35岁的电台主持人自称将为这条推特“不顾一切”，然后要求超过180万美元的赔偿。根据NOLA网获得的一份警方报告，WWL说邓拉普发出这种威胁，是因为自己正面临个人财务问题。
The allegations were made by WWL's senior vice president Kevin Cassidy and attorneys for the parent company, Entercom. The police department is still working to corroborate the allegations, but have classified the case as possible extortion. In the state of Louisiana, extortion is defined as "the communication of threats to another with the intention (to) obtain anything of value."	这份指控是由WWL高级副总裁凯文·卡西迪及其母公司Entercom的辩护律师作出的。警方仍在查证这些指控，但已将此次案件归类为可能的敲诈勒索。在路易斯安那州，敲诈勒索的定义是“以获取任何有价值的东西为目的而威胁他人。”
Viola Davis discusses playing Michelle Obama in 'First Ladies'	维奥拉·戴维斯谈及在《第一夫人》中饰演米歇尔·奥巴马
Viola Davis says she's "terrified" to portray Michelle Obama in a new TV series.	维奥拉·戴维斯说她很“害怕”在这个新的电视连续剧中扮演米歇尔·奥巴马。
The 54-year-old actress discussed playing Obama in the Showtime series First Ladies during Thursday's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live!	这位54岁的女演员在周四的吉米·坎摩尔直播秀中分享了她在Showtime连续剧《第一夫人》中扮演奥巴马夫人的感想。
Davis said she's met Obama but has no idea if the former first lady knows about her taking on the role.	戴维斯说她已经见过奥巴马，但不知道这位前第一夫人是否知道她即将出演这个角色。
"I'm terrified. I'm absolutely terrified," Davis said. "I don't care what else I've done in my life -- I've won an Emmy, I've won an Oscar, two Tonys -- but if I mess this up, this is going to be a defining moment in my life."	戴维斯说：“我很害怕。我非常害怕。我不在乎我这辈子做过什么别的事情。我得过一次艾美奖，我得过一次奥斯卡，我还得过两个托尼奖，但如果我把这个角色搞砸了，这将会决定我后面的人生。”
"It's like, 'You raised a great kid, but you messed up Michelle Obama,'" she jokingly added.	她又开玩笑说道：“这就像是‘你养了个好孩子，但你却把米歇尔·奥巴马演砸了’。”
Davis said, however, that she's confident about the script, written by author Aaron Cooley. Davis and Cooley will also executive produce the show.	但戴维斯说她对作者亚伦·库里写的剧本很有信心。戴维斯和库里也将共同监制这次的电视剧。
"It's going to be a great script, I promise," Davis said. "Listen, I don't want to make my people mad."	戴维斯说：“我保证，这会是个很棒的剧本。我不想让我的观众失望。”
First Ladies will explore the political and personal lives of first ladies throughout U.S. history. The first season will focus on Obama, Eleanor Roosevelt and Betty Ford.	《第一夫人》将探索美国史上第一夫人的政治和个人生活。第一季将聚焦于奥巴马、埃莉诺·罗斯福和贝蒂·福特。
In addition to First Ladies, Davis will reunite with Denzel Washington, her Antwone Fisher and Fences co-star, in a Netflix adaptation of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom.	除了出演《第一夫人》之外，戴维斯还会在网飞改编的《玛雷尼的扭摆舞》中与丹译尔·华盛顿再度联手。两人之前曾在电影《冲出逆境》和《藩篱》中合作。
"I had to wear a fat suit," Davis told host Jimmy Kimmel. "I loved it. I told them that I wanted really, really big [expletive]. I wanted to look like the women I grew up with."	戴维斯告诉主持人吉米·坎摩尔：“我必须穿一套肥胖装。我非常喜欢。我告诉他们我想要非常非常胖[粗口]。我想看起来和陪伴我成长的那些女人一样。”
Davis plays Annalise Keating on the ABC series How to Get Away with Murder, which premiered its sixth and final season Thursday.	戴维斯在ABC电视剧《逍遥法外》中扮演安娜丽丝·基廷，该剧周四首播最终季第六季。
Mac Miller death: Third man charged with drug offences	Mac Miller死亡：第三人被控毒品罪
A third man has been arrested and charged with drug offences in connection with the overdose death of rapper Mac Miller.	第三人因毒品犯罪被捕，事涉说唱歌手Mac Miller因药物过量致死。
Steven Walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that Miller possessed before he died of an accidental overdose last year of cocaine, alcohol and the powerful opioid.	Steven Walter涉嫌在Miller去年因过量摄取可卡因、酒精及强效鸦片类药物死亡前向其出售掺有芬太尼的假冒羟考酮药丸。
Walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, Cameron Pettit, sold to Miller.	Walter被指控为另一个向Miller贩卖毒品的人Cameron Pettit的上家。
Ryan Reavis, 36, who was arrested in Lake Havasu City, Arizona, this week is accused of serving as Walter's "runner," who delivered the pills to Pettit.	36岁的Ryan Reavis本周在亚利桑那州哈瓦苏湖城被捕，他被控为Walter“跑腿”，将毒品交给Pettit。
Walter, who is on supervised release over a 2005 drug case, remains in custody.	Walter因2005年一起毒品案受监督释放，目前仍被拘留。
A Pittsburgh native whose real name was Malcolm James Myers McCormick, Miller's lyrics included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hip-hop.	Miller是匹兹堡人，本名Malcolm James McCormick，他在歌词中坦率讨论他的抑郁症和毒品使用情况，使他获得了嘻哈界一些知名人士的喜爱。
He was also in a two-year relationship with Ariana Grande that ended earlier in 2018. After his death she posted an affectionate video of him on her Instagram page and released a song, Thank U Next, that lovingly mentioned him.	他还与Ariana Grande交往了两年，于2018年初分手。Miller去世后，Grande在自己的Instagram上发布了一段关于Miller的深情视频，并发表了一首歌《Thank U Next》，再次满怀爱意地提及Miller。
Miller was one of several musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to a national wave of opioid abuse and overdoses.	Miller是近几年死因牵涉全国鸦片类药物泛滥和使用过量的音乐人之一。
Prince died in 2016 when he took counterfeit pills laced with fentanyl that looked like a generic version of the painkiller Vicodin.	Prince在2016年服用看似普通止痛药维柯丁的掺有芬太尼的假药而去世。
Matthew Roberts, guitarist for the band 3 Doors Down, also died of an overdose in 2016, and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system.	乐队3 Doors Down的吉他手Matthew Roberts在2016年因吸毒过量死亡，体内发现芬太尼和氢可酮。
Woman STRIPS TO NOTHING in Walmart to prove she didn't steal	女子在沃尔玛全部脱光以证明自己没有偷窃
A woman accused of shoplifting at a Walmart in Mexico City took drastic measures to prove her innocence, stripping stark naked in the middle of the supermarket as a stunned security guard looked on.	一名女子在墨西哥城的一家沃尔玛被指控行窃，该女子随即以极端行为证明自己的无辜。在超市保安震惊的目光中，她在超市中央脱掉所有衣服。
In a video of the incident, filmed at the Tepeyac Walmart branch in Mexico City earlier this week, a security guard can be seen approaching a woman apparently suspected of theft as she neared the store's exit. Her reaction once she was stopped, however, left the watchman speechless.	本周早些时候，墨西哥城沃尔玛Tepeyac分店拍下这一事件的视频。视频中这名女子走向超市出口的时候，超市保安显然怀疑她是小偷，向她走近。但这名女子被拦下后的举动让这名保安无言以对。
The woman first peels off her skirt and begins to proceed toward the exit, but, perhaps unsatisfied her guilt was yet assuaged, soon turned around to remove her shirt as well. Now fully nude, she stormed off, clothes in hand.	这名女子先脱下裙子，开始继续走向出口，但她可能觉得仍未完全证明自己的清白，很快又脱下上衣。全裸后，她拿着衣物怒气冲冲地离开了超市。
The birthday-suited shopper's identity remains unknown, though she appears to have been allowed to leave the premises after the impromptu peep show.	这位顾客作生日打扮，身份尚未确定。不过，在即兴脱衣秀后，她得以离开超市。
Similar bizarre sights are nothing new for Walmart. In July, security cameras caught a Pennsylvania woman relieving herself into a bin of potatoes at a Walmart in the town of West Mifflin. The woman, who is visibly intoxicated in the footage, was charged with open lewdness, public drunkenness, criminal mischief and disorderly conduct for the deed, and became a viral sensation to boot.	类似的奇闻逸事不是第一次发生在沃尔玛。7月的时候，监控录像拍到一宾夕法尼亚州女性在West Mifflin镇沃尔玛的一筐土豆内排泄。监控中的这名女子明显醉酒，后被控公开猥亵罪、公共场合醉酒、刑事恶作剧、行为不检，并成为热点话题。
In another case of compelled supermarket nudity this week, a British man, Steve Whitehurst, was forced to expose himself to security guards after they spotted a mysterious "bulge" in his pants. He hadn't stolen anything.	在本周另外一起超市被迫裸体事件中，英国一名男性Steve Whitehurst在保安发现他裤子内的神秘“隆起”后，被迫在保安面前脱衣。他什么东西也没偷。
"I can't help the way I'm made," Whitehurst told the Sun.	Whitehurst告诉《太阳报》：“我天生就这样，没法控制。”
West Bengal Government Plans To Set Up Museum At Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar's House	西孟加拉邦政府计划于伊斯瓦·昌德拉·维迪亚萨加故居设立博物馆
Kolkata:	加尔各答：
West Bengal government has plans to set up a museum at the north Kolkata house of 19th century social reformer Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar where he had spent the last few years of his life, state minister Partha Chatterjee said.	西孟加拉邦政府已计划于19世纪社会改革家伊斯瓦·昌德拉·维迪亚萨加（Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar）位于北加尔各答的故居设立博物馆，其于此地度过了生命的最后几年，教育部长帕特·查特吉（Partha Chatterjee）表示。
The museum will come up at Vidyasagar's residence at Badur Bagan area where pictures and models, chronicling his life from his birth place at Birsinghapur village in Paschim Medinipur district to the house in north Kolkata, will be put on display, he said on Thursday.	博物馆将设于巴杜尔巴甘地区的维迪亚萨加故居内，馆内将展示各类图片和模型，讲述其从出生地西梅迪尼浦尔的比兴哈普尔（Birsinghapur）村庄到定居北加尔各答的一生，部长于星期四表示。
Mr Chatterjee, who is the education minister, said this at a function after inaugurating "Vidyasagar Academy" at the Badur Bagan residence on the 200th birth anniversary celebrations of the educational and social reformer.	教育部长查特吉表示，本馆将于“维迪亚萨加学院”正式成立后，在纪念这位社会和教育改革家200年诞辰之际，于巴杜尔巴甘故居向公众开放。
The minister also released two books, "Amader Vidyasagar" and "Chotoder Vidyasagar" at the programme.	教育部也为该项目出版了两部书籍——《Amader Vidyasagar》和《Chotoder Vidyasagar》。
Some items used by Vidyasagar, gathering dust in the storeroom of the house, will be brought out for public viewing at the museum.	某些尘封已久的维迪亚萨加使用过的物品，将从其故居储藏室移至馆内供公众参观。
This will help the present generation to know about the man, who had waged a war against women oppression and propagated widow remarriage, he said.	这将有助于当代人了解这位曾经为女性受压迫而奋起反抗并宣传支持丧偶女性再婚的伟人，部长表示。
The School Education and Higher Education department will organise seminars highlighting Vidaysagar's life and work in schools and colleges during a year-long programme, Mr Chatterjee said.	学校教育与高等教育部（The School Education and Higher Education）将于一年的项目期内举办多个研讨会，突出维迪亚萨加在学校和大学的生活工作经历，查特吉表示。
Listing other activities to be taken up by the academy, Mr Chatterjee said that a collection of hitherto unknown writings by Vidyasagar will be published.	学院也将组织其他活动，查特吉表示，还将出版维迪亚萨加迄今为止不为世人所知的文学作品集。
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had recently announced that Vidyasagar's birthplace at Birsinghapur village will be developed as an educational tourist hub.	首席部长玛玛塔·班纳吉（Mamata Banerjee）最近宣布，维迪亚萨加出生地比兴哈普尔村庄将会开发为教育旅游中心。
On Thursday, a bronze statue of Vidyasagar was installed at Vidyasagar College.	星期四，维迪亚萨加铜像于维迪亚萨加大学（Vidyasagar College）落成。
"Those who are against the social reforms of Vidyasagar had vandalised his bust at the institution associated with his name," the minister said.	“维迪亚萨加社会改革的反对者蓄意破坏了在以这位伟人命名的大学内的其半身雕像，”首席部长说道。
A bust of the social reformer was vandalised during a road show of BJP chief Amit Shah in the city in May.	五月，印度人民党（BJP）主席阿米特·沙阿（Amit Shah）在当地举行路演期间，这位社会改革家的半身雕像遭到蓄意破坏。
