ほのかが【田中みな実さん風ヘア】になる！	Honoka's New [Tanaka Minami hairstlye] Look!
カットの全貌をレポート（CanCam.jp ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The complete report (CanCam.jp) --Yahoo! News
重さのあるセミロングにレイヤーをプラスして【みな実風】ふんわりヘアに	A bottom heavy, medium-length hairstyle with layers that keeps it bouncy  [Minami style]
CanCamモデルほのかが 、 「 美しいのはもちろんだけど、プロ意識がとても高くて尊敬しています ！ 」と憧れを抱く、田中みな実さんのような動きのあるヘアスタイルにチャレンジ。	CanCam model, Honoka, goes for a hairstyle with bounce, like Tanaka Minami, whom she gushes is, "Not only beautiful, but very professional respectable!"
実際に田中みな実さんのヘアカットを手掛けている、表参道のヘアサロン「SUNVALLY」の朝日光輝さんにお願いして 、 「 みな実風ヘア」にしてもらいました。	She went to Asahi Mitsuteru of the Hair Salon "SUN VALLEY" in Omotesando, who cuts Tanaka Minami's hair, to give her the "Minami-style " cut.
そのカットプロセスをレポートします！	We will explain the process to get the "cut"!
乃木坂46 山下美月、ショートヘアになって初表紙！	Nogizaka46 Yamashita Mizuki, her first cover with her new, short look!
まずはカット前のほのかの髪をチェック。	Let's check out Honoka's hair before cutting.
細くてやわらかく、多め。	Thin, soft and volumenous hair.
クセがあって、特に梅雨の時季はボワッとしてしまうためストレートパーマをかけることも。	Curly and unruly especially during the rainy season, she sometimes gets her hair straightened.
流し前髪を合わせた重めのセミロングです。	A heavy medium-length, with side bangs.
いよいよカット開始！	Let's start the cut!
カットしやすいように、まずは全体を軽く濡らします。	First, we dampen the whole head, making it easier to cut.
その後、ハチ上（頭のいちばん出っ張っている周囲より上の部分）を分け取っておき、下からカットしていきます。	Then section out the hair on the crown (just above the widest part of the head) and start cutting from the bottom.
ちなみに、みな実さんに近づけるヘアのポイントはこちら！	Here are some key points to achieve a hairstyle just like Minami!
1 タブルバング 前髪の内側をほんの少し短くすることで、フルで下ろすとやや厚め、軽く分けると肌が透けるシースルーに...など、スタイリング次第で変化が楽しめます。	1. Double Bangs:  by cutting the inside layer of the bang a little shorter, you can either choose thicker full bangs by letting both layers fall or achieve lighter, see-through look when you separate the layers.
2 クセを生かしたカット 多毛のクセありさんが毛量を減らしすぎると、よけいに広がってしまうことも。	2. Making the most of your curls:  when those with curlier hair try to thin out volume, it may make it more difficult to tame.
そのあたりのバランスを相談しながら、扱いやすくも広がりにくく、自身のうねりが生きるようなバランスをキープ。	Need to keep the balance of easy care, taming unruliness, and making the most of the curls while thinking about proportion.
3 顔周りのレイヤーとおくれ毛 レイヤー＝段差をつけて切るカットのこと。	3. Layering around the face and loose hair:  layered cut = a cutting at different lengths.
顔周りにレイヤーを入れておくと動きが出やすくなって、かわいらしい仕上がりに。	Layering around the face gives bounce and a cute finish.
おくれ毛は、こめかみ、もみあげの前と後ろの3カ所に作っておくと、サッとまとめ髪にしたときでもおしゃれに見えます。	By creating loose hair in 3 areas, around the temple and at the front and back of sideburns, you can create a stylish look when the hair is casually put up.
分け取っておいたハチ上の髪も合わせてカットしたら、顔周りに。	Release the sectioned out hair on the crown, cut together, then release around the face.
顔周りの上部分の毛束を前に引き出して、毛先をちょんちょんと切ります。	Pull out the upper part of the hair around the face and snip the ends of the hair.
こうすると、毛束を下ろした時に段差がついて、動きが出やすくなります（これがレイヤーカット ） 。	This will create layers when the hair is let down, giving it bounce (this is a layered haircut).
白鵬、朝乃山が７連勝 御嶽海も全勝、１敗に正代ら４人｜静岡新聞アットエス	7 Straight Wins for Hakuho and Asanoyama, No Losses for Mitakeumi Either, and Only 1 Loss for Shodai and 3 Others| Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
宝富士（手前）を攻める朝乃山。	Asanoyama lunging at Takarafuji (front).
大相撲７月場所７日目（２５日・両国国技館）一人横綱の白鵬は平幕霧馬山を寄り切り、新大関朝乃山も宝富士を危なげなく寄り切ってともに７連勝とした。	On the seventh day of the July Sumo tournament (held at Ryogoku Kokugikan on the 25th), lone yokozuna ranked wrestler Hakuho forced hiramaku rank Kiribayama out of the ring, and recently promoted ozeki rank Asanoyama also prevailed over Takarafuji and pushed him out the ring, resulting in seven straight victories for both wrestlers.
かど番の大関貴景勝は輝を突き落として５勝目。	Takakeisho, an ozeki in danger of losing his rank, defeated Kagayaki to secure his fifth victory.
関脇御嶽海は阿炎の休場による不戦勝で全勝を守った。	Thanks to Abi's absence, the sekiwake ranked Mitakeumi maintained his perfect record with a default victory.
関脇正代は碧山を突き落として１敗をキープした。	Sekiwake rank Shodai defeated Aoiyama, keeping his losses to one.
全勝は３人で変わらず、１敗は正代に妙義龍、新入幕の琴勝峰、元大関で再入幕の照ノ富士を加えた４人となった。	Three wrestlers remain with perfect records, and there are now four with one loss, with Shodai joined by Myogiru, newly promoted makuuchi rank Kotoshoho, and former ozeki and re-promoted makuuchi Terunofuji.
十両は若元春が１敗で単独トップに立った。	In the juryo division, Wakamotoharu stands alone at the top with one loss.
吉村知事、対コロナで「ぐるなびと提携する 」 （ サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Governor Yoshimura will "partner with Gurunavi" against COVID-19 (Sankei Sports) - Yahoo!News
大阪府の吉村洋文知事（４５）が２０日、大阪・ＡＢＣテレビ「キャスト 」 （ 月～金曜後３・４８）に府庁からリモート出演し、新型コロナウイルス感染拡大防止対策の一環として、飲食店情報のウェブサイト「ぐるなび」との提携を検討していると明かした。	The governor of Osaka Prefecture, Yoshimura Hirofumi (45) appeared remotely from the prefectural office on the Osaka ABC TV show, Cast (Mon-Fri, from 3:48), to announce that, as part of measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19, his office is considering teaming up with restaurant listings site Gurunavi.
大阪府では今月上旬から、感染拡大防止の取り組み推進と府民への安心提供のため、ガイドラインを順守している事業者に「感染防止宣言ステッカー」を発行。	Starting in the prefecture from the beginning of the month, "Infection Prevention Declaration" stickers are being issued to businesses that comply with guidelines, with the aim of promoting efforts to prevent the spread of infection, and provide peace of mind to citizens.
しかし、飲食店だけで１２万軒以上といわれる府下でのステッカー発行は１万１０００店舗にとどまっている。	However, the number of stickers issued remains at a mere 11,000, whereas there are said to be 120,000 restaurants alone in the prefecture.
そこで吉村知事は「月末になったらやろうと思ってるんですけど 、 『 ぐるなび』なんかと提携をして、予約するときに宣言ステッカーの発行店を出して、予約段階でわかるようにする」と、インターネット予約サイトのとタッグを宣言。	Governor Yoshimura explained, "We're planning on starting it at the end of the month, and we'd like to partner with a site like Gurunavi, so when you go to make a reservation it will show restaurants that have been issued with an Infection Prevention Declaration sticker, so you will know from the time you make the booking," elucidating the plan to work hand in hand with internet reservations sites.
「大事なのは『夜の街』と一括りにすることじゃない。感染症対策をやってくれてる店とやってない店をきちんと明確に分けるべき。やってくれる店を増やす努力も重要」と話した。	"What's important is that we don't lump everything together and put the blame squarely with the 'nightlife district'. We need to clearly distinguish between the establishments that are taking adequate measures to prevent the spread of infection, and those that aren't. And therefore, it's important that we make efforts to increase the number of establishments that are doing their part," he added.
山梨・宮崎・沖縄への往来の際は「慎重に行動を」 東京・大阪などへの往来は「慎重に判断を」 長野県が県民に呼びかけ（NBS長野放送 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"Act carefully" when traveling to Yamanashi, Miyazaki, Okinawa, "Judge cautiously" when traveling to Tokyo, Osaka, etc. Nagano Prefecture instructs on its citizens (NBS Nagano Broadcasting) --Yahoo! News
長野県は25日、新型コロナウイルスの感染者が増加傾向にあるとして、山梨県・宮崎県・沖縄県への往来について 、 「 基本的な感染防止策の徹底など慎重に行動」するよう県民に呼びかけました。	Nagano Prefecture warned citizens on the 25th to "act carefully, by taking strict measures to prevent the infection," when traveling to Yamanashi, Miyazaki, and Okinawa prefectures since the number of people infected with the new coronavirus is on the rise.
県によりますと、山梨県・宮崎県・沖縄県は直近1週間の新規感染者が「10万人あたり1.0人」を上回ったことから、往来する際には 、 「 基本的な感染防止策の徹底など慎重に行動」するよう呼びかけています。	According to the prefectures, the number of newly infected people in Yamanashi, Miyazaki, and Okinawa prefectures exceeded "1.0 per 100,000 persons" in the past week, and called upon "taking necessary proper preventative measures when traveling to those places".
すでに 、 「 1.0人」を上回った北海道・宮城県・栃木県・岐阜県・広島県・香川県・佐賀県・長崎県についても同様の呼びかけをしています。	They have already givens similar warning for travels to Hokkaido, Miyagi, Tochigi, Gifu, Hiroshima, Kagawa, Saga, and Nagasaki prefectures, which have exceeded "1.0 people".
また、直近1週間の新規感染者が「10万人当たり2.5人」を上回った東京都・埼玉県・千葉県・神奈川県・愛知県・滋賀県・京都府・大阪府・兵庫県・奈良県・和歌山県・福岡県・鹿児島県への往来については 、 「 必要性を改めて慎重に判断し、高齢者など重症リスクの高い人は控えることも検討」するよう呼びかけています。（7月25日現在）	In addition, regarding travels to Tokyo, Saitama, Chiba, Kanagawa, Aichi, Shiga, Kyoto, Osaka, Hyogo, Nara, Wakayama, Fukuoka, and Kagoshima prefectures, where the number of newly infected people in the past week exceeded "2.5 per 100,000 persons", they have called to "reexamine the necessity at this time, and consider refraining travels for the elderly who are at higher risk of serious illnesses."  (As of July 25)
男子初優勝の髙嶺史弥・吉川洋一朗と女子２連覇を飾った吉川小百合・髙嶺心萌（左から）＝24日午後、漫湖公園市民庭球場	First-time boys' champions Takamine Fumiya and Yoshikawa Yoichiro with two-time girls' champions Yoshikawa Sayuri and Takamine Tomoe (from left): Manko Park Civic Tennis Courts on the Morning of the 24th
男女個人戦も独占	Dominating the Boys' and Girls' Singles
２０２０年度県高校総合体育大会（県高校体育連盟、県教育委員会主催）第６日目は24日、各会場で13競技が行われ、漫湖公園市民庭球場でのソフトテニス競技個人戦男子で髙嶺史弥・吉川洋一朗組（八重高）がファイナルにもつれる死闘を制して初優勝、女子で吉川小百合・髙嶺心萌組（同）が圧倒的な強さを見せ大会２連覇を飾った。	On the 24th, the sixth day of the 2020 Prefectural Interscholastic High School Athletics Championships (hosted by the Prefectural High School Athletics Federation and the Prefectural Board of Education) was held, with 13 events taking place at various venues, and in the soft tennis boys' singles competition at the Manko Park Civic Tennis Courts, the duo of Takamine Fumiya and Yoshikawa Yoichiro (Yaeyama High) had their first victory, dominating in a life-or-death struggle that will lead to the finals, and in girls', the duo of Yoshikawa Sayuri and Takamine Tomoe (ibid.) showed overwhelming strength, garnishing two consecutive championship victories.
八重高男女は前日の団体戦に続き個人戦も独占した。	Following on from the previous day's doubles' matches, Yaeyama High boys and girls also dominated in the singles' matches.
（10面に結果）	(Results on page 10)
髙嶺史弥は「プレッシャーもあったが最後の舞台で優勝できて良かった 」 、 吉川洋一朗は 「 （ 高嶺を）勝たせることしか考えていなかった。目標が叶ってうれしい」と語った。	Takamine Fumiya said, "There was some pressure, but I'm glad that we won on the final stage," and Yoshikawa Yoichiro said, "All I was thinking about was helping (Takamine) win. I'm glad that I achieved that goal."
吉川小百合は「ほっとしている。男女４冠も最高にうれしい 」 、 髙嶺心萌は「絶対に負けたくなかった。最後に有終の美を飾れてよかった」と笑顔を見せた。	With smiles, Yoshikawa Sayuri said, "I'm relieved. I'm incredibly happy to have four titles between the boys and girls," and Takamine Tomoe said, "I didn't want to lose no matter what. It's wonderful that we could get our crowning glory at the end."
花巻市の豊沢町振興会（中村健次会長）の企画展「豊沢町の歴史と文化展」は２５日から、同市上町の賢治の広場で開かれる。	Starting from the 25th, the Toyosawacho Promotion Association (chairman: Nakamura Kenji) of Hanamaki city will be holding an exhibition called "The Toyosawacho History and Culture Exhibition" at the Kenji Hiroba, Kamicho.
詩人で童話作家の宮沢賢治（１８９６～１９３３年）が、自身が育った同市豊沢町の住民とともに２３（大正１２）年の関東大震災の被災地に義援金を送ったことが記された手帳を展示。	On exhibition is a notebook showing that Miyazawa Kenji (1896-1933), a poet and writer of children's stories, made a donation to the areas affected by the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923 (Taisho 12), along with other residents of Toyosawacho district, where he was raised.
賢治と豊沢町のつながりを示す貴重な資料で、町の文化や歴史とともに紹介している。	It serves as an important document showing the connection between Kenji and Toyosawacho, and will be displayed together with other exhibits that introduce the culture and history of the town.
８月２３日まで。	The exhibition will run until August 23rd.
手帳は同振興会の会員で同市豊沢町の団体職員伊藤裕二さん（６０）が昨夏に自宅の倉庫を整理した際に発見。	The notebook was discovered by Ito Yuji (60), a member of the Promotion Association and an employee of the city's Toyosawacho Society, when he was organizing his storehouse last summer.
地元で雑貨店を営んでいた義理の祖父高橋源蔵（１９００～８５年）が使っていた。	It was used by his grandfather-in-law, Takahashi Genzo (1900-1985), who ran a general store locally.
９月１５日に「東京市震災義捐金募集（在郷軍人 ） 」 と書かれており 、 「 ○ 」 「 ×」の記号とともに、賢治や当時の豊沢町の住民らの名前、義援金の金額が記されている。	An entry dated September 15th reads, "Soliciting donations for the Tokyo City Earthquake (reserve troops)," along with X and O marks, and it also lists the names and amounts donated by Kenji and other residents of Toyosawacho at the time.
ロッテの高卒4年目・種市がプロ初完封！	Four years after graduating high school, Lotte's Taneichi achieves his first shutout as a pro!
4番安田V打、鳥谷ダメ押し2点打（ベースボールキング ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Great play from No. 4 Yasuda, and 2 points scored for good measure by Toritani (Baseball King) - Yahoo!News
● 西武 0 － 5 ロッテ ○ ＜10回戦・メットライフドーム＞ ロッテは先発の種市篤暉が、9回136球を一人で投げぬき、4年目で嬉しいプロ初完封。	Seibu 0 - 5 Lotte (10 innings, played at the MetLife Dome): Lotte's starting pitcher, Taneichi Atsuki, delivered 136 pitches during the nine innings, resulting in his delightful first shutout in the 4th year of his professional career.
今季のパ・リーグ完封イチバン乗りで3勝目を挙げ、チームの連敗を2でストップした。	It was the first shutout of the Pacific League this season, resulting in the team's third win and halting their losing streak at just two.
種市は初回、先頭の鈴木将平に三塁線を破る二塁打で出塁を許すも、直後の源田壮亮を三ゴロで打ち取り、この間に進塁を狙った鈴木将も三塁でタッチアウト。	To begin with, Taneichi allowed Suzuki Shohei, who was first up to bat, to hit a double that broke through the third-base line, but following this, Genda Sosuke was immediately grounded out from third base and then Suzuki himself was also touched out when trying to advance to third base.
味方守備の冷静な対応にも助けられ、立ち上がりのピンチをゼロで切り抜けると、2回以降は自慢のストレートを中心にスライダー、フォークのコンビネーションで西武打線を翻弄。	Helped out by the calm response of his fielders, Taneichi got through this initial slip-up with zero, and from the second inning onwards, he made short work of Seibu's batting lineup, using a combination of sliders and forkballs based around his accomplished straight.
尻上がりに調子を上げて、スコアボードにゼロを並べていく。	This progress only served to improve his confidence, and the zeros lined up on the scoreboard.
打線は相手先発・本田圭佑を打ちあぐねていたが、7回先頭の3番・菅野剛士が四球で出塁し、代走・岡大海が二盗成功。	Lotte's batting line had been unable to hit anything thrown by Seibu's starting pitcher, Honda Keisuke, until finally, at the top of the seventh inning, No. 3 Sugano Tsuyoshi walked on base with a four ball, and pinch runner Oka Hiromi succeeded in stealing second base.
このチャンスに4番・安田尚憲が値千金の右前打を放ち、ついに均衡を破る。	Taking this chance, No. 4 Yasuda Hisanori sent a ball sailing perfectly over to the right of the field, and finally broke the deadlock.
すると、続く8回に相手3番手・宮川哲を攻め立て、途中出場していた鳥谷敬の移籍後初タイムリーとなる左中間2点打など一挙4得点。	Continuing on into the eighth inning, Toritani Takashi, who had been substituted in, was on the offensive against Seibu's No. 3 Miyagawa Tetsu, hitting a run-scoring hit between the left and centre fielders for two points, racking up four points for Lotte in no time.
マリーンズの若きエース候補の背中を押すように畳み掛けて、一気に勝負を決めた。	This left everything resting on the shoulders of the Marines' young ace candidate, and the match was quickly decided.
種市は8回も三者凡退で片付けると、100球を超えた9回も続投。	Taneichi ended the eighth inning by getting all three batters out, and continued pitching in the ninth inning, by which point he had thrown over 100 balls.
「力みまくった」と連続四球で二死満塁のピンチを招いたが、最後はスパンジェンバーグから高めのストレートでこの日10個目の三振を奪いゲームセット。	Exerting himself, Taneichi allowed a succession of walks and found himself with two out and bases loaded, but in the end, a fast ball to Cory Spangenberg produced the 10th strikeout of the day, and the game was set.
笑顔で喜びを噛み締めた。	Taneichi rejoiced with a smile on his face.
新作戦で事故にバイバイ 鶴岡署、関係団体と連携し安全啓発｜山形新聞	Waving bye-bye to accidents with a new initiative: Tsuruoka Police Station working with related organisations to promote safety awareness | Yamagata Newspaper
作戦のスタート行事として開かれた自転車教室では、車と自転車の衝突実験が行われた＝鶴岡市・庄交学園自動車教習所	At the bicycle class held to kickstart the initiative, a collision between a bike and a car was simulated - Shoko Gakuen Driving School, Tsuruoka
鶴岡警察署（佐藤景三署長）は、近年、管内で発生する割合が高い自転車やバイクの絡む事故をなくそうと 、 「 バイ・バイ事故ゼロ作戦」をスタートさせた。	Tsuruoka Police Station (chief of police: Sato Keizo) has begun a new "Bye-bye Accident Zero Initiative" in an effort to curb the relatively high number of accidents involving bicycles and motorbikes that occur in its jurisdiction.
管内の交通安全団体とともに事故防止の啓発を進めるほか、自転車の交通ルール違反の取り締まり強化に乗り出す。	The station will not only be promoting awareness of accident prevention together with local road safety organisations, but also aims to clampdown on bicycle traffic rule violations.
同署管内では今年、3件の交通死亡事故が発生しており、バイクや自転車を運転していた人が亡くなった。	Three fatal traffic accidents happened this year within the jurisdiction, where the rider of a bicycle or motorbike was killed.
事故の発生件数は減少傾向にあるものの、自転車の絡む事故の発生割合は、6月30日現在で約11.7 ％ 、 バイク絡みは同約5.8％で、いずれも県平均より高くなっている。	Although the overall number of accidents is on the decline, as of June 30th, the percentage of accidents involving bicycles is 11.7%, and 5.8% for motorbikes, both of which are higher than the average for the prefecture.
特に自転車の事故は、過去5年の発生割合も県平均を上回る年が多く、こうした状況を打開しようと作戦を企画した。	For bicycle accidents in particular, the rate has exceeded the prefectural average for the majority of the past five years, and so they planned the new initiative to try to overcome the situation.
作戦名には「ｂｉｋｅ 」 「 ｂｉｃｙｃｌｅ」に事故撲滅の意味を掛け合わせた。	The naming of the initiative is a play on the words "bike" and "bicycle" to eradicate accidents.
関係団体には、高齢者への運転指導や夜光反射材の活用を交通安全教室などで、これまで以上に呼び掛けてもらう。	Related organisations will be asked to appeal to people more than ever in endeavours such as road safety classes, encouraging driving instruction for elderly people and the use of reflective clothing at night.
同署では取り締まりなどの際にイエローカード（指導警告票）を交付し、注意を促す。	Police officers will issue people with a yellow card (disciplinary warning slip) as a caution when they violate a traffic rule.
作戦の開始式が21日、鶴岡市の庄交学園自動車教習所で行われた。	A ceremony to signal the start of the initiative was held on the 21st at Shoku Gakuen Driving School in Tsuruoka.
関係者約30人が出席し、佐藤署長は「悲惨な事故を一件でも減らすためにも、協力をお願いしたい」とあいさつ。	Around 30 related officials were in attendance, to whom Chief Sato asked for their cooperation in "reducing even just one tragic accident" in his opening remarks.
同署の担当者が方針と各団体の活動内容を示した。	Officials from the police department explained the details of the initiative and the activities of the various organisations.
引き続き作戦のスタート行事として、自転車教室を開催。	And then a bicycle class was also held as one of the starting events.
車に乗った署員が、ブレーキを掛けて自転車に衝突した場合と、ブレーキを踏まずに時速約55キロで衝突した場合とで、自転車に加わる衝撃がどのように異なるのかを実演した。	A station official driving a car demonstrated how the impact exerted on a bicycle changes depending on whether the driver was applying the brakes at the time of the crash, or if they were travelling at 55km/h and not applying the brakes.
鶴岡地区地域交通安全活動推進委員協議会の金内弘一会長は「改めて交通事故の恐ろしさを実感した。高齢者はもちろん、若者にも注意を呼び掛けたい」と話していた。	Kanauchi Koichi, chairman of the Tsuruoka Regional Road Safety Action Promotion Committee, said, "Today's demonstration served as a stark reminder of the horror of traffic accidents. I urge not only the elderly, but also young people, to take due care."
お笑い赤坂亭 ５カ月ぶり定例寄席 プロの話芸、来場者引き込む：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Akasakatei Comedy Club reopens after 5-month Hiatus, Pro Storyteller Draw Customers for Regular Entertainment Event: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San-Digi
歯切れの良い語り口で落語を披露する雷門喜助さん（右）	Kaminarimon Kisuke (left), with his clear speaking style, performing Rakugo
新型コロナウイルスの影響で休業していた公営寄席「お笑い赤坂亭 」 （ 赤磐市惣分）で２５日、５カ月ぶりの定例寄席が開かれた。	Akasakatei Comedy Club (Sobun, Akaiwa city), a publicly managed entertainment venue that had been closed due to the impact of COVID-19, held a regular entertainment event on the 25th after a 5-month hiatus.
赤坂亭を拠点に活動する落語家・雷門喜助さん（７５）＝同所＝らが、プロの話芸で来場者の笑いを誘った。	Rakugo performer Kaminarimon Kisuke (75), who calls Akasakatei his home, and other performers based there drew laughs from the audience with their professional storytelling.
喜助さんは、殿様から禁酒を言い渡された家臣の依頼で、酒を持ち込もうとする酒屋が門番と滑稽なやりとりを繰り広げる「禁酒番屋」を披露。	Kisuke performed Kinshu Banya, in which a sake seller tries to sneak in alcohol at the request of a vassal whose lord has prohibited alcohol, and a humorous exchange with the gatekeeper ensues.
歯切れのいい語り口や、おいしそうに酒を飲むしぐさに何度も笑いが起こった。	There were a lot of laughs at his clear storytelling and how deliciously he mimed drinking alcohol.
夫婦で訪れた会社員男性（５８）＝岡山市中区＝は「話し方や間の取り方が絶妙で、すぐに引き込まれた」と笑顔。	A male company employee (58) from Naka ward, Okayama city, who attended with his wife, said with a smile, "His speaking style and timing were superb, and it pulled me in right away."
喜助さんは「久々の公演で声の調子はいまひとつだったが、充実した時間だった」と話していた。	Kisuke said, "My voice wasn't the best because it was my first performance in so long, but it was a rewarding time."
ゲストの落語家・桂小留さん（３１）＝大阪市、手品グループ・津山マジック同好会も出演した。	There were also performances by a guest Rakugo performer, Katsura Chiroru (31) of Osaka city, and by the sleight of hand group, Tsuyama Magic Club.
お笑い赤坂亭は１９９６年、全国初の公営寄席として旧赤坂町が開業。	Akasakatei Comedy Club began in 1996 in the former Akasaka-cho area as the first publicly managed entertainment venue in the country.
月１回の定例寄席や出前寄席を続けていたが、新型コロナの影響で今年２月の公演を最後に寄席を取りやめていた。	The venue has held monthly events and one-off shows since then, but had not held any events since February due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
ロシア極東で異例１５日連続デモ 知事拘束に抗議、矛先政権にも｜静岡新聞アットエス	Unprecedented 15 Days of Continued Demonstrations in Russia's Far East, Protesting Governor's Arrest, Also Targeting Administration | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
ロシア極東ハバロフスク地方で２５日、フルガル知事が拘束・解任されたことに抗議するデモ隊（ＡＰ＝共同）	Demonstrators protesting against the arrest and dismissal of Governor Furgal in the Khabarovsk region of Russia's far east on the 25th (AP/Kyodo News).
【モスクワ共同】ロシア極東ハバロフスク地方でフルガル知事が拘束・解任されたことに抗議するデモが２５日も現地で行われた。	MOSCOW (Kyodo News) - Demonstrations in the Khabarovsk region of Russia's far east protesting the arrest and dismissal of Governor Furgal continued locally on the 25th.
デモは１５日連続となり異例の事態。	The demonstrations have been going on for an unprecedented 15 days.
批判の矛先はプーチン大統領にも向けられている。	President Putin has also been a target of criticism.
治安当局は、首都モスクワでは常とう手段の一斉拘束に踏み切らず、住民感情に配慮する政権の慎重姿勢がにじんでいる。	The authorities have not made mass arrests, which is a habitual practice in the capital Moscow, showing the administration's cautious attitude in consideration of public sentiment.
極右の自由民主党所属のフルガル前知事は１８年の知事選決選投票でプーチン政権与党「統一ロシア」の現職候補に得票率約７割で圧勝。	In the 2018 final gubernatorial election, ex-governor Furgal, a member of the far-right Liberal Democratic Party, won an overwhelming victory over the incumbent candidate from the Putin administration's party, United Russia, with about 70% of votes cast.
ロシアで数少ない非与党知事だったが、今月９日に治安当局に拘束された。	He was one of Russia's few opposition party governors, but he was arrested by the authorities on the 9th of this month.
容疑は０４～０５年の実業家殺害２件への関与と発表された。	It was announced that the suspect had been involved in the murders of two different businessmen in 2004 and 2005.
コロナで規模縮小も 福島・相馬野馬追初日（福島県 ） （ 福島中央テレビ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Due to Covid-19, scaling down in Fukushima • The Opening of Soma Nomaoi (Fukushima Prefecture) (Fukushima Central Television) --Yahoo! News
コロナで規模縮小も 福島・相馬野馬追初日	Due to Covid-19 Scaling down in Fukushima • Soma Nomaoi - the opening day
相馬地方伝統の夏祭り「相馬野馬追」が、２５日から始まった。	The traditional summer festival "Soma Nomaoi" in Soma region began on the 25th.
一千年以上の歴史をもつ「相馬野馬追」は、２５日から３日間の日程で開催される。	"Soma Nomaoi", which has a history of more than 1,000 years, will be held for three days from the 25th.
朝には相馬中村神社で新型コロナウイルス収束の祈りを捧げたあと、出陣式が行われた。	After a prayer given for the elimination of the new coronavirus at Soma Nakamura Shrine in the morning, the launch ceremony was held.
２０２０年は感染拡大を防ぐため、出場人数を制限し無観客で実施するほか、騎馬武者たちが町を練り歩く「宵乗り行列」も中止となり、総大将が乗馬するだけに留まった。	In 2020, in order to prevent the spread of Covid-19, the number of participants are limited and the events are held without spectators, in addition to cancelling the "evening ride procession" where cavalry warriors parade through the town, and only the general commander was on a horse.
呼び物の「甲冑競馬」や「神旗争奪戦」などもとりやめ、２６日・２７日も神社敷地内での神事のみ執り行われる予定だ。	The special events; "Kacchu-keiba" and "Shiki sodatsu-sen" are also canceled, and only the Shinto ritual inside the grounds will be held on the 26th and 27th.
県産食材の4商品きょうから順次発売 三重のセブンイレブン（伊勢新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Mie Seven-Eleven  Start sales of four products with locally sourced ingredients from today (Ise Shimbun) --Yahoo! News
新型コロナウイルスの感染拡大で影響を受ける事業者を支援するため、コンビニ大手セブン―イレブン・ジャパン（東京）は23日から、三重県内出店15周年を記念して県産食材を使ったラーメンやおにぎりなど新商品四品を県内168店舗で順次発売する。	Starting from the 23rd and spreading over 168 stores, Seven-Eleven Japan (Tokyo), a major convenience store, will launch sales of four new products such as ramen or rice balls that use locally sourced ingredients to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the opening of the first store in Mie Prefecture and in order to support businesses affected by the spread of the new coronavirus.
同社は平成18年2月に桑名市で桑名江場店を県内1号店としてオープン。	The company opened its first store in the prefecture, Kuwana Eba store in Kuwana City in February 2006.
現在は168店舗まで広がり、今年で15周年を迎える。	Currently, they have expanded to 168 stores, and this year marks the 15th anniversary.
外出控えなどで需要が落ち込んだ県産食材を使って記念商品を販売する。	Commemorative products will be sold using local ingredients, where demand has fallen due to people refraining from going out.
県内のほか、愛知、岐阜両県の店舗でも扱う。	In addition to the prefecture, they will also be available at stores in both Aichi and Gifu prefectures.
23日に発売するのはマダイのだしを使った冷やし塩ラーメン（440円）とたいめしのおむすび（140円 ） 。	On the 23rd, chilled salt ramen (440 yen) using broth from local red sea bream and tai-mesh rice ball (140 yen) will go on sale.
28日には、赤シソや生ノリのつくだ煮を使った2個入りのおにぎり（175円）と伊勢茶のシュークリーム（140円）を発売する。	On the 28th, two rice ball set (175 yen) using red perilla and braised raw seaweed, as well as Ise green tea cream puff (140 yen) will go on sale.
同社オペレーション本部の飯沼一丈副本部長らが22日、県庁で鈴木英敬知事と面談し「生産者に大変素晴らしい食材を提供いただき、真心を込めて商品を作り上げた。	Deputy General Manager Iinuma Kazutake of the company's operation headquarters met with Governor Suzuki Eikei at the prefectural office on the 22nd saying, "We were provided by local producers with such wonderful ingredients and we have tried to create the products with sincerity.
世の中が厳しい状況だが、商品を通して三重県を盛り上げたい」と述べた。	"The world is in a very tough situation, but we want to stimulate Mie Prefecture through these products."
鈴木知事は「魅力のある商品の一方で、今回のコロナで影響を受けている品目ばかり。生産者にとって勇気の出る取り組みだと思う」と感謝。	Governor Suzuki appreciated that, "They are all attractive products, using ingredients sourced by local producers affected by this coronavirus. I think this project will encourage the producers."
ラーメンとたいめしのおむすびを試食し「タイのだしがよく効いている。おいしい」と太鼓判を押した。	He sampled the ramen and rice balls and said, "You can taste the sea bream soup stock and it's delicious." giving it a thumbs up.
「アマビエ」備前焼置物で元気に 岡山大付属特別支援学校生が制作：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Bringing Joy with Bizen Ware Amabie Ornaments, Made by Students of the School of Special Needs Attached to Okayama University: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San-Digi
岡山大付属特別支援学校（岡山市中区平井）高等部の生徒が、地域の高齢者らへプレゼントしようと、疫病を鎮めるとされる妖怪「アマビエ」の備前焼の置物を作っている。	High school students at the School of Special Needs Attached to Okayama University (Hirai, Naka ward, Okayama city) are making Bizen ware ornaments of Amabie, a spirit said to be able to quell epidemics, to give as gifts to elderly people in the community.
新型コロナウイルスの影響で、例年行う店舗での販売実習や地域住民との交流が難しい中、感染症の早期収束や健康を願い企画した。	The endeavour was planned in the hopes of bringing the pandemic to an early end and praying for health in an environment where the impact of COVID-19 precludes the in-person sales experience in stores and the interaction with local residents that would normally take place.
高等部の１１人が６月から週３日、午前中に授業の一環として制作。	Starting in June, 11 high school seniors made the figures three days a week as part of their morning classes.
力を込めてのばした粘土を型抜きで成形した後、備前焼特有の赤色模様の「緋襷（ひだすき ） 」 を出すためにわらを巻き付ける作業などを行う。	After putting effort into rolling out the clay and shaping it with cutters, they worked to wrap them in straw to bring out the distinctive "hidasuki" scarlet color of Bizen ware.
乾燥や焼成の工程も含め、２～３週間程度で完成するという。	The students said that it took about two or three weeks to complete, including the process of drying and firing.
３年生の生徒（１８）は「新型コロナに負けずお年寄りが元気に過ごしてもらえるようにとの思いを込め、一生懸命作っている」と話した。	"We worked really hard to make these and we filled them with our hope that the elderly will not give up hope in the face of COVID-19 and will continue to stay healthy and happy," explained a third-year student (18).
備前焼は２７日、合唱を披露するなど交流のある養護老人ホーム・岡山市友楽園（同所）の入所者に４０個届ける予定。	On the 27th, the students plan to deliver 40 of the Bizen ware figurines to the residents of Okayama Yurakuen (part of the same facility), a nursing home where they hold choral events and other interactions.
制作は７月末まで続ける予定で、残る作品の贈り先などは今後決めるという。	The students say they will continue making the Bizen ware Amabie figurines until the end of July, and then they will decide where to send the remaining ones.
一関市の千厩地区まちづくり協議会（村上敬一会長）は、同市千厩町の千厩市民センター駐車場を会場に、雨傘を空に飾る「アンブレラスカイせんまや」を初開催し、８月１日に特別展示イベントを行う。	On August 1st, the Senmaya District Urban Development Council (chairman: Murakami Keiichi) of Ichinoseki city will hold a special exhibition event in the parking lot of the Senmaya Municipal Community Center in the Senmaya part of the city: the first ever Umbrella Sky Senmaya, where the sky will be decorated with umbrellas.
新型コロナウイルス感染症の影響で夏祭りなどが中止になる中 、 「 地域の人たちが楽しめる催しを」と企画したもので、約１００本のカラフルな傘が千厩の夏空を彩る。	While summer festivals and other events are being cancelled due to the impact of the COVID-19 virus, this event was planned to bring joy to the people of the area, with about 100 colorful umbrellas painting the summer sky of Senmaya.
同日のイベントでは地域住民らから提供された色とりどりの傘を飾り、地元の児童がビニール部分に絵などを描いた傘も並べる。	On the day, the event will display decorations of colorful umbrellas donated by local residents, and some of the arranged umbrellas will feature illustrations done by local children on the clear plastic canopies.
プロのカメラマンによる浴衣撮影会を行うほか、キッチンカーも出店する。	Food trucks will be set up, and a professional photographer for yukata photo sessions in will also be in attendance.
午前１０時～午後４時。	The event will take place from 10am to 4pm.
１日の浴衣撮影会は午前１０時～正午。	The yukata photo sessions will take place on the 1st from 10am until midday.
希望者は千厩街道着物まちあるき実行委員会の菅原利和会長（０９０・８８５９・５９２８）に申し込む。	Those interested should apply to Sugawara Toshikazu (090-8859-5928), chairman of the Senmaya Kaido Kimono City Walks Executive Committee.
明石商・中森が３回０安打０封７Ｋ！	Akashi Shogyou HS • Nakamori gets his third no hitter! 7Ks!
虎もＧも大絶賛、阪神・和田ＴＡ「やはりトップクラス 」 （ サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Tigers and Giants both highly praise Hanshin • Wada TA is "a sure top class player" (Sankei Sports) --Yahoo! News
高校野球兵庫独自大会は２４日、昨春夏甲子園４強の強豪・明石商が高砂との初戦（２回戦、高砂市野球場）に臨み、１１－０で５回コールド発進した。	The exclusive Hyogo high school baseball tournament was held on the 24th, with the first game being Akashi Shougyo HS (top four in the last spring/summer Koshien tournament), a strong team playing against Takasago (2nd round, Takasago Municipal Baseball Stadium) and wins a called game in the 5th inning, 11-0.
ドラフト上位候補の１５１キロ右腕・中森俊介投手（３年）が３回無安打７奪三振と貫禄のピッチングを披露。	151 km right-handed pitcher, Nakamori Shunsuke (senior), who is a top draft pick, showed off with a no-hitter, seven strikeouts and excellent pitching in the 3rd inning.
視察した阪神・和田豊球団本部付テクニカルアドバイザー（５７）も絶賛した。	Wada Yutaka (57), technical advisor for Hanshin baseball team's headquarters, highly praised him.
降り続く雨のため整備などで開始が３９分遅れた。	The start was delayed by 39 minutes due to the continuous rain and field maintenance.
ぬかるんだマウンド。	A muddy mound.
それでも、待ち望んだ今年初公式戦とあって気合が入った。	Even so, the long-awaited first official game of the year caused enthusiasm.
最後に四球１つを与えたが、貫禄のノーヒット投球。	In the end, he gave up one walk, but pitched an impressive no-hitter.
７三振を奪い、３回ゼロ封で５回コールド勝ちに貢献した。	He had 7 strikeouts and with a no hit and no run in the 3rd inning, contributed to a called game in the 5th inning.
「全体的に浮いていた。ストレートで空振りを取れたのは良かったが、低めの変化球を見極められたのを修正したい」 中森の自己評価は厳しかったが、この日最速１４８キロをマークし、ネット裏の阪神、巨人、オリックスのプロの目は高評価だ。	"It was floating all over. It was good to strikeout with fastballs, but the easily recognized low curve balls needs to be adjusted." Nakamori critiqued himself harshly, even when he marked the fastest pitch that day at 148 km, impressing the professional eyes of Hanshin, Giants, and Orix who were behind the net.
阪神・和田ＴＡは昨夏甲子園初戦（２回戦○４－３花咲徳栄）以来のナマ視察。	It was Hanshin • Wada TA's first onsite observation since the first round of Koshien last summer (2nd round ○ 4-3 Hanasaki Tokuharu HS).
「成長している。やはり高校生トップクラス。下が悪くてもフォームが崩れず、しっかりコントロールできていた。上位候補になってくるんじゃないか」と絶賛。	He praised that "he is still growing. He is a top class high schooler, after all. Even with bad footing, his form didn't collapse and he controlled well. He will most likely be a top candidate recruit."
巨人・岸スカウトも「最近見た中で一番良かった。	Giant • Kishi Scout also said, "He was one of the best I've seen recently.
コロナ禍がありながら仕上げてきたのはさすが」とべたホメだ。	He's managed to improve himself in the middle of this Covid crisis.", showering with praise.
６月末に「プロか進学か半々」と語った注目の進路は「プロに行きたい気持ちはあるが、まだ決められない」と、８月１６日の甲子園交流試合（対桐生第一）後に結論を出す。	While he was "still undecided between going pro or to go to college, a 50/50 chance" at the end of June, he will make up his mind after the August 16th Koshien exchange game (vs Kiryu No1 HS), saying he "would love to turn pro but it's still hard to make decisions."
その前にベスト８で終了の今大会必勝が目標だ。	But before that, the goal is to win this tournament and be in the top eight.
毎試合２０人のベンチ入りメンバー登録変更可能のルール。	There is a rule that allows you to change the lineup of 20 players on the bench every game.
この試合も１６人の３年生がすべてプレーした。	This game was also played by all 16 Seniors.
３９人の３年生全員出場のために、残り３試合を勝ち続けなければならない。	For all 39 seniors to play in the games, they must continue to win the remaining three games.
「３年間苦しい練習をしてきた最後の大会。３年生全員で臨めたら。甲子園を含めて全勝したい。僕自身は（狭間）監督から完封がないと常々言われているので、それができるように」 チームと個人の、最後の夏の照準が定まった。	"This is the last tournament and we've been practicing hard for three years. We hope all seniors participate. We want to win all the games including Koshien. For me personally, my goal is to have a shutout game, as coach (Hazama) keeps reminding me I haven't yet." The team and his goals seem to have been set for their last summer.
（宮本圭一郎）	(Miyamoto Keiichiro)
浜名湖の魚、捕まえよう 湖西・海湖館で恒例イベント｜静岡新聞アットエス	Catch Fish at Lake Hamana in the Event Organised by Kaikokan, Kosai | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
魚のつかみ取り体験を楽しむ子どもたち＝湖西市新居町の海湖館	Children enjoying a fishing experience; Kaikokan in Araicho, Kosai city
湖西市新居町の観光施設「海湖館」で、浜名湖の魚やウナギのつかみ取り体験が行われている。	Kaikokan, a tourist facility in Araicho, Kosai city, is holding an event in which you can try and catch fish and eel from Lake Hamana with your bare hands.
連休中の２４日は晴れる時間帯もあり、親子連れの人気を集めた。	With sunny periods on the 24th during the 4-day weekend, it was a popular destination for parents to bring their children.
新居町観光協会が主催する毎年恒例のイベント。	This customary yearly event is hosted by the Araicho Tourism Association.
ウナギをはじめ、浜名湖で取れたクロダイやヒラメなどが池に放流される。	Eels and other fish caught in Lake Hamana, such as black porgy and flounder, are collected into a pond.
池で捕まえた後には、調理してもらい、味わうことができる。	Once you catch a fish from the pond, you can have it prepared and eat it.
ウナギのかば焼き作り体験も楽しめる。	You can also try your hand at cooking eel kabayaki.
２４日は県内外から家族連れの姿が見られた。	On the 24th, families visiting from outside the prefecture could be observed.
子どもたちは夢中になって魚を追いかけ、捕まえると得意げに保護者に見せて喜んだ。	The children pursued the fish with abandon, joyfully showing off to the grown-ups in attendance what they caught.
ウナギのつかみ取りは要予約。	A reservation is required for the eel catching.
食事代込みで４千円。	It costs 4,000 yen, which incldues the meal.
魚のつかみ取りは体験料４００円に加え、塩焼きやフライなどの食事代は１００グラム当たり４００円程度。	If you are catching a fish, there is a participation fee of 400 yen with an additional meal fee of 400 yen per 100g for salt-grilled or fried set meals.
体験のみは６００円。	Participation alone is 600 yen.
２００グラム当たり１５００円のシラス釜揚げ体験もある。	There is also a whitebait kettle-frying experience for 1,500 yen per 200g.
営業は１０月１８日までの土日祝日と夏休み期間（７月２３日～８月２３日 ） 。	The event runs on weekends, holidays, and the summer holiday (July 23rd - August 23rd), until October 18th.
予約、問い合わせは海湖館＜電０９０（８１８６）１２１７＞へ。	For reservations and inquiries, contact Kaikokan (phone: 090 (8186) 1217).
ヒートの将来を担う若武者、タイラー・ヒーローをバトラーが再び称賛「考え方がルーキーのそれではない 」 （ バスケット・カウント ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Butler once again praises Tyler Herro, the young star carrying the future of the Heat, "He doesn't think like a rookie" (Basket Count) - Yahoo!News
写真＝Getty Images ヒートのスクリメージ（練習試合）初戦はキングスとの対戦。	The Heat's first scrimmage (practice) game is against the Kings (photo credit: Getty Images).
104-98で快勝したこの試合、ダンカン・ロビンソンがチームハイの18得点、タイラー・ヒーローがそれに続く15得点とバックコートの活躍が光った。	At 104-98, the Heat secured an easy victory in this game, with backcourt heroes in their elements as Duncan Robinson scored 18 points, the most out of the team, and Tyler Herro followed with 15.
リーグ屈指のシューターであるロビンソンはもちろん、ドラフト全体13位指名のルーキー、ヒーローのステップアップがヒートにとっては重要な要素になる。	In addition to Robinson, who is one of the best shooters in the league, the stepping up of Herro, a rookie who was nominated 13th overall in the draft, will likely become a key element for the Heat.
ヒーローは足首のケガにより2月から3月にかけての15試合を欠場し、復帰戦となった3月12日のホーネッツ戦を最後にシーズンは長い中断期間に入った。	Herro missed 15 games in February and March due to an ankle injury, and the season began a long hiatus after his first game back against the Hornets on March 12th.
ヒーローは「時間はたっぷりあったから100％のコンディションを取り戻すことができた。今まで感じた中でも最高の気分だ」と語っているが、スクリメージでのパフォーマンスは言葉以上に説得力のあるものだった。	Herro said, "I was able to get my condition back up to 100% as there was plenty of time available. I feel the best I've ever felt," but actions speak louder than words, and his performance during the scrimmage was ample evidence of this.
先発ポイントガードであるケンドリック・ナンの合流が遅れたためにヒーローのプレータイムが増え、そのチャンスを生かした形。	Herro has been afforded more play time due to the delay in starting point guard Kendrick Nunn joining back with the team, a chance that he did not let go to waste.
いつもと違う役割も見事にこなした上での15得点だから価値は大きい。	It certainly paid off, since he played splendidly in a different role from normal, and was able to score 15 points.
チームリーダーであるジミー・バトラーは 、 『 お気に入り』のヒーローを今回も称賛した。	Team captain Jimmy Butler once again praised his "favourite", Herro.
「あいつはハンドラーもできるし、得点を奪えるし、ディフェンスもできる。チームのためにあらゆることができる選手だ。どのポジションでもこなせるのは、考え方がルーキーのそれではないから。映像を見て研究し、チームメートがどこでどう動いてフリーになり、それに対して自分がどうすべきかを頭に叩き込んでいる」	"Herro's a great handler, he's able to score points, he can defend. He's able to do anything to support the team. He doesn't think like a rookie, which is why he's comfortable in any position. He studies video footage, and thinks about how his teammates move and get in a free position, and what he should do in response."
今シーズン開幕の前から、バトラーはヒーローのルーキーらしからぬ負けん気の強さ、そしてバスケに取り組むストイックな姿勢を気に入っている。	Even before this season started, Butler was impressed with Herro's strong, un-rookie-like competitive spirit and stoic attitude towards basketball.
だからこそ朝4時スタートの個人練習にも誘い、一緒にトレーニングをしてきた。	That's why he invited Herro to individual training sessions starting at 4am, and they trained together.
かつてバトラーは「あいつは誰に対しても自分の意見を言うし、引き下がらない。そういう闘志は尊敬できる」と語っていた。	Butler has said of Herro in the past, "He makes his opinion known to anyone, and never backs down. I respect that kind of fighting spirit."
そのバトラーこそ思ったことは必ず口にするタイプで、チームのためになると思えば衝突が起こるのを承知で厳しい意見をぶつける。	Butler is also a player who speaks his mind and, if he thinks it will help the team, is known to air harsh opinions, even while knowing it will cause a conflict.
そのおかげでチームメートとの関係が悪化したことも過去にはあった。	In the past, this has caused a rift between him and his teammates.
バトラーはヒーローに若き日の自分を重ねているのだろう。	Butler may see some of his younger self in Herro.
チームメートにとって時に苛烈すぎるバトラーの性格は、それについて来るだけのガッツがある者には良き指針となる。	Though his fearsome countenance sometimes gets the better of other players, those with the fortitude to follow Butler receive excellent guidance.
互いに尊敬し合う2人の師弟関係がチーム全体へと波及すれば、ヒートはさらに上を目指せるチームになれるはずだ。	If this quality of mutual respect between pupil and teacher spreads through the ranks, then there will be no limit to what the Heat can do as a team.
島商 初回に主導権 ２０２０夏季静岡県高校野球大会４回戦 島田商―浜松城北工｜静岡新聞アットエス	Shimada Commercial Asserts Dominance from the Get-go in the 4th Game of the Summer 2020 Shizuoka Prefecture High School Baseball Tournament, Shimada Commercial vs Hamamatsu Johoku Tech | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
島田商―浜松城北工 １回裏島田商無死満塁、松浦が先制打を放つ＝草薙球場	Shimada Commercial vs Hamamatsu Johoku Tech: Great head start from Matsuura at the bottom of the 1st inning with the bases loaded and no outs for Shimada Commercial, Kusanagi Baseball Stadium
▽４回戦（草薙第１試合） 浜松城北工 ０００００００―０ ４１００００×―５ 島田商 ▽試合時間 １時間２６分	Game 4 (first game at Kusanagi): Hamamatsu Johoku Tech: 0000000–0, Shimada Commercial: 0410000X– 5; Game time: 1hr 26min
【評】島田商が序盤の好機をものにし、浜松城北工に完封勝ちした。	Summary: Shimada Commercial got a good chance early on and defeated Hamamatsu Johoku Tech in a shutout.
島田商は初回無死満塁で松浦の２点適時打で先制。	Shimada Commercial had the bases loaded with no outs in the 1st innings when Matsuura put them in the lead with a well-timed two-run hit.
内野ゴロとスクイズでさらに２点を加えた。	They added two more points with an infield grounder and a squeeze play.
投げては先発斎藤が６回を被安打１のみで無失点の好投を見せた。	As for pitching, starting pitcher Saito displayed some good pitching, with only one ball hit in the sixth inning, he did not concede any points.
浜松城北工は最終回の２死満塁の好機を生かせなかった。	In the final inning, Hamamatsu Johoku Tech failed to take advantage of a good opportunity, with two outs and the bases loaded.
■３年が導いた４回戦	■ Fourth game led by a third year student
２年松浦、感謝の先制打	Gratitude for the lead taken by second-year Matsuura.
相手の出はなをくじいたのは、今夏初出場となった２年の４番だった。	It was the second-year No. 4 player, making his first appearance this summer, who took the wind out of Johoku Tech's sails.
島田商の松浦が初回無死満塁で変化球をたたいて左前に運んだ。	With no outs and the bases loaded in the 1st inning, Shimada Commercial's Matsuura hit a curveball and sent it to the front left.
「３年は負けたら即引退。自分が打って勝たせたかった 」 。	"If we lost, it would be immediate retirement for the third years. I wanted to it to my hit that would bring us the win."
昨秋も４番を担った逸材は胸を張った。	The talented Matsuura, who also wore the No. 4 uniform last fall, swelled with pride.
１～３回戦は３年主体で戦い、力のある２年は控えに回っていた。	The first three innings were played mostly by the third years, with the powerful second years waiting their turn.
池田監督はミーティングで選手を集め 、 「 ここまで３年がつないでくれた。今後はベストメンバーで行く」とナインに伝えた。	Coach Ikeda gathered the players in a meeting and told the nine, "The last three years have bound us together. We'll go forward with our best members."
この日はスタメン９人のうち４人が２年で主軸を固めた。	On that day, they solidified their core, with four second years among the nine starting members.
非情にも映るが、真剣勝負に徹している証拠だ。	It may seem callous, but it proves they were playing the game in earnest.
松浦は「これからは相手投手のレベルも上がる。自分が走者を帰すつもりで臨む」と心強い。	Matsuura said reassuringly, "From now on, the level of the opposing pitchers is going to rise too. I'll face them with the intent of sending the runners home."
連投となった斎藤は６回を１安打に抑える好投で二塁すら踏ませず、３年の意地をのぞかせた。	Saito, who pitched in consecutive innings, showed the will of the third years, keeping the hits to one in the sixth inning and not letting anyone set foot on second base.
背番号１０は「２年が出ることで３年も刺激を受ける。勝利につながれば」と相乗効果として好意的な受け止めだ。	The player with No. 10 on his back cited the favorable catching as a synergistic effect, saying, "The second years going in also motivated the third years. I hope it leads to victory."
昨年までの静岡大会を合わせ３年連続で４強入りを狙うチームは、残り試合も思い出づくりにするつもりはない。	With the team aiming to break into the final four for the third consecutive year, including the Shizuoka tournament up through last year, the remaining games will not be just for making memories.
県民との歌声世界に 福島県ゆかりのミュージシャン１６人が結集（福島民報 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	16 Musicians Connected to Fukushima Join Forces, Singing to the World Together with Prefectural Citizens (Fukushima Minpo) - Yahoo! News
浜・中・会津の元気な歌声を世界中に届けたい － 。	We want to deliver the lively singing voices of Hamadori, Nakadori, and Aizu to the world.
福島県ゆかりのミュージシャン十六人が結集し、メッセージソングを作った。	The 16 musicians connected to Fukushima came together to create a message song.
東日本大震災と東京電力福島第一原発事故からの復興に向けて歩み、新型コロナウイルスと闘う福島県のひたむきな姿を歌詞に刻む。	In a step toward recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake and the TEPCO Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Accident, they immortalized in lyrics the earnest attitude of Fukushima prefecture in fighting COVID-19.
県民の歌声を吹き込み、震災十年の節目となる来年の夏までに"完全版"を仕上げる。	They have recorded vocals by prefectural residents and will complete the final version of the song by next summer, which will mark the milestone of 10 years since the disaster.
二十四日、曲を動画投稿サイト「ユーチューブ」で公開した。	The song was made public on the video posting site YouTube on the 24th.
曲名は「Ｐｒａｙ ｆｒｏｍ Ｆｕｋｕｓｈｉｍａ（プレイ・フロム・フクシマ ） 」 。	The name of the song is "Pray from Fukushima".
人々の前向きな姿勢を「福島から伝えたい」との思いを明るく元気なメロディーに乗せる。	The positive attitude of the people and what they want to communicate from Fukushima is set to a bright and lively melody.
新型コロナの影響で音楽活動の拠点となるライブハウスは休業に追い込まれ、ミュージシャンの多くは歌や演奏を披露する場を失った。	With the live music venues that provide a platform for music activities forced to close due to the impact of COVID-19, many musicians are without a place to sing or perform.
先が見えない時だからこそ、音楽の力を信じようと、南相馬市在住のシンガー・ソングライターｎａｐｐｏ（ナッポ）さん（４６ ） 、 いわき市の音楽グループ「メヒカリボーイズ」のＤＡＺＵ－Ｏ（ダズオ）さん（３７）が企画した。	It was planned by singer-songwriter nappo (46), a resident of Minami Soma city, and DAZU-O (37) of the Iwaki city music group Mehikari Boyz, hoping that people will believe in the power of music, especially at a time when we don't know what lies ahead.
ナッポさんは作詞と作曲、ダズオさんはラップを担当する。	nappo handled the lyrics and songwriting and DAZU-O provided the rapping.
コロナ禍の三月に企画がスタートすると、福島市出身のシンガー・ソングライターＭＡＮＡＭＩ（マナミ）さん（２８ ） 、 菅野潤さん（３８）らが次々と賛同し、瞬く間に輪が広がった。	Planning began in March during the pandemic and the circle expanded in the blink of an eye, with successive endorsements by singer-songwriter MANAMI (28) from Fukushima city, Jun Kanno (38), and others.
ナッポさんは「平常時では考えられない豪華な顔ぶれになった。この機会を存分に楽しみたい」と感無量の面持ちで話す。	Looking overwhelmed with emotion, nappo says, "It turned into an incredible lineup that would be unimaginable in normal times. I want to enjoy this opportunity to the fullest."
感染対策として十六人が集まる機会は設けず、それぞれがライブハウスや自宅で収録した。	To prevent the risk of infection, they did not set up an opportunity for the 16 to get together, instead recording their parts from separate live music venues and their homes.
企画を後押ししようと、いわき市の絵師こあさんがイメージキャラクターを描き下ろした。	To further support the plan, an image character was comissioned from Koa-san, a painter from Iwaki city.
福島県をかたどり、青と緑で自然豊かな風土を表現している。	It is modeled on Fukushima prefecture and expresses the topography of its rich nature in blue and green.
完成した曲はユーチューブで世界に発信し、ＣＤ化も目指す。	The musicians aim to broadcast the final version on YouTube, and release it on CD.
来年は震災から十年を迎え、延期となった東京五輪・パラリンピックの開催も予定される。	Next year will mark 10 years since the disaster in Fukushima, and it is also when thepostponed Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics are planned to be held.
ダズオさんは「困難を乗り越えてきた私たちが背負うものは大きい。節目で曲を発表することで、多くの人の励みになればうれしい」と語った。	DAZU-O said, "There is a large burden on those of us who have overcome difficulties. I'll be happy if we can present this song on the milestone and encourage many people."
他の参加ミュージシャンは次の通り。	The other participating musicians are as follows.
ロケット発射、２６日に延期 北海道の宇宙ベンチャー｜静岡新聞アットエス	Hokkaido Space Venture Suffers Setback as Rocket Launch Postponed to 26th | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
北海道大樹町の宇宙ベンチャー「インターステラテクノロジズ」は２５日、同日予定していた自社開発の小型ロケット「ＭＯＭＯ（モモ ） 」 ７号機の打ち上げを強風のため２６日に延期すると発表した。	Interstellar Technologies, a space venture based in the town of Taiki, Hokkaido, announced on the 25th that the launch of its privately-developed small-lift rocket, MOMO 7, scheduled for that day, would be postponed to the 26th due to strong winds.
機体は全長約１０メートル、直径約５０センチ、重さ約１トン。	The fuselage is approximately 10m long in total, approximately 50cm in diameter, and weighs about 1 ton.
当初の打ち上げは１８日の予定だったが天候不良のため延期。	The launch was originally scheduled for the 18th but was postponed due to inclement weather.
１９日にはエンジンに着火しないトラブルがあり発射を見送っていた。	The launch was again put off on the 19th due to an issue in which the engine did not ignite.
同社は昨年５月、民間企業としては国内で初めてロケットを宇宙空間に到達させており、商業化に弾みをつけるため２回目の成功を目指している。	Last May, Interstellar Technologies became the first private company in the country to have a rocket reach outer space, and it is aiming for its second success, with the hope of providing momentum for commercialization.
新型コロナ 仙台市で新たに２人の感染確認 （TBC東北放送 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Two new cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Sendai (Tohoku Broadcasting) - Yahoo!News
仙台市で新たに５０代と６０代の男性が、新型コロナウイルスに感染していたことが分かりました。	Two new cases of COVID-19 have been discovered in Sendai, as it has come to light that a man in his fifties and a man in his sixties have contracted the virus.
感染が確認されたのは、いずれも仙台市に住む５０代と６０代の男性会社員です。	Both cases are male office workers who live in Sendai, one in his fifties, and one in his sixties.
仙台市によりますと、このうち６０代の男性は、今月２３日に、感染が確認された２０代の女性会社員の濃厚接触者で、同じ会社に勤務していたということです。	According to city officials, the man in his sixties had come into close contact with a female colleague in her twenties who is known to have contracted the virus, on the 23rd of this month.
今月１２日から頭痛や下痢などの症状を訴え２５日感染が確認されました。	The man had complained of symptoms such as a headache and diarrhea since the 12th, and it was confirmed that he had been infected on the 25th.
また５０代の男性は今月１９日に頭痛などの症状を訴え、２５日感染が確認されました。	Similarly, the man in his fifties had been suffering from a headache on the 19th, and infection was confirmed on the 25th.
男性は今月中旬に北海道を訪れていたということですが、感染経路は分かっていません。	He had travelled to Hokkaido during the month, but the route of the infection is unknown.
県内の感染者は累計で１４２人となりました。	These bring the total number of cases within the prefecture to 142 people.
ネット情報から危機発生を瞬時に検知、デマも判定（JBpress ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Instant Detection of Crisis Occurrence From Internet Information, Also Identifies Misinformation (JBpress) - Yahoo! News
「どこでどんな災害や事故が発生したのかをいち早く知りたい ！ 」	"I want to know what disasters and incidents are occurring where as soon as possible!"
これはテレビや新聞などの報道機関に限らず、社会インフラ企業や自治体など多くの企業でも強いニーズがある。	This strong need is held not only by newspapers, television, and other news organizations, but also by social infrastructure companies and local governments.
それに応えるサービスが、AIによる情報解析を手掛けるSpecteeが開発した「スペクティ」である。	A service to address this need is "Sepctee," developed by Spectee, which handles information analysis using AI.
【写真】スペクティからのアラートで専門チームがソーシャルメディア情報の真偽を判定する	(Photo) A specialized team determines the authenticity of social media information after alerts from Spectee.
いま、人々が災害や事故の発生を最初に知る手段が、テレビからネット情報（ソーシャルメディア）に移り始めている。	At present, the means through which people get information about the disasters and accidents happening is starting to shift from television to internet information (social media).
Twitterなどのソーシャルメディアは、災害や事故が発生した直後に情報を発信する重要なメディアになっている。	Social media such as Twitter has become crucial for transmitting information directly after the onset of an accident or disaster.
ただ、あふれかえる情報を常にウォッチし、その中から有用な情報を抜き出す作業は人手では困難だ。	However, it is difficult to constantly monitor and manually extract what is useful from the overflowing information.
スペクティはTwitter、Instagram、Facebookなどのソーシャルメディアを流れる情報から自然災害や事故に関するものを検出して内容を解析し、情報の真偽を判定したうえで利用企業に配信する機能を持つ。	Spectee has the faculty to detect information related to natural disasters and accidents from the information circulating on social media such as Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook, and after analyzing the content and upon determining the truth or falsehood of the information, will transmit it to corporations.
「社会活動を停止・停滞させるようなネガティブなインパクトのある事象を幅広く"危機"と位置づけ 」 （ 村上建治郎代表取締役CEO ） 、 国内外で発生しているさまざまな危機を可視化する危機管理支援サービスだ。	"We asses a wide range of events that have the negative impact of stopping or delaying society's activities as 'crises'," (Murakami Kenjiro, Representative Director CEO), it is a crisis management support service that visualizes various crises occurring domestically and overseas.
2016年4月に発生した熊本地震のときのNHKが、スペクティの最初の大きな利用事例で、その後、採用の動きが企業間に急速に広がった。	NHK, at the time of the Kumamoto earthquake that occurred in April, 2016, was the first major case to utilize Spectee, and after that the move to implement it among companies has spread rapidly.
テレビ局や新聞社をはじめとする報道機関だけでなく、電力・ガスや運輸といった社会インフラを支える企業や、全国各地の自治体など国内350社以上が現在スペクティを使っているという。	It is stated that over 350 companies are using Spectee, including not only news outlets such as television stations and newspapers, but also companies that support social infrastructure such as electric, gas and transportation, as well as local governments across the country.
■ 投稿を解析して「危機」の種類と発生場所を判定	Analyzing posts and determining the type and location of "crises"
スペクティは「情報の収集 」 、 「解析および内容分類 」 、 「タイトル付け 」 、 「真偽判定」という4つのステップを踏んで情報を配信する。	Spectee distributes information by taking four steps: "information gathering," "analysis and content classification," "setting titles," and "judging authenticity."
利用企業は、情報を収集する地域（都道府県や市区町村など ） 、 危機のカテゴリー（災害や事故など）をあらかじめ指定しておく。	User companies specify in advance the region (prefecture, administrative district, or city, town, village etc.) and crisis category (natural disaster, accidents, etc.) for information collection.
スペクティは、その指定に該当する投稿を、ソーシャルメディアが提供しているAPIを使って収集する。	Spectee uses the API provided by social media to gather posts that apply to these specifications.
続いて、収集した投稿に含まれるテキスト、画像、動画を解析し、分類する。	Then, it analyzes and categorizes the text, images, and videos contained in those posts.
例えば、消防車が映っていて、建物から黒い煙が上がっていて、部屋からオレンジ色の炎が出ている、という動画が上がっていれば 、 「 火災」に分類する。	For example, if a video is posted that shows a fire engine, black smoke rising from a building, and orange flames coming out from the roof, it will be classified under "fire."
そのほか、横転した自動車の画像なら「交通事故 」 、 水をかぶった道路の画像なら「道路冠水」のように分類する。	In addition, it will classify an image of an overturned vehicle under "traffic accident," or streets submerged in water as "road flooding."
スペクティは、災害や事故の発生場所の推定も行う。	Spectee also makes an estimate of the location where the disaster or accident has occurred.
「投稿から場所がわからないことが多いので、さまざまな情報を組み合わせて推定している」と村上CEOは話す。	"There are many cases in which the location is unknown based on a post, so the estimate is made by combining a variety of information" said CEO Murakami.
例えば、画像や動画に道路標識や看板が映り込んでいれば、そこから地名の情報を抽出し、地名データベースと照合して場所を特定する。	For example, if a road sign or sign board appears in an image or video, information about location names will be extracted from there and compared against a database of locations to determine where it is.
エンゼルス、開幕戦はサヨナラ負け...大谷は5の1、9回は満塁で3球三振（ベースボールキング ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Angels lose the opening game ... Otani, one for five, strikes out in the 9th inning, on three pitches with the bases loaded (Baseball King) --Yahoo! News
○ アスレチックス 7x － 3 エンゼルス ● ＜現地時間7月24日 オークランド・コロシアム＞ エンゼルスの大谷翔平選手（26）が24日（日本時間25日 ） 、 敵地で行われたアスレチックスとの開幕戦に「3番・指名打者」でスタメン出場。	○ Athletics 7x - 3 Angels ● <Oakland Coliseum, July 24, local time> Ohtani Shohei (26) of the Angels was No.3 in the opening game against Athletics held on enemy territory on the 24th (25th, Japan time), participating in the starting lineup as a designated hitter.
初回に今季初安打となる中前打を放ったものの、その後の4打席は凡退し5打数1安打1三振の成績だった。	Although he got his first hit of the season to center field, he was retired in his next four at-bats, resulting in one hit and one strikeout in five at-bats.
大谷は3回、一死一塁で再びモンタナと対戦し遊ゴロ。	Otani played against Montana again in the third inning with one out and a man on first base.
1－1で迎えた5回の第3打席は、一死一塁で2番手右腕・ペティットと対戦しここも遊ゴロに倒れた。	In the 5th inning, his third at-bat, the score 1-1, one out and a man on base, he faced his second right-hander, Pettit, and grounded out.
2－1と1点リードで迎えた8回の第4打席は、先頭打者として5番手左腕のディークマンと対峙。	In the 8th inning, in his fourth at-bat, score 2-1 leading by a run, as a lead-off batter, he faced Diekman, the No. 5 left-hander.
2球目の真っ直ぐをいい角度で逆方向へ弾き返したが、フェンスオーバーとはならず左飛に倒れた。	He hit the second pitch straight to the opposite field at a good angle, but it did not go over the fence and fell into left-field.
エンゼルスは1点リードで迎えた8回裏、救援右腕のバトリーが2点を失い逆転を許すも、あとがなくなった9回表、新加入捕手の7番・カストロが今季チーム1号となるソロ弾を右翼席へ。	In the bottom of the 8th inning leading by one run, the Angels gave up two runs to the right-hander reliever, Buttrey, and allowed a lead change, but in the top of the 9th inning, the new catcher, the No. 7 hitter Castro, hits the team's first solo home run this season, taking it to the right field seats.
土壇場で3－3の同点に追いついた。	In that inning, they caught up to tie the game at 3-3.
その後、二死一、二塁とし打順は2番・トラウト。	After that, the batter was the No.2 hitter, Trout, with two outs and runners on 1st and 2nd base.
アスレチックスベンチはここでトラウトを申告敬遠し、二死満塁で大谷勝負を選択した。	The Athletics intentionally walked Trout, and gambled on Otani, with two outs, bases loaded.
勝ち越し打が期待された大谷だったが、アスレチックス守護神・ヘンドリックスの前に3球三振。	Hoping Otani makes a winning hit, he struck out three pitches from Hendrix, the savior of the Athletics.
試合は9回では決着つかず、今季特例の無死二塁から始まる延長戦に入った。	The game was still undecided in the 9th inning, and went into extra innings, starting with no outs and with man on second base, which is a special rule for this season.
大谷は9回最後の打者だったため、二塁走者に。	Since Otani was the last batter in the 9th inning, he became the runner on 2nd base.
エンゼルスは10回表、先頭の代打・ウォルシュが痛烈な一塁ゴロを放つも、この打球を好捕した一塁・オルソンは三塁へ送球。	In the top of the 10th inning, the Angels first batter, Walsh, hit a strong grounder to first base, but the first baseman Olson, who caught the ball nicely, threw the ball to third base.
二、三塁間で挟まれた大谷はタッチアウトとなった。	Otani, who was caught in between second and third base was tagged out.
エンゼルスはその後、二死満塁としたが、最後は8番・シモンズが二ゴロに倒れた。	After that, the Angels had two outs with the bases loaded, but in the end, the No. 8 hitter, Simmons, grounded out to second base.
その裏、エンゼルスはイニングをまたぎ続投したロブレスが死球と暴投などで一死二、三塁のピンチ。	At the bottom of the inning, Robles, who continued to pitch throughout the innings, hit a batter and threw a wild pitch, and was in a pinch with men on second and third base.
ここでマッドン新監督は内野を5人にするシフトを敷くも、ロブレスは4番・デービスを四球で歩かせ満塁。	Then, Maddon, the new manager, shifted the infield to five players, but Robles walked the No. 4 hitter Davis, now the bases were loaded.
代わった左腕のミルナーが、5番・オルソンにサヨナラとなる満塁弾を右翼席へ運ばれ勝負が決した。	Milner, a left-handed reliever, was homered off by the No.5 hitter, Olson, with a walk-off home run to the right field seats, and the game was over.
再び孤立状態に...喬木村33世帯56人 増水で仮の橋流される 26日にかけ県南部中心に激しい雨の恐れ（NBS長野放送 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	56 residents in 33 homes in Takagi left stranded again when rising waters wash away temporary bridge, amid fears that heavy rains will continue in the southern part of the prefecture into the 26th (Nagano Broadcasting Systems) - Yahoo!News
長野県内は26日にかけ南部を中心に激しい雨となる恐れがあり、中部と南部は土砂災害に警戒が必要です。	Heavy rain is forecast to continue in the southern part of Nagano prefecture into the 26th, bringing with it a risk of landslides in the central and southern regions.
喬木村では通行止めの県道のう回路が流され、再び住民が孤立しています。	In the village of Takagi, a detour for the currently closed prefectural highway has been washed away, leaving residents stranded once again.
増水した川に土のうや仮の橋が飲まれ、流されていきます。	Sandbags and a temporary bridge where engulfed by the rising waters of the river, and washed away.
午前3時過ぎ、県飯田建設事務所が喬木村に設置した監視カメラがとらえました。	A surveillance camera installed in the village by the Iida Prefectural Construction Office caught the moment the bridge was washed away, just after three o'clock in the morning.
ここは、土砂崩れで通行止めになった県道に代えて、河川敷に作ったう回路で、17日から住民の車に限って通れるようになっていました。	The detour had been constructed on the banks of the river to provide an alternative route to the prefectural highway which is currently closed due to a landslide, and was available for residents to use from the 17th.
これで、大島地区の33世帯56人が再び孤立状態になり、飯田建設事務所では水が引き次第、復旧工事にかかりたいとしています。	Due to the collapse of the bridge 56 residents in 33 homes in Oshima district are stranded once again, although the Iida construction office has confirmed that they want to carry out reconstruction work once the water has subsided.
梅雨前線に向かって暖かく湿った空気が流れこみ、県内は26日にかけて1時間に30ミリ以上の激しい雨が降る所がある見込みです。	As warm, humid air flows towards the seasonal rain front, heavy rain is expected to continue in the prefecture into the 26th, with some places experiencing rainfall of over 30mm per hour.
26日午後6時までの24時間予想降水量は、多い所で中部で80ミリ、南部120ミリとなっていて、中部と南部では26日夜遅くにかけて土砂災害に警戒が必要です。	The predicted precipitation for the 24 hours up to 6pm on the 26th is expected to reach up to 80mm in areas of the central region, and 120mm in the southern region, and residents are urged to careful of potential landslides in the central and southern regions into the early hours of the 26th.
気象台は佐久・諏訪・木曽地域に大雨警報を出しています。	The meteorological observatory has issued heavy rain warnings for Saku, Suwa and Kiso districts.
「ズル混み 」 「 うちんち」って通じないの ... ... ？	"Zurukomi" and "Uchinchi" what do they mean ... ...?
千葉県民に聞いた"マジで方言じゃないと思ってた言葉 " （ ねとらぼ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	We ask Chiba residents, "Words I thought weren't really dialects"  (Netorabo) --Yahoo! News
東京都に近い千葉県民です。	I am a citizen of Chiba prefecture near Tokyo.
生まれてから30年弱、同県に住んでいます。	I have lived in this prefecture for about 30 years since I was born.
「横入り」を意味する「ズル混み」は、大学（東京）の友達との会話で使ったら、一瞬キョトンとされました。	When I said "Zurukomi", which means "cutting in", in a conversation with a friend from college (Tokyo), it was met with a blank stare.
流れと語感で意味は分かってもらえましたが、東京都民、埼玉県民から「使わない」と言われましたね。	The word was understood in the context of the sentence and sound, but the people of Tokyo and Saitama told me they "don't say that".
― ― 確かに「ズル混み→ズルして横入りすることかな ？ 」	― ― Does it mean, “Zurukomi → Be sneaky(zuru) and cut in?”
とつながりそうなので、意味は何となく推測できそう。	It seems to make sense, so the meaning can be guessed somehow.
それから、もう1つ。	One more thing.
これは指摘されて気付いたわけではないですが 、 「 私の家」を意味する「うちんち」という表現は本などを読んでいても全く使われておらず、友人からも聞かないなと、大人になってから調べてみたら方言でした。	It wasn't like this was pointed out to me, but the expression "Uchinchi", which means "my house," is never seen in books or whatnot, and since my friends have never heard of it, I looked it up after I became an adult and found out it was a dialect.
― ― えっ 、 「 うちんち」って ... ... そうだったんですか？	― ― Really?! “Uchinchi” ... ... I never knew?
私の地元（群馬県）でも使うんですが、大人になってから自然と使わなくなったせいか、気付きませんでした ... ... 。	I use it in my hometown (Gunma prefecture), but I didn't realize because I stopped using it naturally after I became an adult.
日本の「冷やし中華」は中国人ウケしない ... ？	Japan's "hiyashi chuka" not a hit with Chinese people...?
「冷たい麺料理」不人気のワケ（現代ビジネス ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The reason behind "chilled noodle dishes'" unpopularity - Yahoo!News
中国で冷やし中華は「日式冷麺」	In China, hiyashi chuka is called "Japanese cold noodles."
冒頭に述べたように、冷やし中華は、中国の「涼拌面 (リャンバンミエン/冷やし混ぜそば) 」 をベースに考案された、日本発祥の中華料理 (日式中華) である。	As previously stated, hiyashi chuka, invented based off of China's "liang ban mian (chilled stirred noodles)," is a Chinese dish of Japanese origin (Japanese-style Chinese Cuisine).
従って、もともと中国には存在しないのだが、食の多様化から、夏になると日本料理店で見かけるようになってきた。	Therefore, although it never really exists in China, with food diversification, it has come to be seen there in the summer at Japanese restaurants.
また最近、日系のコンビニでは 、 『 日式蕎麦涼面/蕎麦冷やし中華』や 、 『 川香鶏絲涼面/四川風鶏冷やし中華』と銘打ったアレンジ商品も登場している。	Also, adapted products with names such as "Japanese Style Soba Liang Mian/Soba Hiyashi Chuka" and "Sichuan Chicken Liang Mian/Sichuan-style Chicken Hiyashi Chuka" are recently popping up at Japanese-run convenience stores.
一方、四川料理や湖南料理といった、流行りのパンチの効いた中華料理に押され、中国で日式中華の人気は総じて高くない。	However, in China the popularity of this Japanese-style Chinese dishes is generally not high, pushed out by trendy Chinese cuisines that pack a punch, such as Sichuan cuisine and Hunan cuisine.
当然のことだが、日式中華の味付けは、中国人にとっても馴染みがあることが多い。	Naturally, the flavors of Japanese-style Chinese cuisine is often familiar to Chinese people as well.
それ故、不味くはないが、インパクトに乏しいと、酷評されてしまう傾向にあるのだ。	For that reason, though not as terrible, it does tend to be criticized as lacking in impressiveness.
「冷やし中華」もその例外ではなく、中国では未だマイナーな存在である。	"Hiyashi chuka" is not an exception to this, and remains a modest presence.
因みに、中国で冷やし中華の名称は 、 「 日式冷麺 」 。	Incidentally, the name for hiyashi chuka in China is "Japanese-style chilled noodles."
中国人には、日本料理の一つとして認識されている。	For Chinese people, it is perceived as a Japanese dish.
夏の定番は「涼皮（リャンピー ） 」	The summer staple is "Liangpi".
中国で、夏を感じる麺料理といえば「涼皮 (リャンピー) 」 ではないだろうか。	In China, when it comes to a summery noodle dish, it is "liangpi."
日本では、馴染みがない人も多いと思うが、涼皮は、陕西 (シャンシー) 省発祥の小麦粉や米粉、デンプン等で作られた平打ち麺。	Though in Japan many people may not be familiar with it, liangpi is a flat noodle made from wheat, rice, or starch that originated in the Shanxi province.
実に2000年もの歴史があると言われている。	In fact, it is said to have a more than 2000 years of history.
屋台でも販売されているB級グルメの定番で、価格は10～20元 (150～300円) 前後と、非常にリーズナブルだ。	It is a staple of the gourmet street food fare sold at food stalls, and at a price of 10~20 yuan (150~300 yen) it is extremely reasonable.
「涼」という文字が入っているが、日本の冷やし中華のように、氷でしめる事はしない。	It does include the character "chilled," but liangpi is not shocked with ice like Japan's hiyashi chuka.
むしろ常温が基本である。	Rather, room temperature is the standard.
麺の上に、千切りにしたキュウリやニンジン、茹でたモヤシなど、好みの具材をトッピングし、パクチー、唐辛子、生姜、ニンニクといった薬味を加える。	Preferred toppings such as matchstick cucumbers and carrots or boiled bean sprouts are placed on top of the noodles, and condiments like cilantro, chili pepper, vinegar and garlic are added on.
最後に醤油やラー油、お酢、胡麻ペーストやピーナッツペーストなどを混合した、特製調味料をかけて完成。	A special seasoning mix of soy sauce, chili oil, vinegar, tahini and peanut paste is topped as a finishing touch.
喉越しがよく、プルプルしている麺に、酸味が爽やかで濃厚なピリ辛いタレがよく絡みつき、夏バテ気味で食欲がない時でもスルッと入ってしまう。	Together with the smooth noodles, the tartness is refreshing and intertwines with the richness of the spicy sauce while going down smoothly even when appetites are low in the heat of summer.
また、中国全土に浸透しているため、様々なトッピングや味付けが存在し、バリエーションが豊富なことも涼皮の特徴であり、楽しみ方の一つである。	In addition, because it has permeated all of China, it is known for its range of varieties with many different types toppings and seasonings, and is enjoyed as such.
専門家が解説！	We asked an expert!
「冷水シャワー」が体と心にもたらすメリット（コスモポリタン ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The benefits that cold showers have for your body and mind (Cosmopolitan) - Yahoo!News
筋肉痛などの炎症を抑える	Suppressing inflammation such as muscle pain
「The North American Journal of Medical Sciences」に掲載された、ハイドロセラピー（水を使った治療法）の有効性を調べた研究では、肉体的かつ精神的な治癒への効果が期待できることが判明。	A study published in The North American Journal of Medical Sciences that examined the effectiveness of hydrotherapy (a type of treatment that uses water) found that it seems to have a promising effect on physical and mental recovery.
運動後に冷水を浴びることによって、筋肉痛やその他の炎症作用を抑えることができるのだそう。	It seems that by showering with cold water after exercising, muscle pain and other inflammatory symptoms can be reduced.
スポーツ医学を研究する「Korey Stringer Institute」の責任者で、コネチカット大学で教鞭をとるダグラス・カサ教授によると 、 「 運動をして、できるだけ時間をあけずに冷水シャワーを浴びることが大切です。体を動かした後、すぐに体温を下げることで、運動による炎症や疲労からのリカバリーが早くなります」とのこと。	According to Professor Douglas Casa, CEO of the Korey Stringer Institute sports medicine research facility, who holds a teaching position at the University of Connecticut, "After exercising, it's important to take a cold shower as soon as possible. By lowering the body temperature soon after you finish physical exertion, your recovery from both the fatigue and the inflammation caused by exercise will be quicker."
疲労を軽減する	Reduce fatigue
気温が高いなかで運動をすると、心臓や筋肉、皮膚が通常より多くの血流を必要とするようになるのだそう。	If you exercise when it's hot, your heart, muscles and skin need more blood pumping around them than normal.
「運動時、心拍数が高くなるため心臓への血流が多くなり、筋肉を収縮させるためにエネルギーを要するので筋血流が増えます。また皮膚に関しては、体温の調節のために多くの血が流れこむのです」とカサ教授。	Professor Casa explains, "When you exercise, your heart rate increases, which in turn increases the blood flow to the heart, and you require energy to contract your muscles, so the blood flow to your muscles increases. When it comes to your skin, you have a lot of blood flowing to your skin so that you can regulate your body temperature."
「冷水シャワーを浴びることで皮膚の温度が下がるため、皮膚に送られる血流量を抑えることができます。その代わりに、胃腸などの内臓に血流を送られるので、水分と栄養が運動後も摂取しやすくなるのです。結果、運動後に感じる疲労を軽減することができます」	"A cold shower will reduce your skin temperature, thereby reducing the flow of blood to the skin. Instead, blood is routed to internal organs such as your stomach and intestines, which makes it easier to absorb fluids and nutrients after exercise. As a result, you feel less fatigued after exercise."
ホルミシス効果に期待	Can induce the effect of hormesis
ドロゼフスキーさんは、冷水を浴びることで「ホルミシス効果」の発動が期待できるとも説明します。	Professor Droszewski also explains how a cold shower can induce the effect of hormesis.
ホルミシス効果とは、体にとって有害な物質やストレスは、全くないよりも、少しだけある方がいいという考え方。	The idea of hormesis is that it is better for your body to undergo small amounts of stress and harmful substances rather than none at all.
「低酸素運動やプチ断食、そして冷水シャワーは、健康のためのホルミシス効果が期待できる代表例です。冷水シャワーをすることで、ホルモンや神経伝達物質が刺激され、肉体的・身体的な強靭性と回復力を伸ばすことができるのです」	"Exercising in low oxygen conditions, intermittent fasting and cold showers are all common examples of hormesis that can promote good health. Taking a cold shower stimulates your hormones and neurotransmitters, which can lead to stronger physical tenacity and resilience."
静岡県スポーツサポーター、自転車２チームを委嘱｜静岡新聞アットエス	Shizuoka Prefecture Sports Supporter Commissions 2 Cycling Teams | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
ふじのくにスポーツサポーターの委嘱プレートを受け取る平野選手（中央）ら＝小山町	Cyclist Hirano (center) and others accepting commission plates from Fujinokuni Sports Supporter: Oyama town
静岡県は２４日、県内のスポーツ振興に協力する「ふじのくにスポーツサポーター」に、県東部の二つの自転車競技チームを委嘱した。	In Shizuoka prefecture on the 24th, two competitive cycling teams from the eastern part of the prefecture were commissioned by Fujinokuni Sports Supporter, which cooperates to promote sports in the prefecture.
三島市拠点の「チームブリヂストンサイクリング」と富士市拠点の「レバンテフジ静岡 」 。	Team Bridgestone Cycling is based in Mishima city, and Levante Fuji Shizuoka in Fuji city.
小山町の富士スピードウェイで川勝平太知事から委嘱プレートを受けたチームブリヂストンサイクリングの平野星矢選手は「チーム一丸となって県民と一緒に自転車競技を盛り上げたい」と抱負を述べた。	Hirano Seiya of Team Bridgestone Cycling, who was there to receive the commission plate from Governor Kawakatsu Heita at the Fuji Speedway in Oyama town, stated his aspirations, "I want the team to join together with prefectural residents and make cycling competitions even more exciting."
レバンテフジ静岡は清水周一執行役員兼地域戦略室長が委嘱プレートを受け取った。	Levante Fuji Shizuoka received their comission plate from Executive Officer and Regional Strategy Office Manager Shimizu Shuichi.
阪神・大山、２戦連発７号！	Hanshin • Oyama, 7th home run two games in a row!
矢野監督「見ていて風格ある 」 （ サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Manager Yano "Looking  dignified" (Sankei Sports) --Yahoo! News
（セ・リーグ、中日２－５阪神、７回戦、阪神４勝３敗、２４日、ナゴヤＤ）４番の勢いが止まらない。	(Central League, Nagoya D on the 24th, Chunichi 2-5 Hanshin, seventh game, Hanshin 4 wins, 3 losses) The momentum of No. 4 continues.
高々と舞い上がった打球は左翼席中段へと着弾。	The ball soared and landed in the middle rows of the left field seats.
大山が２戦連続のアーチを放ち、ダイヤモンドを一周。	Oyama hits a homer for two consecutive games and goes around the diamond.
ベンチに戻ると白い歯をのぞかせた。	When he returned to the bench, he showed his pearly whites.
「いいスイングができている中で、狙い球を絞って、思い切ってスイングをすることができました」	"While I've been making good swings, I focused on this one ball and took the full swing."
０－２の四回、先頭で打席に入った。	He entered his turn at bat in the 4th inning, 0-2.
初球から積極的に振っていき、ファウルの後の２球目。	Swinging aggressively from the beginning, he fouled off the first pitch, then came pitch number 2.
大野雄の甘く入った１３４キロスライダーを見逃さなかった。	He didn't miss the so-so 134 km slider from Ohno Yudai.
芯でとらえた打球は打った瞬間にスタンドインと確信するほどの完璧な当たり。	A perfect hit, the moment the ball hit the sweet spot of the bat, it was surely in the stands.
前日２３日の広島戦（甲子園）に続く２試合続けての一発は反撃ののろしとなった。	Following the previous day's game against Hiroshima (Koshien) on the 23rd, the hits in two consecutive games were the sign of a comeback.
苦手としていた相手から打った、価値ある一本でもあった。	It was also a valuable hit off a pitcher that is his nemesis.
大野雄に対しては１７日に甲子園で対戦したときは９安打４得点と攻略。	When he played against Ohno Yudai at Koshien on the 17th, he tallied nine hits and four runs.
だが、ナゴヤドームに限れば、過去通算１２試合で７勝１敗１ホールドを許し、２０１３年８月２３日から引き分けを挟んで７連敗中と苦しめられていた。	However, as for games at Nagoya Dome, he has allowed seven wins, one loss and one no-decision in the past 12 games, and suffered from seven consecutive losses since August 23, 2013 with a tie in between.
そんな難敵からナゴヤドームでは２３イニングぶり（途中降板も１イニングにカウント）となる得点を豪快な一発で奪い、試合の流れを渡さなかった。	He got the hit for the first time in 23 innings with a spectacular swing off such a difficult opponent at Nagoya Dome (despite the pitcher being replaced mid-inning, it still counts as an inning pitched) and did not allow the opponent a chance.
矢野監督も「甘い球をしっかり仕留められるというのはレベルが高い。見ていて風格もあるし、打ってるタイミングがファウルでも雰囲気がある。まだまだ打ってくれると思う」とさらなる爆発に期待を込めた。	Manager Yano commented, "He is highly skilled to be able to take firm advantage of a weak pitch. Even when timing is off and results in a foul ball, he hits with great form. I think he will continue to hit.", expecting continued success.
一回には右前打を放っており、これで６試合連続安打＆３試合連続の複数安打をマーク。	He hit into right-field in the first inning, marking six consecutive hits and three consecutive games with multiple hits.
開幕は控えスタートとなったが、７本塁打、１６打点はすでにチームトップと４番として申し分ない働きをしている。	At the start of the season, he started as a second stringer, but with seven home runs and 16 RBIs, he is now working perfectly as the team leader and No.4 batter.
勝利のため、これから結果を残し続けていく。	He will continue to show results, helping contribute to the team's victories.
（菊地峻太朗）	(Kikuchi Shuntaro)
岩渕ＨＣ「メダルへ団結」 ラグビー７人制男子、４カ月ぶり合宿（産経新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Iwabuchi HC "Unite for medals" Men's Rugby Sevens, training camp for the first time in 4 months (Sankei Shimbun) --Yahoo! News
ラグビー７人制男子日本代表の岩渕健輔ヘッドコーチ（ＨＣ）が２５日、オンラインで報道陣の取材に応じ、来年に延期された東京五輪について「一致団結して、目標のメダル獲得に向けてやっていきたい」と決意を述べた。	Iwabuchi Kensuke, head coach(HC) for Japan's Rugby Sevens team, gave an online interview on the 25th, commenting to the press on the postponed Tokyo Olympics resolving that "We want to continue moving forward and uniting to win medals at the Tokyo Olympics".
五輪延期を受け、２０１６年リオデジャネイロ五輪代表主将の桑水流（くわずる）裕策（コカ・コーラ）や同五輪代表で１５人制の１９年ワールドカップでも活躍した福岡堅樹（パナソニック）らがチームを離脱。	Following Olympic's postponement, the Captain from the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics, Kuwazuru Yusaku (Coca-Cola) and fellow Olympian Fukuoka Kenki (Panasonic), who also participated in the 15-a-side 2019 Rugby World Cup, both left the team.
指揮官は「もちろん影響は大きいが、一緒に戦える選手で前に進んでいく」と力をこめた。	The coach stressed that "it affected us no doubt, but we will move forward with players who can play together."
チームはこの日から東京と大分に分かれて代表候補合宿を開始。	The team started their training camp for the nation's representative from this day, dividing into Tokyo and Oita.
宿泊を伴う合宿は３月以来で、２８日まで行われるが、新型コロナウイルスの感染防止対策としてコンタクトを伴う練習は実施しないという。	It is the first time since March that a residential training camp will be held, and will run until the 28th, but there will be no practice involving bodily contact as precautionary measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
代表は来季から７人制ワールドシリーズ（ＷＳ）の全戦に出場できる上位グループ復帰が決まったが、世界を転戦するＷＳ自体の開催が不透明なため、岩渕ＨＣは代表の入国を認める国に相手を絞り、強化試合を交渉していると明かした。	The national team will return next season as one of the top groups that will play in all games at the Sevens World Series (WS), but as the WS, which holds games around the world, is not clear on whether it is even hosting matches at all, Iwabuchi HC has revealed that the team is negotiating warm-up matches with contenders that allow the national team to enter their countries.
『医療従事者』が感染 長野県内では初 諏訪赤十字病院の40代女性 接触者全員にPCR検査実施へ（NBS長野放送 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	First female "Healthcare worker" in her 40s infected in Nagano Prefecture's Suwa Red Cross Hospital, PCR tests to be conducted for everyone in contact (NBS Nagano Broadcasting) --Yahoo! News
長野県諏訪市の40代の女性が新型コロナウイルスに感染していることがわかりました。	A woman in her 40s in Suwa City, Nagano Prefecture, was infected with the new coronavirus.
諏訪赤十字病院の職員で、医療従事者の感染は県内で初めてです。	This is the first case for a medical worker of Suwa Red Cross Hospital, in Nagano.
感染が確認されたのは、諏訪市の40代の医療従事者の女性です。	The female healthcare worker in her 40s from Suwa City was confirmed testing positive.
県内の感染者は87人になり、医療従事者は初めてです。	The number of infected cases in Nagano is 87, but this is the first confirmed case for a medical worker.
県によりますと、女性は13日に咳や痰が出て、17日以降、3つの医療機関を受診。	According to the prefecture, the woman started coughing and noticed phlegm building up from the 13th and visited three medical institutions since the 17th.
23日に入院し、24日 、 「 陽性」と判りました。	She was hospitalized on the 23rd and was found  "positive" on the 24th.
軽症で 、 「 濃厚接触者」の家族4人に症状は無いということです。	Symptoms are mild and her four "close contact" family members have no symptoms.
女性は16日まで勤務していて、発症前の2週間は県外への訪問は確認されていないということです。	The woman worked until the 16th, and she has not traveled outside Nagano two weeks prior to the onset of her symptoms.
感染経路については、現在、調査中としています。	The infection route is currently under investigation.
女性の勤め先の諏訪赤十字病院は24日夜、感染した職員がいたことを公表しました。	The Suwa Red Cross Hospital, where the woman works, announced on the night of the 24th that there was an employee who was infected.
院内に「濃厚接触者」はいませんが、接触者全員にPCR検査を実施し、女性が関係した病棟などを閉鎖して徹底的に消毒するということです。	There are no known "close contacts" in the hospital, but all contacts will be subjected to PCR tests, and the wards and other areas where the women had been will be closed and thoroughly disinfected.
マカオカジノ監理当局がカジノ施設における防疫措置の実施状況を視察...入場時の新型コロナウイルス陰性証明書提示必須化受け（マカオ新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Macau Casino Supervisory Authority inspects the implementation status of epidemic prevention measures at casino facilities ... New coronavirus negative certificate must be presented during admission (Macau Newspaper) --Yahoo! News
マカオにおよそ40あるカジノ施設は新型コロナウイル感染症（COVID-19）流行下、2月5日から19日までの15日間にわたる休業があったもの、同月20日以降は厳格な防疫対策を講じた上で営業を再開している。	Approximately 40 casino facilities in Macau were closed for 15 days from February 5th to 19th under the new coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), but since businesses resumed on the 20th of the same month, strict epidemic prevention measures have been taken.
マカオカジノ規制当局（DICJ）では、再開にあたって運営会社に対して従業員及びゲストの健康を最大限保護することなどを求めており、ゲーミング（カジノ）テーブル間の距離の確保、テーブルゲームでは隣席を空ける対応（例えばバカラテーブルでは1テーブルに同時に着席できるのは3～4人 ） 、 スロットマシンについても1台または2台おきの稼動と定められ、交差感染リスク軽減が図られている。	The Macau Casino Regulatory Authority (DICJ) is asking operating casinos to take the utmost precautions for the health of its employees and guests when it reopens, ensuring distances between gaming (casino) tables and distances with seating at table games (for example, only 3 to 4 people can be seated at one table at the same time at a baccarat table), as well as stipulating that every other or every third slot machine be operated, in order to reduce risk of cross infection.
チップ等のゲーミング用品に対する消毒も強化実施されている。	Disinfection of gaming equipment such as chips has also been reinforced.
また、ゲストは入場時にマスクの着用、検温、有効な健康コード（直近の滞在歴、新型コロナ患者との接触歴の有無、発熱や咳といった症状の有無、連絡先を入力して生成されるもの）の提示が義務付けられている。	In addition, guests are required to wear masks, have body temperature taken, and provide a valid health code (by entering recent travel history, contact history with covid-19 patients, presence of symptoms such as fever and coughs, and contact information) at the time of admission.
7月15日午前0時からは新型コロナウイルス核酸検査陰性証明書（マカオまたは広東省の認可施設が発出した有効期間内のものに限る）の提示も条件に加わった。	Starting midnight of July 15th, the presentation of a negative PCR test result for COVID-19 (issued within the validity period by a licensed facility from Macau or Guangdong Province) was also added to the condition.
新たに陰性証明書の提示が必須化された背景には、15日午前6時からマカオと広東省の間における水際対策の緩和（14日間の隔離検疫の撤廃、諸条件有り）があり、これに伴う予防措置となる。	The new requirement to present a negative certificate is due to the relaxation of the border measures between Macau and Guangdong Province from 15th, at 6am (eliminating the 14-day quarantine requirement, with conditions), and will be a precautionary measure.
DICJは7月18日、同月15日からの入場条件の変更を受け、同局の何浩瀚（アドリアーノ・ホー）局長らがカジノ施設における防疫措置の実施状況を視察したほか、カジノ運営6社のセキュリティ部門代表者を招集したミーティングを行い、ゲストの入場管理を徹底することで、従業員及びゲストの健康を保護するようあらためて求めたと発表。	In response to changes in admission conditions from July 15th, DICJ has on July 18th, had Adriano Ho, director of the bureau, and others inspected the implementation status of epidemic prevention measures at casino facilities, as well as calling a meeting with the security representatives from six casino operating companies reiterating the health protection of employees and guests by thoroughly controlling guest admission.
DICJでは、今後もカジノ施設に対する厳格な巡回パトロールを継続し、状況及び評価に即して定期的に運営会社とミーティングの機会を持つとし、政府衛生局のガイドラインに沿ってカジノにおける防疫措置も適宜調整する方針を示した。	DICJ will continue to carry out rigorous patrols of casino facilities, and will have regular meetings with the operating companies according to the situation and evaluation, as well as adjusting appropriate epidemic prevention measures at the casino in accordance with the guidelines of the Government Health Agency.
今回のカジノ施設の視察についても衛生局疾病監理予防センターの林松主任らが同行し、現場でゲーミング（カジノ）チップの消毒や電子カジノ機器の座席間の安全な距離の取り方などについて指導が行われたという。	This visit to the casino facility was accompanied by Lam Chong, Chief of Center for Health Protection, and was provided with guidance on disinfecting gaming (casino) chips and safe distancing between the seats of electronic casino equipment.
なお、入境制限を含む防疫対策によるインバウンド旅客の激減によって、今年1～6月累計のカジノ売上は前年同時期から77.4%減の337.20億マカオパタカ（日本円換算：約4519億円）にとどまっている。	Because of the sharp decline in inbound tourists due to epidemic prevention measures including entry restrictions, the cumulative casino sales for the period from January to June of this year was down 77.4% from the same period of the previous year to 33.72 billion Macau Pataca (Japanese yen equivalent: about 451.9 billion yen).
湯涌温泉から光のエール 来月、ぼんぼり祭りに代え 医療従事者にメッセージ（北國新聞社 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Cheer of Light from Yuwaku Onsen: Next Month, a Message to Medical Workers in Place of Bonbori Festival (Kitaguni Shinbunsha) - Yahoo! News
新型コロナウイルスの影響で、毎年恒例の「湯涌ぼんぼり祭り」が中止となった湯涌温泉で、８月１日から医療従事者らへの応援メッセージを記したぼんぼりをともす取り組みが始まる。	In Yuwaku Onsen, where the annual "Yuwaku Bonbori Festival" has been canceled due to the novel coronavirus, efforts will begin on August 1 to light up paper lanterns inscribed with messages of encouragement for medical workers.
全国のファンや地元住民が書き込んだ用紙をぼんぼり約３５０基に張り付けて、湯の街をエールの光で包み込み、訪れる人に癒やしを届ける。	Papers inscribed by local residents and fans from all over the country will be attached to roughly 350 lanterns and a cheer of light will envelope Yuwaku, sending solace to visitors.
ぼんぼり祭りは、湯涌温泉をモデルにしたアニメ「花咲くいろは」に登場する祭りを再現したイベントで、湯涌温泉観光協会が主催する。	Organized by the the Yuwaku Tourism Bureau, Bonbori Festival is a reenactment of the festival that appears in the anime "Hanasaku Iroha," which was modeled after Yuwaku.
アニメが放送された２０１１年に始まり、毎年、全国から大勢のアニメファンらが訪れる。	It began in 2011 when the anime was broadcast, and is attended every year by throngs of anime fans from all over the country.
例年、７月の点灯式から本祭の１０月まで毎日、総湯横の湯涌稲荷神社へと続く階段にぼんぼりを掲げて点灯させる。	Every year, from the lighting ceremony in July to the main festival in October, lanterns are hung and lit every day on the stairs beside the public bath that lead to Yuwaku Inari Shrine.
今年は新型コロナのため祭り中止を余儀なくされたが、地元や全国のファンから「湯涌の夏にぼんぼりが無いのは寂しい」との声が相次ぎ、協会が今回の企画を発案。	This year novel coronavirus forced the cancelation of the festival, but the bureau proposed the current plan after continuing cries from local and national fans that "a summer in Yuwaku with no Bonbori is sad."
コロナ禍で苦境に立つ世の中の癒やしと回復に少しでも役立てたいと 、 「 リカバリーキャンペーン」と銘打った。	It was given the name "Recovery Campaign," in hopes of being even the slightest bit useful in healing and recovery as the world faces the adverse circumstances of the corona disaster.
これまで地元の湯涌小、芝原中の児童生徒約５０人に一人ずつイラスト付きメッセージを書いてもらったほか、全国から１００以上の応募がある。	Currently they have received illustrated messages written by each student, around 50 of them, from the local Yuwaku Elementary and Shibahara Middle Schools, and over 100 entries from around the country.
メッセージ用紙は協会のホームページから購入し、記入後、返信用封筒に入れて協会まで送ると、ぼんぼりに張り付けて明かりをともした写真を受け取ることができる。	A message sheet can be purchased from the bureau's website, and if it is placed in the return envelope after inscription and sent to the bureau, one can receive a photo of it attached to a lit bonbori lantern.
１セット６千円で、ぼんぼり全約３５０基に達するまで応募を受け付ける。	One set is priced at 6000 yen, and applications will be accepted until reaching roughly 350 lanterns.
ぼんぼりの点灯は１１月末までを予定する。	The lighting of the bonbori lanterns is planned to last through the end of November.
初回から祭りの実行委員長を務める山下新一郎さん（４８）は「メッセージを読むと自分たちも勇気づけられる。来年こそ第１０回の節目となる祭りを盛大に行いたい」と話した。	"Reading these messages brings courage to us too. Since next year is a turning point as the 10th time, we want to hold the festival magnificently" said Yamashita Shinichiro (48), who has worked as the head of the executive committee since the festival's launch.
キャンペーン用に、花咲くいろはのキャラクターと浅野川大橋の描き下ろしイラストも用意した。	A commissioned illustration of Asanokawa Ohashi Bridge and characters from Hanasaku Iroha was also prepared for the campaign.
１日から、湯涌温泉の旅館の特別宿泊プラン利用者にイラスト付きクリアファイルを贈る。	Starting on the 1st, an illustrated clear file folder will be given to guests using special accommodation plans at traditional inns at Yuwaku Onsen.
西武を支えるコア４「森山外源」が魂の連携（東スポWeb ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The Core Four Holding up Seibu "Mori Yama Tono Gen" Join Forces of Spirit (Tokyo Sports Web) - Yahoo! News
西武が誇る「森山外源」が魂の連携を見せ、今季２度目のサヨナラ勝ちを演出した。	Seibu's pride, "Mori Yama Tono Gen" showed cooperation of spirits as they performed their second walk-off win of this season.
２４日のロッテ戦（メットライフ）は２―２の９回、本調子にはまだ遠い不振の４人が勝利への執念を見せた。	At 2-2 in the 9th inning of the match against Lotte (MetLife) on the 24th, the four, who were in a slump still far from their best condition, showed their tenacity for victory.
先頭・源田がセーフティーバントから一塁へヘッドスライディングで出塁。	First up, Genda, on a drag bunt, made a head-first slide to first base.
すると、ここ６試合、打率１割８分２厘とどん底にいる３番・森が送りバントを決め一死二塁。	At that, third up, Mori, who for the last 6 matches has been at the very bottom hitting .182, decided on a sacrifice bunt for one out and second base.
４番・山川が申告敬遠され、この日から森と入れ替わり５番に戻った外崎が益田の直球を打ち砕き、３―２の勝利につなげた。	Fourth up, Yamakawa, was given an intentional walk and Tonozaki, who from the day had switched with Mori and returned to fifth, smashed a fastball from Masuda, leading to a 3-2 victory.
ヒーローの外崎は 「 （ 源田のセーフティーは）ベンチにいるボクでも意表を突かれたし、何とかするしかないと思った。友哉もバントで後ろのボクを信じてつなげてくれてるんだな、という気持ちは伝わった。山川さんは敬遠で一塁に行く前に『積極的にいけよ ！ 』というひと言をくれたんで、それでガッと気持ちも入っていけた」と語り、サヨナラの流れを作ってくれた３人の思いを結果にした。	"Even I was surprised by (Genda's drag bunt) there on the bench, and I thought I just had to do something. Tomoya also conveyed through his bunt that he believed in me and that he was connecting it to me there after him. Before Yamakawa went to first with the walk he said, "Be aggressive!" and with that I fully got into the mood and was able to do it," the hero, Tonozaki said, wrapping up the hopes of the three who had set the course for the walk-off win.
１３年のドラフト１位、２位の森、山川、１４年３位の外崎、１６年３位の源田の４人は球団関係者が「今のウチの心臓部」と称する野手の〝コア４ 〟 。	Mori and Yamakawa, the first and second draft of 2013, Tonozaki, 3rd draft of 2014, and Genda, 3rd draft of 2016, are the "Core 4," the 4 players that team officials have dubbed "the current core of the team."
いずれもアマチュア時代に主将経験があり、責任感も人一倍だ。	All have experience as captains from their amateur days, and their sense of responsibility is also greater than others.
富士大４年時に山川からキャプテンを引き継いだ外崎は「山川さんはとにかくしゃべりがうまいので言葉でチームを引っ張っていくキャプテン。逆にボクは口下手なのでしゃべりのうまい副キャプテンにしゃべりは任せて、後ろに構えているタイプでした」というように、それぞれが自分の個性を発揮しながら新主将の源田、新選手会長の森を支えている。	Tonosaki, who replaced Yamakawa as captain in his fourth year at Fuji University, said, "Yamakawa-san is such a skilled speaker and was a captain who motivated the team with his words. Conversely, I'm clumsy with words so I was the one to stand watching over from behind and left the talking to my articulate vice captain," and this shows that each make use of their individual traits while supporting the new captain, Genda, and the new head of the Player's Association, Mori.
辻監督が「源田のセーフティー？あれはサインじゃない。でも、あれで『よーし行ける』と思ったよ。友哉も素晴らしいバントだった。外崎もよく打ってくれた」とたたえた「森山外源」の魂の連携。	"Genda's drag bunt? That wasn't a sign. But at that I thought "Okay, we can do this." Tomoya's was also a fantastic bunt. Tonosaki also hit well," Coach Tsuji said in praise of the joint forces of spirits of "Mori Yama Tono Gen."
４人とも今は打率２割４～５分と苦しんでいるが、打てなくても勝つすべと知恵でチームを支えている。	All four are currently struggling with hitting averages of .24~.25, but they support the team with their wisdom and their ways to win even if they can't hit.
米政府に対中作業グループ 共産党の脅威に対応：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	China Working Group in the US Government, Responding to the Communist Party Threat: The Hokkaido Shimbun Press, Doushin Online Edition
【ワシントン共同】米国土安全保障省は２４日、中国共産党からの米国内への脅威が増しているとして、対中作業グループを発足させたと発表した。	WASHINGTON (Kyodo News) – On the 24th, the US Department of Homeland Security announced the establishment of the China Working Group, citing the growing threat to the United States posed by the Chinese Communist Party.
省内の各部署による中国対応を統合し、優先化。	It will integrate and prioritize the handling of China by each division within the department.
米国の経済的繁栄や国家安保、基本的自由を損なう組織的活動から米国を守る取り組みを強固にするとしている。	It is solidifying efforts to protect the US from organized activities that threaten its economic prosperity, national security, and fundamental freedoms.
ウルフ国土安保長官代行は声明で「中国共産党の貿易やサイバーセキュリティー、移民、知的財産の分野での有害な活動は憂慮すべきレベルに達している」と強調した。	In a statement, Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Wolf said that the threat of the Chinese Communist Party’s malign activity in the trade, cybersecurity, immigration, and intellectual property domains has reached an alarming level.
国土安保省は対中関連のこれまでの取り組みとして、新型コロナの世界的大流行を利用した中国の製造業者への取り締まりを挙げた。	In its China-related efforts to date, the Department of Homeland Security has increased supervision of Chinese manufacturers that took advantage of the global outbreak of COVID-19.
【鳴門ボート・ＳＧオーシャンカップ】瓜生正義が優勝戦１号艇！	[ Naruto Boat Race SG Ocean Cup ] Uryu Masayoshi cruises to victory in boat No. 1
大会連覇＆通算２０００勝に王手（東スポWeb ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Consecutive tournament victory and closing in on 2,000 total victories! (Tokyo Sports Web) - Yahoo!News
激闘を繰り広げてきたボートレース鳴門のＳＧ「第２５回オーシャンカップ」は２５日の５日目、佳境の準優勝戦３番勝負が行われた。	The fifth day of the 25th Naruto Boat Race SG Ocean Cup was held on the 25th, a fiercely fought tournament culminating in today's three contests for pilots who made it to the semi-finals.
第１弾・９Ｒは茅原悠紀（岡山＝３３）が逃げ切り快勝！	Kayahara Yuki (33, Okayama) outran the other boats to clinch the victory in the ninth race of the first contest!
優出一番乗りを決めた。	This secured him the pole position in the final.
大接戦となった２着争いは峰竜太（佐賀＝３５ ） 、 桐生順平（埼玉＝３３ ） 、 西山貴浩（福岡＝３３）の３者が激しく競り合う展開から、２周２Ｍで峰が抜け出して２番手浮上。	It was a close battle for second position between Mine Ryuta (35, Saga), Kiryu Junpei (33, Saitama) and Nishiyama Takahiro (33, Fukuoka), but Mine managed to break into the lead at the 2M mark of the 2nd lap, emerging as second.
そのまま２着でゴールして優勝戦進出を決めた。	He stayed in that position until the end, finishing in second place, and earning him a place in the final.
続く１１Ｒは大外枠の徳増秀樹（静岡＝４５）が１つ内コースを奪って石野貴之（大阪＝３８）大外に押し出される形となったが、絶好枠の山口剛（広島＝３７）がきっちり逃げ切り勝ち。	In the following 11th race, Tokumasu Hideki (45, Shizuoka), who was running far out wide, cut inside and snatched the place from Ishino Takayuki (38, Osaka), pushing him to the outside, but it was Yamaguchi Tsuyoshi (37, Hiroshima) who ran a perfect line and sealed the victory.
２０１３年１２月の第２８回ＧＰシリーズ戦以来、約６年半ぶりのＳＧファイナリスト入りを果たした。	This is the first time he has qualified as an SG finalist in about six-and-a-half years, the last time being in the 28th GP Series in December 2013.
また、２着には今大会がＳＧ初出場だった高野哲史（兵庫＝３１）が大健闘。	Furthermore, second place Kono Satoshi (31, Hyogo) is appearing in the SG Ocean Cup for the first time, but showed great strength in this race.
一気にベスト６まで駆け上がった。	He managed to climb his way to the best six almost immediately.
そして準優ラスト１２Ｒは絶好枠の瓜生正義（福岡＝４４）がすんなり逃げて圧勝！	In the 12th and last race of the semi-finals, Uryu Masayoshi (44, Fukuoka) ran a perfect line and had no trouble staying in the lead for an overwhelming victory!
瓜生はこれが通算１９９９勝目で節目の２０００勝と、オーシャンカップ連覇に王手をかけた。	With this, Uryu now has 1,999 total wins under his belt, and is closing on his 2,000th and a consecutive Ocean Cup victory.
２着は２コースから順走した枝尾賢（福岡＝３８）がしっかり２番手をキープして福岡ワンツー決着。	Second place Edao Masaru (38, Fukuoka) ran favourably through the second course keeping a firm hold on second place all the way, resulting in pilots from Fukuoka taking first and second place.
枝尾は３回目のＳＧ挑戦で初優出となった。	This is Edao's third SG appearance, and the first time he's advanced to the final stages.
この結果、２６日最終日、第１２Ｒの優勝戦メンバーは １瓜生正義 ２山口 剛 ３茅原悠紀 ４峰 竜太 ５枝尾 賢 ６高野哲史 の６選手で争われることになった。	As a result of today's races, the pilots competing in the 12 races on the final day of the 26th will be: 1 - Uryu Masayoshi, 2 - Yamaguchi Tsuyoshi, 3 - Kayahara Yuki, 4 - Mine Ryuta, 5 - Edao Masaru and 6 - Kono Satoshi.
中国、成都の米総領事館を閉鎖へ 米国務長官の共産党批判容認せず：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	China To Close US Embassy in Chengdu, Disapproves of US Secretary of State's Criticism of Communist Party: The Hokkaido Shimbun Press, Doushin Online Edition
【北京共同】中国メディアは２５日、中国政府が閉鎖を求めた四川省成都にある米総領事館の門が封鎖されたと伝えた。	BEIJING (Kyodo News) – On the 25th, Chinese media reported that the gates are now closed at the American embassy in the city of Chengdu in Sichuan province, which the Chinese government had ordered to be shut down.
職員とみられる人物が荷物を運び建物を後にする様子も報道。	It was also reported that people who appeared to be employees were seen leaving the building carrying their belongings.
２７日朝までに閉鎖される見通しだという。	It is predicted to be closed by the morning of the 27th.
米政府は南部テキサス州ヒューストンの中国総領事館の閉鎖を確認しており、米中対立は一層激しさを増した。	There has been an escalation in US-China tensions, with confirmation that the US government had closed the Chinese consulate in Houston in the southern state of Texas.
中国の習近平指導部は２５日、国営通信新華社の論評記事を通じ、共産党の一党支配体制を批判したポンペオ米国務長官の演説を「イデオロギー対立をあおり、中国と米国が対抗する新冷戦をたきつけた」として拒絶する構えを見せた。	In an editorial in the state media organization Xinhua News Agency on the 25th, Chinese leader Xi Jinping refuted a speech by US Secretary of State Pompeo that criticized the dominated one-party system under the Chinese Communist Party, stating that it was agitating ideological conflicts and inciting a cold war between China and the US.
鋳銭司に大村益次郎像 教育者としての功績伝える【山口】｜宇部日報 このまちメディアWeb	Statue of Omura Masujiro in Suzenji Conveys His Contributions as an Educator (Yamaguchi) | Ube Nippo, Kono Machi Media Web
維新の十傑の一人に数えられる大村益次郎（１８２５～６９年）の銅像が２３日、生誕地の山口市鋳銭司にお目見えした。	On the 23rd, a bronze statue of Omura Masujiro (1825-1869), considered one of the top ten figures of the Restoration, has been unveiled in his birthplace of Suzenji, Yamaguchi city.
設置された鋳銭司地域交流センター前庭で除幕式があり、地元や行政関係者らが完成を祝った。	There was an unveiling ceremony in the front gardens of the Suzenji Regional Civic Center, where it has been erected, and locals and related parties celebrated its completion.
益次郎は幕末維新期の兵学者で西洋学者、医師。	Masujiro was a tactician, an occidental scholar, and a doctor at the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate and beginning of the Meiji Restoration.
幕府の西洋学問の研究・教育機関「蕃書調所 」 （ ばんしょしらべしょ）で教壇に立った後、江戸で私塾「鳩居堂」を開き、蘭学や兵学、医学を教えた。	After taking up a teaching position the Institute for the Study of Western Books, the Shogunate's occidental studies research and education institute, he opened a private school, Kyukyodo, in Edo, where he taught western studies, military tactics, and medicine.
長州藩に戻ってからも山口明倫館で兵学の講義を行った。	Even after returning to the Choshu Domain, he gave lectures on military tactics at the Yamaguchi Meirinkan school.
銅像は教育者としての益次郎に焦点を当てた。	The bronze statue focuses on Masujiro as an educator.
地球儀の傍らに立って書を手に持ち、蘭学の講義をする姿を形にした。	He is depicted standing next to a globe with a book in hand, lecturing on western studies.
台座を合わせた像の高さは約３㍍（像１・５５㍍）で、益次郎の講義を受ける弟子の目線で作られたという。	The height of the statue including the pedestal is about 3 meters (statue: 1.55 meters), and it was said to be made from the perspective of Masujiro's pupils, receiving his lectures.
デザインは益次郎の妻、琴子の子孫で地元のデザイナーの高實まりえさん（２７）が担当した。	Local designer Takahama Marie (27), a descendant of Masujiro's wife, Kotoko, was in charge of the design.
鋳銭司自治会を母体とする大村益次郎没後１５０年事業実行委員会（岡本敏会長）が寄付を募って建立した。	It was built with donations solicited by the Executive Committee for the 150th Anniversary of Omura Masujiro's Death (chairman Okamoto Satoshi), whose parent organization is the Suzenji Neighborhood Council.
全国の１１０４人から約１２８０万円の浄財が集まった。	They collected 12.8 million yen of donations from 1,104 people around the country.
芳名板の設置などを含む事業費は約１２００万円。	The project cost, including installing donor name plates, was approximately 12 million yen.
余った寄付金は銅像の維持管理などに使われる。	The surplus donations will be used for the upkeep and management of the bronze statue.
岡本会長は「志を高く持ち続け、教育者として多大な貢献をした益次郎は古里の誇り。未来を担う地域の子どもたちの希望となる銅像」と話していた。	Chairman Okamoto stated, "Masujiro, who kept his aspirations high and made enormous contributions as an educator, is the pride of our hometown. The bronze statue represents the hopes of the local children who will carry our future."
悪質タックルを受けて負傷交代したエムバペ 松葉杖姿で会場をあとにする（SPORT.es ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Mbappé Substituted with Injury After Sustaining Nasty Tackle, Leaves Pitch on Crutches  (SPORT.es) | Yahoo! News
現地時間24日にスタッド・ド・フランスで行われたクープ・ドゥ・フランス決勝でサンテティエンヌを1-0で下したパリ・サンジェルマンが2年ぶり13回目の優勝を飾った。	On the 24th local time, Paris Saint-Germain defeated Saint-Étienne 1-0 in the French Cup Final at the Stade de France, scoring their 13th victory for the first time in two years.
PSGが国内2冠を達成	PSG achieved second national title, defeating Saint-Étienne with Neymar's winning goal.
ネイマールの決勝点でサンテティエンヌを下す 前半のネイマールのゴールが決勝点となり、リーグ・アンに続いて国内2冠を達成したPSGだが、8月のチャンピオンズリーグに向けて懸念せざるを得ない状況に陥っている。	Neymar's goal in the first half clinched the victory, allowing PSG to take away their second national title after Ligue 1, although their current situation means that they should be worried about the upcoming Champion's League in August.
同一戦に先発出場したキリアン・エムバペが相手CBロイク・ペランによる悪質なスライディングタックルを受けて負傷交代する事態となった。	Kylian Mbappé, who was in the starting eleven, was substituted with an injury after sustaining a nasty standing tackle from opposing centerback Loïc Perrin.
前半30分、右足首を挟み込まれるような形で倒されたフランスの若きスターは痛みで顔をゆがめた。	Thirty minutes into the first half, the young French star was knocked down with his right ankle in a pinched position, grimacing in pain.
このプレーを巡って両チームの選手達は一触即発、乱闘騒ぎとなった。	This play spurred players from both teams to erupt into a brawl in an explosive situation.
右足首を捻ったと思われるエムバペはプレー続行不可能に。	Seeming to have twisted his right ankle, Mbappé was unable to continue playing.
ペランに対してはレッドカードが提示された。	Perrin was given a red card.
試合後、右足を固定したエムバペは松葉杖をついた状態でスタジアムをあとにした。	After the match, Mbappé left the stadium on crutches, with his right foot fixed in position.
PSGは日本時間8月1日4時10分にリヨンとのクープ・ドウ・ラ・リーグ決勝を戦うが、この試合でエムバペを起用することは間違いなく無理だろう。	PSG will face Lyon in the Coupe de la Ligue finals on August 1 at 4:10 JST, but it will surely be impossible to use Mbappé in this match.
クラブから発表されるメディカルレポートを待つ必要があるが、ポルトガルで行われるチャンピオンズリーグを欠場する可能性もある。	It will be necessary to wait for the medical report issued by the club, but it is also likely that he will be absent from the Championship League, to be held in Portugal.
コロナ禍「芸術身近に」 オンライン美術館「HASARD」紺野さん（八戸出身）立ち上げ（デーリー東北新聞社 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Bringing Art Closer During the COVID-19 Pandemic, Online Art Museum (HASARD) Launched by Konno (Hachinohe Native) (The Daily Tohoku Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
誰でも、好きな時に、無料でアートに触れられる美術館がある。	There exists an art museum where anyone can encounter art for free any time they like.
取りそろえるのはクロード・モネやグスタフ・クリムトといった著名な画家から、国内の無名アーティストまで多岐にわたる。	Its lineup is wide-ranging, from notable painters like Claude Monet and Gustav Klimt, to unknown domestic artists.
オンライン美術館「HASARD（アザー ） 」 は、2019年4月の"開館"以来、その利便性と新しさから利用者の心をつかみ、コロナ禍による新たな生活様式を機に、注目度がさらに高まった。	Since the online art museum HASARD "opened its doors" in April 2019, its user-friendliness and novelty have won users' hearts, and now the new lifestyle of the pandemic has been an opportunity for it to garner even more attention.
サイトを立ち上げた八戸市出身の紺野真之介代表（26）＝東京都在住＝は「誰もがアートを手軽に楽しめるサービスを作りたかった。つらい状況下こそ、芸術に触れてほしい」と話す。	Museum director Shinnosuke Konno (26) from Hachinohe, now resident in Tokyo, who launched the site, says, "I wanted to create a service that would allow anyone to enjoy art easily. I want people to come into contact with art, especially under such dire circumstances."
アザーを訪れると驚かされるのが、展示の豊富さと画像の美しさ。	What surprises visitors to HASARD is the sheer abundance of exhibitions and the beauty of the images.
24日現在で常設展と企画展の計14の展覧会を公開しており、色彩だけでなく、筆の質感まで伝わる超高解像度の作品が見る人を引き付ける。	As of the 24th, there are a total of 14 exhibitions publicly available, including permanent exhibitions and special exhibitions, and the viewers are fascinated by the works in ultra-high-resolution that shows not just the coloring, but even the texture of the brush strokes.
会員登録や入場料は不要で、見る側だけでなく、個展を開きたいアーティストも費用がかからないのが特徴だ。	With no member registration and no admittance fees required, it is distinctive because it is free not only for viewers but also for artists who want to hold individual exhibitions.
オンラインならではの見せ方も注目を集める。	Also attracting attention is the way artworks are displayed, something which could only be achieved online.
絵を動かすのもその一つ。	One example of this is how the paintings are made to move.
クロード・モネの常設展「それは再び 動き始める」では、雲や花、草原などが動くようにデジタル加工を施している。	"It Begins to Move Again," a permanent exhibition on Claude Monet, employs digital processing to make the clouds, flowers, and fields of grass move.
「アートに関心が低い人も入り込めるようにしたい 」 （ 紺野代表）との思いからで、絵の中にいるような感覚を味わえる。	Stemming from the desire (of Director Konno) of "wanting to make it absorbing even for people with little interest in art," it can make you feel like you are inside the painting.
紺野代表とアートの出合いは小学生の頃。	Director Konno was an elementary school student when he first discovered art.
当時、完成したばかりの青森県立美術館に家族と訪れた際に、マルク・シャガールの「アレコ」の巨大な3枚の絵を見て、その迫力に衝撃を受けた。	When he and his family visited the Aomori Museum of Art, which had just been completed at the time, he saw the three giant paintings of Marc Chagall's Aleko and was shocked by their impressive impact.
次の日から美術の授業は楽しい時間に変わり、大学進学を機に上京した後も、ギャラリーなどに足を運ぶようになった。	From the very next day, his time in art class became fun, and even after he took admission to university as an opportunity to come to Tokyo, he developed a habit of visiting galleries.
同時に、美術館が近くにない、大きな企画展は首都圏開催ばかりで、育児で外出が難しいなど、さまざまな観点から、美術と触れ合う機会をあまり持てない人が多いとも感じた。	At the same time, he felt that there were many people who have little opportunity to encounter art for a variety of reasons, like not having art museums nearby, or big exhibitions only being held in metropolitan areas, or being unable to go out because they're caring for children.
そこで、IT関連会社で働く傍ら、約2カ月間をかけ、インターネット上でアートを鑑賞できるサイトを立ち上げた。	For that reason, while working at an IT-related company, he spent about two months launching a website where you can appreciate art online.
利用者数は開始10カ月で平均月1万人に達し、新型コロナの感染拡大後は、約3万人に増加した。	User numbers reached an average of 10,000 per month in the first 10 months after startup, and rose to about 30,000 after COVID-19 infections spread.
どんな人でも見たい時に、自由な形で芸術を鑑賞できたら ― 。	If anybody could enjoy art however they want, whenever they want to see it...
アザーの狙いは、コロナ禍により、図らずもより多くの人に受け入れられた。	HASARD's aim resonated with even more people than expected because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
紺野代表は芸術鑑賞の意義について、想像力を豊かにしてくれると強調。	Director Konno emphasized that the significance of art appreciation is how it can enrich the imagination.
「想像力が豊かになると、困っている人に手を差し伸べられるようになる。	"If your imagination becomes enriched, you gain the ability to reach out to people who are suffering.
アートが身近になることで、より良い社会になってほしい」と思いを込める。	I want society to become better by bringer art closer to people," he says, expressing his thoughts.
中国品質の時代が終焉し、日本品質の時代がやってくるシンプルな理由（現代ビジネス ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The simple reason the Age of Japanese Quality will come as the Age of Chinese Quality ends (Modern business) - Yahoo!News
パンデミックで価値観の転換	With the pandemic, a change in values
アフターパンデミックの世界について色々な予測・議論が行われている。	A lot of predictions and debates are happening regarding the world after the pandemic.
ビジネス面では、7月8日の記事「じつは日本でいま『管理職』の仕事が消え始めている ... ！その残酷な現実 」 、 7月4日の記事 「 『 コロナ後』の世界で、じつは『日本の製造業』が大復活しそうなワケ ... ！ 」などで述べた変化が起こる可能性がある。	In the realm of business, there is a possibility that the changes mentioned in the July 8 article, "In Japan "management" jobs are now starting to disappear...! The cruel truth" and the July 4 article "The reason "Japanese manufacturing" is looking like it will make a big come back in the "Post-covid" World" could occur.
【写真】日本人だけが知らない「日本の強さ」の正体...アジアで見た意外な現実	(Photograph) The true form of "Japan's Strength" that only Japanese people do not know.... An unexpected reality in Asia
また、精神面では6月26日の記事「コロナで人生の終末を意識するようになった人に贈る『完全燃焼の心得 』 」 、6月10日の記事「コロナ、暴動に満ちた今こそ『苦しいときの神頼み』の効用を見直そう」などの流れが主流になっていくと思われる。	In addition, in the emotional arena it is thought that trends such as those in the June 26 article ""How to fully burnout" to send to those who have become aware of the end of life with corona," and the June 10 article, "With corona and riots rising, now is the time to reevaluate the effect of "only calling on the gods in times of hardship"" will become mainstream.
そして、その2つの「物質 (経済・ビジネス) 」 と「精神」が合体した形として我々の目にはっきり見えるようになると思われるのが 、 「 中国品質から日本品質へ」の大きな流れである。	And what we can expect will become clearly visible to us with the combination of these two, "material (economy/business)" and "emotion," is a large shift "from Chinese quality to Japanese quality."
例えば、Tシャツやデジカメで不良・欠陥があれば腹立たしいことだが、購入した人の命には別条がない。	For example, if a T-shirt or a digital camera is inferior or defective, it is frustrating, but it does not put the consumer's life at stake.
それに対して、最近話題になった中国製のマスクや人工呼吸器のずさんな品質 ... ... このような生命や安全に直結する商品での「中国品質」は致命的だ。	In comparison, what has been a topic of attention recently is the unreliable quality of Chinese-made masks and ventilators... for products such as these, that are linked directly to life and safety, "Chinese quality" is deadly.
いくら安くてもそのような商品は購入できない。	No matter how cheap they are no one can buy such products.
相当な値段を払ってでも「日本品質」の商品を求めるであろう。	People will seek "Japanese quality" products even if it means paying a considerable price.
もちろん、この流れは日本だけで起こっているのではない。	Of course this trend is not only arising in Japan.
マスクや医療器具が不足して困難な状況に陥った欧米諸国が、それでも「中国品質」のあまりのひどさに、次々と「返品」を行ったことからも明らかだ。	The Western countries have fallen into a dire situation due to shortages of masks and medical equipment, yet even so it has become clear that they have had to return products time and time again due to inexcusably poor "Chinese quality."
安さよりも安心・安全	Safety and Security over Price
また、自動車などの商品も欠陥が致命的 (事故による死亡) になりえる商品である。	Moreover, products such as automobiles are also products in which a defect can be fatal (deaths caused by vehicular accidents).
「安かろう悪かろう」の安売り戦略でいくら中韓を始めとする国々が攻勢をかけても、結局日本製には太刀打ちできず、6月16日の記事「やはり独り勝ち、世界の自動車メーカーはトヨタにひれ伏すのか ？ 」で述べたような状況になるのは、自動車という製品に「日本品質」が強く求められるからである。	No matter how aggressive countries such as China, Korea and others are on this "you get what you pay for" bargain sale strategy, ultimately, they cannot stand up against Japan-made products, and the reason a situation like the one described in the June 6 article "Will it be a sole victory after all, and the world's car manufacturers bow down to Toyota?", will arise is because "Japanese quality" is strongly sought after for automobiles.
そして、今回のパンデミックは、その他の多くの商品にも「安心・安全」が必要であるということを思い起こさせた。	And this pandemic has given rise to thoughts about the necessity of "safety and security" in many other products as well.
また、安心・安全は「製造における日本品質」だけではなく「物流などのサービスにおける日本品質」においても大事だ。	Furthermore, safety and security are not only important in the "Japanese quality of manufacturing" but also the "Japanese quality of logistics and other services."
トイレットペーパー騒動のように、生産能力がきちんとあるのに、中間流通が滞って手元に届かないこともある。	Such as the case with the toilet paper craze, even if there is sufficient production capacity, there are cases in which there are hold-ups at intermediate distribution stages and the product is not delivered.
さらには、4月17日の「マスク不足の真犯人は誰だ！中国共産党政権の火事場泥棒を許すな」の記事のように、日本国内での自給自足も「安心・安全」の重要な要素であることを痛感させた。	Furthermore, as with the April 17 article "Who is the culprit behind the mask shortage! We will not tolerate the crisis opportunism of the Chinese Communist Party", it makes us keenly aware that Japan's domestic self-sufficiency is also an important component for "safety and security."
有事になればどの国も自国優先が当たり前で、マスク (医療機器) や食糧などの必需品の調達を自国内でできるようにすることはとても大事だ。	In an emergency it is natural for any country to prioritize their own nation, and it is very important to make the procurement of necessities such as masks (medical equipment) and food possible domestically.
韓国のコロナ新規感染者 115日ぶり100人超＝海外流入が86人で最多（聯合ニュース ） - Yahoo!ニュース	More than 100 newly infected coronavirus cases in South Korea for the first time in 115 days = record number of 86 people from overseas in flux (Yonhap News) --Yahoo! News
【ソウル聯合ニュース】韓国の中央防疫対策本部は25日、この日午前0時現在の新型コロナウイルスの感染者数は前日午前0時の時点から113人増え、計1万4092人になったと発表した。	[Seoul Yonhap News] South Korea's Central Epidemic Prevention Task Force Headquarters announced on the 25th, as of midnight that day, the number of people infected with the new Covid-19 virus had increased by 113 from midnight the day before to a total of 14,092.
1日当たりの新規感染者数が100人を超えたのは4月1日（101人）以来、115日ぶり。	It is the first time in 115 days since April 1st (101 people) that the number of newly infected people per day exceeded 100.
釜山港に入港したロシアの船舶で船員32人の感染が判明したのに加え、24日にイラクから帰国した労働者293人のうち32人が陽性判定を受けたためとみられる。	This appears to be in addition to the 32 crew members on the Russian ship that entered Busan Port who were found to be infected, 32 workers out of the 293 workers who returned from Iraq on the 24th tested positive.
韓国での新規感染者数は20日（26人）を除いては30～60人台となっていた。	The number of new infections in South Korea was in the 30-60 range except on the 20th (26 people).
25日に発表された新規感染者のうち、海外からの入国者は86人で、韓国で最初の感染者が出た1月20日以降で最多。	Of the new infections announced on the 25th, 86 people came from overseas, the highest number since January 20, when the first infected person was reported in South Korea.
イラクからの入国者が36人で最も多く、ロシアからが34人、フィリピンからが5人、米国からが3人などだった。	Largest number of people coming in was from Iraq at 36, followed by Russia at 34, Philippines at 5 and USA at 3.
一方、市中感染は27人で、ソウル市と京義道でそれぞれ11人、釜山市で5人の感染が確認された。	Meanwhile, there were 27 confirmed cases of local infections throughout the city, 11 each in Seoul and Gyeonggi-do, and 5 in Busan.
釜山市の5人はロシア船舶に乗船した修理業者の従業員だった。	Five people in Busan were employees of a repair shop who went on board the Russian ship.
死者は前日から変わらず、計298人となっている。	The death toll remains unchanged from the previous day, at a total of 298.
名古屋・宮原選手がコロナ陽性 サッカーＪ１、リーグ再開後で初｜静岡新聞アットエス	J1 Soccer: Nagoya Player Miyahara Tests Positive for COVID-19, the First Case After Resuming League Play | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
サッカーＪ１の名古屋は２５日、ＤＦ宮原和也選手（２４）に新型コロナウイルスの陽性反応が出たことが確認されたと発表した。	On the 25th, J1 League team Nagoya announced that it was confirmed that defender Miyahara Kazuya (24) has tested positive for COVID-19.
Ｊリーグ再開後、選手の陽性反応は今回が初。	This is the first positive test result in a player since the J-League resumed.
同クラブの選手では６月に感染したＦＷ金崎夢生（３１ ） 、 オーストラリア出身のＧＫミッチェル・ランゲラック（３１）の両選手に続いて３人目。	He is the third such player in this club, following both forwarder Kanazaki Mu (31), who was infected in June, and Austrian goalkeeper Mitchell Langerak (31).
２人は既に治療を受け、試合に復帰した。	The two have already received treatment and resumed playing.
今季の宮原選手は２２日、昭和電工ドーム大分で行われたＪ１の大分戦でベンチ入りした。	This season, Miyahara was on the bench in the J1 match against Oita, which was played in the Showa Denko Dome Oita on the 22nd.
名古屋は２５日にオンラインで記者会見し、選手やスタッフら６０人に対して同日、ＰＣＲ検査をしたことを明らかにした。	Nagoya clarified in an online press conference on the 25th that it had administered PCR tests on 60 people, including players and staff, on the same day.
98%反射。	98% reflective.
テフロン加工のフライパン由来の白塗料、断熱で冷房効果を高めてくれると判明！	The white paint originally from Teflon-treated frying pans has been confirmed to enhance the cooling effect through insulation!
まさかの大発見！	What an unexpected huge discovery!
今年は例年にない降水量の多さが目立った梅雨シーズンでしたが、明ければ猛暑の夏が本格化します。	This was a rainy season with notable amounts of rainfall not seen in previous years, and yet, as it lifts the fierce heat of summer intensifies.
暑くて暑くて、冷房すら効きが悪くなるくらいの灼熱の日々...もう想像するだけで、うだってしまいそうですよね？	The hot, hot days of scorching heat when even the air conditioner has no effect.... it's exhausting just thinking about it, isn't it?
地球温暖化は世界的な大問題で、どうすれば暑い真夏を少しでも快適に乗り越えられるか、人類は知恵を絞ってきました。	Global warming is a worldwide problem, and humankind has racked its collective brain for how we can overcome the midsummer heat even slightly more comfortably.
その1つの方法は、薄手の白めな衣服を着ること。	One of those methods is to wear light white clothing.
ほら、わざわざ夏に熱を吸収する黒い服を着る必要はないでしょう？	There's no need to go out of your way to wear heat-absorbing black clothes in summer, right?
そして、同じ原理を、家の建築にも当てはめて、白系の塗料を用いるケースが増えているそうです。	And it seems that the use of white paints is increasing by applying the same principle to the architecture of houses.
白は白でも、より光を反射して、熱を吸収しない特性の塗料にできないものか、そこが最新の研究分野でもありました。	Though white may be white, there was the cutting-edge research whether there is yet something that could be made into a specialized paint that reflects even more light and absorbs even less heat.
このほど米カリフォルニア大学ロサンゼルス校（UCLA）のHenry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Scienceは、コロンビア大学の応用物理学・応用数学部の研究者たちと共同で、もっとも効率よく太陽熱を弾き返して、建物内部の冷却効果をアップさせられる白塗料の調合方法を見出したと発表。	Recently the Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) in collaboration with researchers from the Columbia University School of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics, announced that they have discovered a compounding method for a white paint that most efficiently reflects solar heat and boosts the effectiveness of cooling inside buildings.
早期の実用化が目指されるとしていますよ。	They say they are striving for early implementation.
これまで太陽光線の反射率が最大に高い白塗料は、85％の反射率に達する、酸化チタンを用いたものでした。	Up until now, the white paint with the highest rate of sunlight reflection was one that was made with titanium oxide and had a reflection rate of 85%.
すでに酸化チタンを用いる白塗料は、高温環境の建物の屋根などに塗られ、太陽熱を遮断して冷房効率を高めることに役立てられています。	Paints using titanium oxide are already being painted on the roofs of buildings in high-temperature environments, and are proving useful in blocking sunlight and raising air cooling efficiency.
しかしながら、新たに発見されたのは、なんとあのテフロン加工のフライパンなどに用いられている、ポリテトラフルオロエチレン（PTFE）のフッ素樹脂に由来する白塗料。	However, what was newly discovered is a paint based in a fluororesin from none other than polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), which is used in those Teflon-treated frying pans.
このテフロン効果を応用する白塗料で、太陽光線を98％近くまで反射して、大幅な熱カットが可能とされています。	It is thought that with paint that applies this Teflon effect, almost 98% of sunlight will be reflected and it will be possible to make a substantial cut in heat.
暑い夏でも、意外にテフロンを使った白塗料のおかげで、屋内は猛暑にさらされずに過ごしやすい～。	Even in the hot summer, with the unexpected paint that uses Teflon, inside there is no exposure to the intense heat and it is so comfortable!
そんな時代が、間近にやってくるのかもしれませんよね？	Maybe such an age will come soon?
日本の家の屋根って、ダークなカラーが多いような気もしますけど、これからはホワイト系が主流になっていったりするやも？	It seems like there are a lot of Japanese houses with dark-colored roofs, but maybe from now on white will become mainstream?
アマゾンの年次大型セール、今年の開催はいつに？	Amazon's Large Annual Sale, When Will it be this Year?
米アマゾン・ドット・コムが年次大型セール「プライムデー」の延期を明らかにしたと米CNBCが7月21日に報じた。	America CNBC reported on July 21 that America's Amazon.com has revealed that their large annual sale, "Prime Day," will be postponed.
毎年7月に開催しているが、今年は新型コロナウイルス感染拡大の影響で延期を余儀なくされていると伝えられていた。	They conveyed that, though the sale is held every July, they have been forced to postpone this year due to the effects of the spread of coronavirus infections.
■ 広報担当者 、 「 詳細はまもなく発表する」 アマゾンの広報担当者は声明でこう述べたという。	"Details will be announced shortly" an Amazon representative mentioned in a statement, a spokesperson said.
「プライムデーは、これまでの5年間で我々が楽しみに待つ、特別な祝いのイベントになった。今年は従業員の安全を確保し、顧客と出品者を支援しながら、例年よりも遅い時期に開催する」	"For the past five years Prime Day has become a special celebratory event that we look forward to. This year, to ensure the safety of our employees while supporting our customers and sellers, we will hold it at a later date from previous years."
ただし 、 「 詳細はまもなく発表する」と述べるにとどめ、具体的な開催日は明らかにしなかった。	However, the statement ended with "details will be announced shortly" without making clear specifics about the date.
一方で、インドでの開催は決めた。	However, they have decided on holding one in India.
同国のサイトにプレスリリースを掲載。	A press release was posted on the website for the country.
8月6日午前0時から48時間実施すると説明した。	It explained that it would be held for 48 hours starting at midnight on August 6.
プライムデーはこれまで世界同時開催で実施してきたが、今年は異例の措置を取るのかもしれない。	Until now Prime Day had been held simultaneously worldwide, however they may take unprecedented measures this year.
■ 2日間で7600億円を売り上げる大型イベント アマゾンは、売り上げが減少する夏場の販売促進策として2015年にこの会員向け大型セールを始めた。	A 2-day 760 billion yen sales mega event, Amazon launched this large-scale sale aimed at its members in 2015 as a summertime promotion when sales are slow.
当初は24時間のイベントだったが、年々規模を拡大し、昨年は米国やカナダ、英国、ドイツ、フランス、インド、日本、中国、オーストラリアなどの18カ国で7月15日午前0時から48時間実施した。	Originally a 24 hour event, the scale expanded year by year, and last year it started from midnight on July 15 for 48 hours in 18 countries including the US, Canada, the UK, Germany, France, India, Japan, China, and Australia.
同社によると昨年は、2日間の売上高が「ブラックフライデー 」 （ 年末商戦の初日）と「サイバーマンデー 」 （ 翌月曜日）のそれまでの販売実績を上回った。	According to the company, last year the sales for the two day period exceeded previous sales performance of "Black Friday" (the opening day of the year-end sales season) and "Cyber Monday" (the following Monday).
このイベントは有料会員「プライム」の新規加入者獲得にも寄与しており、昨年は初日の申込みが1日の件数として過去最多となり、翌日もそれに次ぐ件数があった。	This event also contributes to the acquisition of new subscribers to the "Prime" paid membership, with the initial day last year having the most applications ever in a single day, and the second most on the following day.
また、昨年は世界で1億7500万個の商品を販売したという。	Last year they sold 175 million products worldwide.
これについて、ネット通販業界の専門誌インターネットリテイラーは、2日間の世界総販売額は前年比70％増の71億6000万ドル（約7600億円）だったと報じた。	Regarding this, the online retail industry journal "Internet Retailer" announced that the total global sales amount of the two day period was 7.16 billion dollars (760 billion yen), an increase of 70% compared to the previous year.
携帯番号移行、過度な引き留めに厳しい目。	A Critical Eye Cast Over Excessive Restrictions on Mobile Number Transfers
手数料やポイント付与はどうなる？	What will happen to fees and point allocation?
（ニュースイッチ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	(Newswitch) - Yahoo! News
携帯通信会社を変更する際に従来の電話番号をそのまま使える同番号移行制度（MNP）の見直しに向けた検討を総務省が本格化させている。	The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications is proceeding at full tilt in its decision to review the mobile number portability system (MNP), which makes it possible to use an old cell phone number as-is when changing mobile phone carriers.
21日の有識者会議で、2004年に制定したMNPのガイドラインを改正する方針を示した。	At a meeting of experts on the 21st, they otulined the objective to revise the MNP guidelines, which were established in 2004.
具体的な論点はMNP手数料のあり方や、転出希望者に対する引き留めの是非など多岐にわたる。	The specific points at issue are wide-ranging, including the current state of MNP handling fees and the pros and cons of restrictions on those wishing to transfer.
通信会社からの反発も予想される中、健全な市場競争の促進につなげられるか注目が集まる。	With opposition expected from carriers, all eyes are on whether it will encourage healthy market competition.
ケータイ乗り換え放題がほど遠い通信各社の闇 MNPが導入された06年当初の利用者負担料金は2000円だったが、現在は3000円。	It is a shady aspect of phone carriers, with unlimited mobile transfer still a long way away; when MNP was introduced in 2006, the fees customers had to pay was 2000 yen, but that has now risen to 3000 yen.
携帯通信大手3社のMNP手数料収入は推計で年間159億円に上る ― 。	The amount of revenue the three major mobile phone carriers receive from MNP fees is estimated to exceed 15.9 billion annually.
総務省は21日、通信市場の競争環境などを議論する有識者会議「競争ルールの検証に関するワーキンググループ（WG ） 」 の場で、MNPをめぐる現状を列挙した。	On the 21st, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications enumerated the current circumstances surrounding MNP at the Working Group (WG) on Verification of Competition Rules, a panel of experts debating subjects like the competitive environment of the communications market.
消費者が他の通信会社へ転出する際に必要となるMNP予約番号の発行受付時間も、やり玉に挙げた。	Criticism was also levelled at the time period in which one can receive an MNP reservation number, which is necessary when a consumer transfers to another carrier.
大手通信各社はウェブで受け付けをしているが、基幹システムの運用の都合などから、受け付け時間帯は9―20時が主流。	The major carriers accept applications online, but due to circumstances such as core system operation, it is normal for applications to only be accepted between 9:00 and 20:00.
WG資料には今後の検討の方向性として、終日対応を原則とする旨が明記された。	It was specified in the working group's documents that the direction of future considerations is that all-day support should be the norm.
MNPでの転出を希望する人に対し、携帯通信会社がポイントを付与するなどして引き留めを図ることも問題視している。	It is also viewed as problematic that people who wish to transfer under the MNP are are bound to their mobile phone carrier through strategies such as points allocation schemes.
過度な引き留めは公正競争を阻害しかねないとの判断からだ。	This comes from the judgment that excessive restrictions can only obstruct fair competition.
WG構成員を務める野村総合研究所の北俊一パートナーは「経済的な利益の提供について説明する時間を頂けるか利用者から許可を得て、許諾しない利用者には速やかに番号を発行して終了する。このプロセスをまず徹底することが重要」と提言する。	Partner Kita Shinichi of the Nomura Research Institute, who serves as a member of the working group, proposed, "Carriers should get customers' permission to take the time and explain the financial benefits they are offering, and those customers who do not consent should be immediately issued with MNP numbers and end it there. It is important to thoroughly ensure this process first."
ただ、一連の論点の中でMNP手数料については「高いほど顧客が流出しにくくなるので、積極的に下げる動機付けが働きにくい 」 （ 総務省の担当者）という構造問題が横たわる。	However, among the series of points at issue with regard to MNP handling fees, it seems that structural problems lie ahead, as a source at the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications explains, "The more expensive they are, the harder it becomes to lose customers, so it's difficult to motivate carriers to lower them proactively."
MNP手数料を率先して下げる事業者が出た場合、その会社からの顧客流出が増え、企業努力が報われないことも懸念される。	There also are worries that if an operator emerges that takes the initiative to lower MNP handling fees, the number of users leaving that company will increase and its business efforts will not be rewarded.
総務省は海外では多くの国がMNPについて利用者負担料金を求めていないとも指摘しており、日本でもそうなる可能性が考えられる。	The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has also pointed out that in many countries overseas, carriers do not demand a fee from their customers for MNP, and it is thought that Japan could become that way as well.
総務省はWGの成果を9―10月ごろに報告書としてまとめ、その後、MNPガイドライン改正の手続きを始めたい考え。	The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications will consolidate the results of the working group in a report around September or October, and it is thought that they will want to begin procedures to revise the MNP guidelines thereafter.
改正が行われる場合の時期は21年以降とみられる。	If revisions are implemented, the timing will likely be in 2021 or thereafter.
携帯通信各社は販売や顧客サポートのあり方も含めて頭を悩ませることになりそうだ。	This will likely cause mobile phone carriers to worry about issues including the state of sales and customer support.
中日・勝野、六回無失点も勝ち投手の権利得られず（サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Chunichi • Katsuno pitched a no-hitter through the 6th inning, but still cannot claim winning pitcher (Sankei Sports) --Yahoo! News
中日・勝野昌慶投手（２３）が２５日、阪神８回戦（ナゴヤドーム）に先発。	Chunichi pitcher Katsuno Akiyoshi (23) started the eighth game for the Hanshin Tigers (Nagoya Dome) on the 25th.
６回４安打無失点だった。	He gave up four hits but no runs in the 6th inning.
「前回の登板もあったのでラストチャンスだと思って投げていました。フォアボールもありましたが、気にしすぎないで相手と勝負することができました」	"I pitched in the last game so I thought this was my last chance. I gave up a walk, but I was still able to pitch without much distraction."
今季初登板と前回１８日の阪神戦（甲子園 ） 、 ２度の先発はともに制球に苦しんで四回までに降板。	In both of the season's first game, and the previous game against Hanshin (Koshien) on the 18th, he was the starting pitcher, struggled to control his pitches and was out by the fourth inning.
先発の役目を果たせず、今回は１軍生き残りをかけて臨む背水のマウンドだった。	Not fulfilling his role as a starting pitcher, this put him in a situation, and was hindering his ability to hang onto the starting lineup.
今回は好調の猛虎打線相手に、気持ちのこもったボールで強気に攻めた。	This time, he aggressively attacked the Dynamite Tigers' hitters with powerful pitches.
１４０キロ台後半の直球が走ると、カウント球などの変化球も効果的に使うことができた。	Pitching fastballs at the higher end of 140km, he was able to effectively use curve balls to mix up his pitches.
六回は先頭のサンズに左中間二塁打を浴びたが、大山を左飛、ボーアを二ゴロに仕留め、２死三塁。	In the 6th inning, he allowed the first batter, Sands a double into left field, but retires Oyama with a popup to left and Bohr with a groundout to second base, which led to two outs and a man on 3rd base.
ここで迎えた福留との対戦では２球で追い込み、最後はフォーク。	Pitching against Fukudome, he fires two strikes and a third pitch fork-ball.
３球勝負で空振り三振を奪い、ピンチをしのいだ。	With a strikeout on three pitches, he manages to get out of a pinch.
勝野は６回を終えて８３球だったが、中盤戦終了と同時に与田監督はベンチから出て、投手交代を告げた。	Katsuno finished the 6th inning with 83 pitches, but at the end of that inning, Manager Yoda came off the bench and announced a pitching change.
投手戦を演じた西勇は同じ時点で１０８球だったが、先にマウンドを降りる形となり、今季初勝利の権利を得ることはできなかった。	Nishi Yuki, playing in a pitcher's game had 108 pitches at the same time, but because he came off the mound first, could not get the rights to his first win of the season.
【動画】26日の天気 - 西・東日本の太平洋側で大雨警戒 来週は西から梅雨明けか（25日19時更新 ） （ ウェザーマップ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	[Video] Weather forecast for the 26th: Heavy rain warning across the whole Pacific side of the nation; next week could see the end of the rainy season, beginning in the west (updated at 7pm on the 25th) (Weather Map) - Yahoo!News
26日（日）は、西・東日本の太平洋側を中心に大雨になるおそれがあります。	There is a risk of heavy rain on the 26th (Sun), occurring mainly on the Pacific side of Japan, and spreading all the way from the west to the east.
さらに27日（月）にかけて雨量が増えるため、土砂災害などに警戒が必要です。	The amount of precipitation is expected to further increase into the 27th (Mon), so vigilance should be taken in landslide-prone areas.
26日（日）は、北海道は晴れ間が出ますが、東北から九州にかけてはくもりや雨の所が多いでしょう。	On the 26th (Sun), Hokkaido will experience moments of sunshine, but many places from Tohoku to Kyushu will experience cloudy weather or rain.
関東は晴れたり、雨が降ったりと変わりやすい天気になりそうです。	Weather in the Kanto region is likely to be changeable, experiencing both rain and clear spells.
未明は、九州南部で活発な雨雲がかかる見込みです。	From early morning, dense rain clouds can be expected to gather in southern Kyushu.
四国から東海にかけては、断続的に激しい雨が降り、雨の時間が長くなりそうです。	From Shikoku to the Tokai region, intermittent heavy rain will lead into a lengthy period of rain.
26日（日）午後6時までに予想される雨の量は多い所で、四国と東海で200ミリ、近畿と関東甲信で120ミリ、北陸で80ミリとなっています。	The predicted precipitation by 6pm on the 26th (Sun) is expected to reach up to 200mm in Shikoku and the Tokai region, 120mm in the Kinki and Kanto-Koshin regions, and 80mm in Hokuriku.
さらに27日（月）にかけて雨量が増えるため土砂災害などに警戒が必要です。	The amount of precipitation is expected to further increase into the 27th (Mon), so vigilance should be taken in landslide-prone areas.
来週28日（火）以降は、西日本や東海で晴れる所が多くなります。	From the 28th (Tue) onwards, many places in western Japan and the Tokai region will be greeted with sunshine.
九州、中国、四国、近畿、東海は早ければ28日（火）ごろ梅雨明けの発表があるかもしれません。	The end of the rainy season may be announced for Kyushu, Shikoku and the Chugoku, Kinki and Tokai regions as early as the 28th (Tue).
ただ、梅雨明け後は厳しい暑さになるため熱中症にご注意ください。	However, the end of the rainy season will bring about a heatwave, so please take precautions against heatstroke.
関東は27日（月）は日差しが出ますが、午後は上空の寒気の影響でにわか雨や雷雨があるでしょう。	The Kanto region will see some early sunshine on the 27th (Mon), but the afternoon will turn to rain and thunderstorms due to colder air in the upper atmosphere.
28日（火）と29日（水）もにわか雨の可能性があり、関東甲信の梅雨明けは次の週末以降になりそうです。	There is also a chance of rain showers on the 28th (Tue) and 29th (Wed), and the Kanto-Koshin region is unlikely to see an end to the rainy season until after the next weekend.
（気象予報士・内藤俊太郎）	(Weather forecaster: Shuntaro Naito)
特産品認証の独自ブランド刷新 岡山県商工会連、ＰＲ強化図る ：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Okayama Prefecture Chamber of Commerce Gives a Makeover to its Original Brand of Special Product Certification, Strengthens PR: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San-Digi
岡山県商工会連合会は、県特産品を認証する独自ブランド「サンさん晴れのめぐみ」をリニューアルした。	The Okayama Prefecture Chamber of Commerce has given a makeover to "San-san Hare No Megumi", its original brand for the certification of speciality good from the prefecture.
名称を「晴れのめぐみ岡山ブランド」に改め、優れた商品をたたえる制度を新設。	They have changed the name to "Hare No Megumi Okayama Brand" and established a new system for showcasing all the excellent products.
ＰＲ強化を図った。	The aim is to strengthen PR.
認証は、小規模事業者の販路開拓を目指して２００４年度に開始。	Certification began in 2004, with the aim of cultivating a market for small businesses.
１５年が過ぎたことから刷新した。	The main reason for the makeover was that 15 years have passed since its inception.
今年３月、各商工会から推薦のあった商品を審査し、地酒や職人が手作りした帽子など２２品を認証。	In March of this year, The Chamber of Commerce screened the products recommended by various associations of commerce and industry, and certified 22 products, including local craft sake and hats handmade by craftsmen.
旧ブランドから引き継いだ菓子や調味料、化粧品など９９品と合わせ１２１品をそろえた。	This brings the lineup to 121 products in total, including 99 products inherited from the old brand, such as snacks, seasonings, and cosmetics.
今後も募る。	The chamber of Commerce will continue to invite contributions in the future.
品質などが特に優れた商品は「ベストセレクション賞」として表彰。	Products of particularly high quality are recognised with the "Best Selection Award".
今回は蒜山酪農農業協同組合（真庭市）の「蒜山ジャージーヨーグルト」に贈った。	This time, the award was given to Hiruzen Jersey Yogurt made by Hiruzen Dairy Farm Cooperative (Maniwa city)
新規性のある商品を対象とした「チャレンジ賞」には、旭テックス（備前市）の「カキオコ缶詰」を選んだ。	Canned Kakioko by Asahi Tex (Bizen city) was selected for the Challenger Award, which goes to novel products.
全商品を写真付きで紹介し、価格や販売先などを掲載したカタログを１万部作製。	Ten thousand copies of the catalog have been published, in which the various products are introduced along with photos, prices and where they are sold.
全国のバイヤーや輸出を手掛ける商社などに送ったほか、県内の観光案内所などで無料配布している。	It has been sent to buyers around the country and trading companies involved in export, and tourist information centres within the prefecture are also handing the catalog out for free.
桃の花と果実を組み合わせたロゴマークも作製し、認証商品はシールを貼ることができる。	The Chamber of Commerce has also created a logo that combines a peach and a peach flower, a sticker of which can be affixed to certified products.
同連合会は「地域資源を活用した商品ばかり。リニューアルで注目度を高め、魅力を伝えたい」としている。	A representative commented, "All the products utilize local resources. We hope that the makeover will raise their profile and communicate their appeal."
増田神社、例大祭を中止 コレラ対策尽力の殉職巡査祭る 唐津市肥前町高串 コロナ影響 きょう神事のみ実施｜まちの話題｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Masuda Shrine, Dedicated To Police Officer Killed in the Line of Duty in the Fight Against Cholera, Cancels Regular Festival; Takakushi, Hizenmachi, Karatsu City; Only Kyo Shinto Rites Performed Due to the Impact of COVID-19  | Local Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
コレラ対策に尽くして殉職した増田巡査を祭る増田神社＝唐津市肥前町田野	Masuda Shrine, dedicated to a police officer killed in the line of duty fighting against cholera: Tano, Hizenmachi, Karatsu City
２０１９年７月、地区をパレードした白馬に乗った増田巡査の山車＝唐津市肥前町田野（提供）	A festival float of Officer Masuda on a white horse paraded around the area in July 2019: Provided by Tano, Takakushi, Hizenmachi, Karatsu city
唐津市肥前町田野の高串地区にある増田神社は、１２５年前に地域に広がった伝染病コレラの対策に尽力し、殉職した増田敬太郎巡査（１８６９～９５年）を祭っている。	Masuda Shrine, located in Takakushi district of Tano, Hizenmachi, Karatsu City, is dedicated to police officer Masuda Keitaro (1869-1895), who lost his life in the line of duty, working on measures against the area's infectious cholera outbreak 125 years ago.
毎年７月下旬に例大祭を盛大に開いてきたが、今年は新型コロナウイルスの影響で中止。	It used to hold a lively regular festival at the end of July every year, but it was cancelled this year due to the impact of COVID-19.
２６日に自治会長らで神事だけを執り行う。	Only the Shinto rites, performed by the president of the Neighborhood Association and others, will take place on the 26th.
例大祭は自治会が開き、白馬に乗った増田巡査の山車のパレードや花火の打ち上げなどをしてきた。	The larger festival has always been held by the neighborhood association, consisting of a parade with a festival float of Officer Masuda on a horse as well as a fireworks display.
熊本県在住の遺族や警察関係者、地域住民など例年２００人近くが参列する。	In normal years, the parade attracts a crowd of nearly 200 participants, including Mausda's descendants from Kumamoto prefecture, law enforcement personnel, and local residents.
今年はコロナ禍でメディアから取材の問い合わせが増えたと言い、自治会長の武田良徳さん（７２）は「地域でつないできた例大祭で毎年にぎわう。中止は大変残念」と話す。	Commenting that media requests for interviews have increased this year amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Neighborhood Association President Takeda Yoshitoku (72) stated, "The regular festival that brings the community together flourishes every year. The cancellation is so unfortunate."
県警は警察学校生たちが訪れる慰霊祭も今年は取りやめた。	Prefectural police also cancelled this year's memorial service, which is attended by students from the police academy.
２１日に杉内由美子本部長と福島寛人唐津署長らが、荼毘（だび）に付された高串港沖にある小松島を訪れて碑に献花した。	On the 21st, Chief Director Suginai Yumiko, Karatsu Chief of Police Fukushima Hiroto, and others visited where Masuda's ashes were placed in Komatsushima, offshore from Takakushi Port, and laid flowers at the monument.
杉内本部長は「勇敢で献身的な精神こそ、警察の原点。あるべき姿として引き継いでいきたい」と思いを新たにした。	It renewed Chief Director Suginai's mindset of "a brave and self-sacrificing spirit being the central tenet of policing, and wanting to carry this on as the ideal vision."
熊本県出身の増田巡査は１８９５（明治２８）年７月に高串に赴任。	Officer Masuda, a native of Kumamoto, was appointed to Takakushi in July 1895 (Meiji 28).
患者宅を消毒するなど不眠不休で対策に当たり、その後に自身もコレラに感染。	In the course of tireless efforts such as disinfecting patient's houses, he also contracted cholera himself.
「高串のコレラは全部背負って行きます」と言い残し、着任してわずか４日目に２５歳で亡くなった。	He died at age 25, only four days after taking up his post, leaving behind the message "I will take on all of the cholera in Takakushi."
レイズ筒香「3番・三塁」でメジャーデビュー 初打席は柳賢振の前に二ゴロ（ベースボールキング ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Rays' Tsutsugo's First Turn at Bat Since Major Debut as "Number 3, Third Baseman", Two Gounders Facing Hyun-jin Ryu (Baseball King) - Yahoo! News
◆ 山口俊と"元同僚対決"の可能性も	Possibility for a "former teammate showdown" with Yamaguchi Shun looming
ポスティングシステムを利用しDeNAからメジャーリーグのレイズへ移籍した筒香嘉智外野手（28）現地時間24日（日本時間25日 ） 、 レイズの本拠地「トロピカーナ・フィールド」で行われたブルージェイズとの開幕戦に「3番・三塁」でスタメン出場。	On the 24th local time (25th Japan time), outfielder Tsutsugo Yoshitomo (28), who transferred via the posting system from DeNA to the Major League Rays, participated in the starting lineup as "number 3, third baseman" in the opening game against the Blue Jays held at the Ray's home base, "Tropicana Field."
注目のメジャー初打席は二ゴロだった。	His anticipated first bat as a major resulted in two grounders.
ブルージェイズには筒香とDeNA時代ともにプレーし、巨人からポスティングシステムを利用し移籍した山口俊も所属。	Shun Yamaguchi, who played with Tsutsugo during his time with DeNA and transferred from the Giants using the posting system, also belongs to the Blue Jays.
右腕はリリーフ待機しており、いきなり元同僚対決が実現する可能性もある。	He is waiting as a right-hand reliever, and there is a possibility there will be a sudden showdown of the former teammates.
山陽小野田市２例目の新型コロナ感染確認受け市長メッセージ【山陽小野田】｜宇部日報 このまちメディアWeb	Sanyo Onoda City: Message from the Mayor After Second Case of COVID-19 Confirmed [Sanyo Onoda] | Ube Nippo, Kono Machi Media Web
山陽小野田市で２例目となる新型コロナウイルスの感染者が確認されたのを受けて、藤田剛二市長は２３日、メッセージを発表した。	Mayor Fujita Koji released a message on the 23rd after the second COVID-19 infection in Sanyo Onoda city was confirmed.
県や市が発信する正確な情報に基づく冷静な対応と、患者や家族に対する配慮を呼び掛けている。	He urged residents to respond calmly based on accurate information issued by the prefecture and the city, and to be considerate towards the infected patients and their families.
県内で１６日以降、８人の感染者が確認されるなど、感染の広がりが懸念されていることから、せきエチケットや３密の回避など基本的な対策の徹底を強調。	There have been eight confirmed cases in the prefecture since the 16th, causing concerns about the spread of infection, so Mayor Fujita reiterated the need to be thorough about basic countermeasures such as coughing etiquette and avoiding the Three Cs.
うつらない、うつさないという意識を持って、適宜適切な判断や行動をするよう促している。	He is urging people to exercise appropriate judgment and behavior, being mindful not to get infected or spread the infection.
不安に思う市民に対して藤田市長は「国や県の動向を注視しつつ、市民の大切な命と生活、地域経済を守るため、全力で必要な策を講じていくので、理解と協力を」としている。	To address residents' fears, Mayor Fujita said, "Please cooperate and understand that, while monitoring national and prefectural trends, I will do everything in my power to take the necessary measures to protect the precious lives and livelihoods of city residents as well as the local economy."
ドジャース・ベッツ、12年総額391億円で契約！	Betts signs 12-year contract with the Dodgers for a whopping 39.1 billion yen!
エンゼルス・トラウトに次ぐ史上2番目の規模！	It's the second biggest contract after the Angels' Mike Trout!
ロサンゼルス・ドジャースのムーキー・ベッツ外野手が、新しく契約を結んだことがわかった。	It was revealed that Right fielder Mookie Betts has signed a new contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
オフにボストン・レッドソックスから移籍。	He was traded to the Dodgers by the Boston Red Sox during the off-season.
新天地での最初の1年を前に、2032年までの契約を結んだことになる。	This means that before the start of his first year at his new home, he is already in a contract through to 2032.
米メディア『CBSスポーツ』など各社が22日（日本時間23日 ） 、 伝えた。	US media outlets such as CBS Sports broke the news on the 22nd (23rd, Japan time).
【動画】Rソックス・ベッツが多彩な才能を発揮！	Video: Betts shows off a wide range of abilities with the Red Sox!
野球以外にもこんなことできるんです！	He can also do some other amazing things besides baseball!
ベッツは2014年、21歳でメジャーデビュー。	Betts made his major league debut in 2014 at the age of 21.
ボストン・レッドソックスの強力打線の中心として、また強肩の右翼手としてチームに貢献してきた。	He played a central role in the Boston Red Sox's strong batting lineup, and also flourished as a right fielder with a powerful throw.
2015年から昨季まで、毎年40本以上の二塁打を記録する、中距離打者の頂点のような存在だ。	From 2015 up until last season, he was the quintessential intermediate-range batter, racking up more than 40 doubles every year.
世界一となった2018年には、打率.346で首位打者とMVPに輝いた。	In 2018, he became the world's number one with an average of .346, batting champion and MVP.
『CBSスポーツ』によればベッツは昨年、レッドソックスからの10年3億ドル（約321億円）規模のオファーを退けていたという。	According to CBS Sports, last year, Betts rejected a 10-year offer from the Red Sox for 300 million dollars (approximately 32.1 billion yen).
オフには左腕エースのデービッド・プライス投手とともに、金銭と複数選手との交換でドジャースにトレード移籍。	During the off-season, the Red Sox traded Betts to the Dodgers together with ace left-handed pitcher, David Price, in exchange for cash considerations and multiple players.
今季の契約は1年2700万ドル（約29億円）となっている。	Betts' contract for this season is 27 million dollars (approximately 2.9 billion yen) for the year.
今回報じられた新たな契約は、2021年シーズンから、2032年シーズンまでの12年間で、総額3億6500万ドル（約391億円）というもの。	His new contract is for 12 years, from the 2021 season to the 2032 season, and is reported to be worth a total of 365 million dollars (approximately 39.1 billion yen).
現在のMLBで最も総額が大きい契約はロサンゼルス・エンゼルスのマイク・トラウト外野手の12年4億2600万ドル（約456億円 ） 。	To date, the largest contract in major league baseball went to Mike Trout, centre fielder for the Los Angeles Angels, totalling 426 million dollars (approximately 45.6 billion yen) for 12 years.
今回のベッツの契約は、これに次ぐ2番目の額ということになる。	Betts' latest contract will become the second largest amount after that.
今オフにフリーエージェント（FA）となるベッツに関しては、市場に出れば争奪戦が必至だった。	Since Betts was due to become a free agent during this off-season period, it was inevitable that there would be a fierce battle to snap him up if he ever went on the market.
FAとなる前に、長期間・高額の契約を結ぶ近年のトレンドに従った形になる。	His contract follows the recent trend of tying players into long-term, big-money contracts before they become free agents.
激動のMLBにおいて、ベッツは長期的な安定を手にすることとなった。	This means that in the turbulent world of major league baseball, Betts has been granted some long-term stability.
生活に関わる目の病気解説 健康ほっとセミナー ひらまつ病院 木下眼科部長｜まちの話題｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Dr Kinoshita, Head of Ophthalmology at Hiramatsu Hospital, Explains Eye Ailments Related to Daily Life in Hotto Health Seminar | Local Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
ドライアイなどを解説したひらまつ病院の木下明夫眼科部長＝佐賀市のメガネのヨネザワ佐賀本店	Dry eye and more explained by Dr Kinoshita Akio, Hiramatsu Hospital's head of ophthalmology, at the Saga branch of Yonezawa Glasses
ひらまつ病院の木下明夫眼科部長がドライアイなどを解説した「ほっとセミナー」＝佐賀市のメガネのヨネザワ佐賀本店	Hiramatsu Hospital's head of ophthalmology, Dr Kinoshita Akio, explains dry eye and more in the Hotto Seminar at the Saga branch of Yonezawa Glasses
健康に関するいろいろな悩みについて専門家がアドバイスする「健康ほっとセミナー 」 （ 佐賀新聞社主催、メガネのヨネザワ共催）が２５日、佐賀市下田町のメガネのヨネザワ佐賀本店で開かれた。	A Health Hotto Seminar (organised by Saga Shimbun, co-hosted by Yonezawa Glasses) was held on the 25th at the Saga branch of Yonezawa Glasses in Shimodamachi, Saga city, to provide advice from experts on various health-related issues.
ひらまつ病院（小城市）の木下明夫眼科部長がドライアイや白内障など生活に深く関わる目の病気について解説した。	Dr Kinoshita Akio, the head of ophthalmology at Hiramatsu Hospital (Ogi city), explained about dry eye, cataracts, and other eye ailments that are closely related to daily life.
ドライアイは「涙の病気」と言われ、涙の質が崩れ、目の表面に涙が均等に行き渡らなくなる病気と説明。	He explained that dry eye, known as a tear disease, is an illness where the quality of lachrymal secretion deteriorates so it is not evenly distributed over the surface of the eye.
木下さんは「コンタクトレンズ使用者は約４倍なりやすい」と話し 、 「 長時間の使用や着けたまま寝ないようにして」と注意を促した。	Dr Kinoshita said that, "Contact lens users are about four times as likely to suffer from dry eye," urging caution to "try not to use them for long periods or to sleep with them in."
パソコンの画面を目の高さより下に置くことや、エアコンが効いた部屋では加湿することなど対策を示した。	He suggested measures such as lowering computer screens to below eye level and humidifying rooms where air conditioners are running.
ドライアイに効果がある成分や食べ物も紹介した。	He also introduced nutrients and foods that can be effective against dry eye.
「青魚などに含まれる『オメガ３』は涙の蒸発を防ぎ、納豆やオクラに多く含まれる『ムチン』は涙の質を高める」とした。	He said, "Omega-3, which is present in foods such as oily fish, can prevent the evaporation of lachrymal fluid, and mucin, which is present in large amounts in natto and okra, can improve the quality of lachrymal fluid."
白内障の手術については、水晶体の代わりに挿入する眼内レンズに単焦点と多焦点のものがあり、見え方の違いなどに触れた。	With regard to cataract surgery, he also touched on the monofocal and multifocal types of intraocular lenses inserted instead of crystalline lenses and the differences in visual performance between them.
セミナーには約４０人が参加した。	Approximately 40 people participated in the seminar.
新型コロナウイルス感染予防対策として、午前と午後の２部に分けて少人数で開き、入場前の検温や消毒、会場の十分な換気を実施した。	The seminar was split into two small group sessions, one in the morning and one in the afternoon, as a measure to prevent the spread of COVID-19, attendees also had their temperature taken and sanitised their hands before entering, and the venue was kept sufficiently ventilated.
ディミトロフと練習のチャンス、ATPがオークション出品＜男子テニス＞（tennis365.net ） - Yahoo!ニュース	ATP puts chance to practice with Grigor Dimitrov up for auction <men's tennis> (tennis365.net) - Yahoo!News
男子プロテニス協会のATPは23日に公式サイトで、世界ランク19位のG・ディミトロフ（ブルガリア）と練習できる権利をオークションで販売していると発表した。	The governing body of men's tennis, the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), announced on 23rd on its official website that it will be putting the right to practice with Grigor Dimitrov, the world No. 19 Bulgarian player, up for auction.
【ディミトロフ陰性に「感謝 」 】 ATPは新型コロナウイルスの影響を受けているテニス指導者や感染患者を救済する基金への寄付を目的とした限定コーチングイベントを開催。	[Dimitrov grateful that COVID-19 test came back negative] ATP is organising an exclusive coaching event to raise money to help people infected with COVID-19 and tennis coaches who have been adversely affected by the pandemic.
各コーチとのレッスンをオークションにて入札し、購入に成功すると2時間の練習をプライベートで受けることができる。	Bidders will be able to bid on lessons with each of the coaches, with the successful bidder receiving 2 hours' private training with the coach of their choice.
ATPは今回、落札者はディミトロフとコーチングチームによる1時間の練習に参加することができ、また2021年のヨーロッパまたはアメリカシーズンの大会にゲストとして観戦できると発表した。	ATP has also announced that successful bidders will also be able to join Dimitrov and his coaching team for an hour of practice, as well as attend the 2021 European or American championships as a guest.
他のオークションでは世界ランク56位のF・ロペス（スペイン）と共に1時間コートで練習できる権利と2021年のムチュア・ マドリッド・オープン男子（スペイン/ マドリッド、レッドクレー、ATP1000）のプレミアム観戦チケットや、世界ランク2位のR・ナダル（スペイン）のコーチであるC・モヤ（スペイン）との練習が出品されている。	Other things going up for auction include the chance to practice on court for an hour with world No. 56 Feliciano López (Spain), premium tickets for the 2021 Mutua Madrid Men's Open (Madrid, Spain; red clay; ATP Tour Masters 1000), and the chance to practice with Carlos Moyá (Spain), the coach of world No. 2 Rafael Nadal (Spain).
放送番組審議会 夕方ワイド番組に意見（福島県 ） （ 福島中央テレビ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Broadcast Program Council comments on the Long Evening Program (Fukushima Prefecture) (Fukushima Central Television) --Yahoo! News
福島中央テレビが放送する番組について意見を交わす放送番組審議会が、開かれた。	The broadcast program council was held to exchange opinions on the programs broadcast by Fukushima Central Television.
今回の放送番組審議会では、月曜日から金曜日に午後３時５０分から放送している「ゴジてれＣｈｕ！第１部 」 （ ６月１７日放送分）について意見が交わされた。	At this Broadcast Program Council, opinions were exchanged on "Gojitere Chu! Part 1" (aired on June 17th), a program broadcasted Mondays to Fridays from 3:50 pm.
番組では新型コロナウイルスの感染が懸念される中、自然災害へどう備えたら良いかや、家庭でのストレッチなどについて紹介した。	In the program, ideas were introduced on how to prepare for natural disasters and stretching exercises at home during times when people are concerned about the spread of the New Coronavirus.
委員からは 、 「 梅雨の時期を迎え、注意喚起を促す適切な内容だったと思う 」 「 有益な情報をわかりやすく伝えようとする姿勢を評価したい」などの声があった一方で 、 「 忙しく慌ただしい印象を受けることがある 」 「 多くの人に呼びかけるための工夫も必要」といった意見が出た。	The committee members commented, "the content of the program was appropriate to raise awareness for the rainy season", "we highly value the easy to understand and informative content", as well as, "the program gave an impression of being too busy and hectic”, “they need to work on ways to reach out to more people.”
新型コロナ感染 消防署でクラスター「応援体制を組み、業務に支障は出ない 」 （ UTYテレビ山梨 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	New COVID-19 infection cluster outbreak at local fire department, "Support has been set up, and there will be no halt to normal operations" (Television Yamanashi) - Yahoo!News
甲府市は市内の３０代の男性が新型コロナウイルスに感染したと発表しました。	The city of Kofu announced that a man in his 30s has been infected by COVID-19.
新たに感染が確認されたのは甲府地区消防本部南消防署の３０代の男性職員です。	This newly confirmed infection is in a man in his 30s employed at the southern division of Kofu District Fire Department.
この男性は甲府地区消防本部内でこれまでに感染が確認されている４人の濃厚接触者ではありませんでしたが、今月１４日に発熱などの症状がありＰＣＲ検査を受けきのう陽性が判明しました。	The man was not in close contact with any of the four cases previously confirmed at the fire department, yet after coming down with a fever and other symptoms on the 14th of this month, he was found to be positive after undergoing a PCR test.
現在、症状はなく自宅待機しているということです。	As of now, he has no symptoms and is self-isolating at home.
南消防署の職員の感染は５人目で、県や市はクラスターが発生したとしています。	The man is the fifth person to become infected at the southern division of the fire department, and the prefecture and city are treating it as an infection cluster outbreak.
他にも感染が疑われる症状がある職員が６人いて現在、ＰＣＲ検査を行っています。	Six other members of staff exhibiting symptoms that suggest infection are currently undergoing PCR tests.
消防では応援体制を組み別の隊を配置することで業務に支障は出ないとしています。	The fire department gives its assurance that normal operations will not be affected, having set up support and deployed another team to cover.
県内で感染が確認されたのは再度陽性が判明したケースを除いて８５人目です。	This marks the 85th confirmed case in the prefecture, excluding cases of reinfection.
【Ｇ大阪】１７歳ＦＷ唐山、神戸戦でＪ１デビューの可能性は？	[Gamba Osaka] 17-year-old FW Toyama, what is the possibility of J1 debut against Kobe?
宮本監督「得点力は突出 」 （ スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Coach Miyamoto "Scoring power is outstanding" (Sports Hochi) --Yahoo! News
Ｇ大阪の宮本恒靖監督（４３）が２５日、４連勝をかけて臨む神戸戦（２６日・ノエスタ）を前に取材に応じ、前節初めてトップチームでメンバー入りした高校３年生ＦＷ唐山翔自（１７）への期待を明かした。	Gamba Osaka manager Miyamoto Tsuneyasu (43) responded to an interview on the 25th, ahead of the Kobe match (26th, Noevir Stadium), in which they will seek a fourth consecutive victory, and revealed his expectation for Toyama Shoji (17), a high school senior who joined the top team for the first time in the previous season.
指揮官は今季飛び級でトップ昇格した唐山を２２日・広島戦でベンチメンバーに。	The manager will keep Toyama who was promoted to the top this season, on the bench in the match against Hiroshima on the 22nd.
出場機会は与えなかったが、ここまでＪ３では今季５試合で３得点と結果を残しているストライカーに対し「点を取るというところに対し、突出した部分がある。１７歳ですけど、もっともっとガムシャラにやってほしい。これまでも若くして海外に行く選手を見てきましたけど、高い意識とどん欲さをもってプレーしてほしい」と注文も付けた。	Although he didn't allow any chances to play, he said about the striker, who has scored 3 goals in 5 games this J3 season so far, "He has an outstanding talent to score. He's still only 17 so I want him to be rapacious. I've seen players who go abroad at a young age, but I want them to play with high mindedness and ferociousness."
唐山は昨季、特別指定選手として出場したＪ３で１０試合８ゴール。	Toyama scored 8 goals in 10 games in J3, in which he participated in as a specially designated player last season.
１７８センチ、６５キロと細身だが、瞬時の動き出しでＤＦの裏を取るセンス、密集する相手ゴール前で見せるシュートまでの冷静さなどを武器に、Ｊ３では１５試合１１ゴールと驚異的な得点率を誇っている。	Slender at 178 cm and a 65 kg frame, he has an amazing scoring rate of 11 goals in 15 games in J3, is agile and managing to outwit the DF, and is calm to shoot even in front of the crowded opponent's goal.
広島戦はＦＷアデミウソン、ＭＦ小野瀬が負傷によりベンチ外となり、チャンスを得た唐山だが、出場機会はなし。	In the match against Hiroshima, FW Ademilson and midfielder Onose were on the bench with injuries, and Toyama might have had a chance, but he was not played.
宮本監督は神戸戦に向け、アデミウソンと小野瀬の状態を「ふたりとも１００％ではないですけど、意欲高く準備に挑んでくれている」と説明。	Coach Miyamoto explained that Ademilson and Onose's conditions are  "not 100%, but they are enthusiastically preparing for the match against Kobe."
ふたりを温存するとなれば、再び唐山にベンチ入りの可能性が出てくる。	If they are to be saved, there is a possibility Toyama maybe on the bench again.
Ｇ大阪ではＭＦ堂安＝現ＰＳＶ＝が１６歳１１か月、ＦＷ宇佐美が１７歳０か月でＪ１デビューを果たし、１０代で海外へと活躍の場を移した。	In Gamba Osaka, midfielder Doan = current PSV = made his J1 debut at the age of 16 years and 11 months, and FW Usami at 17 years and 0 months old, and moved overseas as a teenager.
次なるタレントとして期待がかかる現在１７歳１０か月の唐山も、彼らに続く存在としてＪ１デビューに期待がかかる。	Toyama, who is now 17 years and 10 months old is expected to be the next talent, expected to make his J1 debut following in their footsteps.
26年前に盗まれたフェラーリが川の底で発見される│復元はせず作品へ（octane.jp ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Ferrari stolen 26 years ago found at the bottom of a river, to be put on display as is without being restored (octane.jp) - Yahoo!News
1994年、オランダでフェラーリ・モンディアルが盗まれるという事件があった。	In Holland in 1994, a crime was committed in which a Ferrari Mondial was stolen.
警察も解決できないまま時が過ぎていたが、26年経ち奇跡的にそのモンディアルが発見されたというのだ。	The police had no leads, and the case remained unsolved for many years, until one day, 26 years later, the Mondial was miraculously discovered.
川の底で発見されたフェラーリ（写真4点） 発見のきっかけとなったのは、消防署の潜水トレーニングだった。	The Ferrari found at the bottom of the river (4 photos) A fire department doing diver training nearby led to the car's discovery.
7月8日、訓練中のダイバーが川の底に沈むウェッジシェイプの何かを発見し、警察、オランダ軍までもが出動し、その何かを引き上げたところフェラーリ・モンディアルであったのだ。	On July 8th, a diver training in the river discovered something wedge-shaped on the riverbed, police and even the Dutch army were called the scene, and what they pulled out of the river was the Ferrari Mondial.
VIN番号を盗難車のデータベースと照合することにより、このフェラーリを1994年の事件に関連付けることができた。	By checking the vehicle identification number against the stolen vehicle database, they were able to link this Ferrari with the 1994 robbery.
車はその法的所有者である保険会社に引き渡され、その後スクラップ業者に送られている。	The car was handed over to its legal owner, an insurance company, after which it was sent to a scrapyard.
スクラップ業者のLowie van DE Ooyevaarは「まだいくつかの残っている部品はありますが、飾っておくような芸術のためのものです。バラバラにされたモンディアルからテーブルを作りたい人から、すでに多くのリクエストを受けています。エンジンブロックやガラスプレートを使用します」 と話している。	Scrapyard owner Lowie van De Ooyevaar said, "There's still quite a few remaining parts, so they'll be put to use as decorative artworks. I've already received a lot of requests from people who want to make tables from dismantled parts of the Mondial. We will make them with the engine block and glass."
当面の間は具体的な販売は考えておらず、オブジェのような存在としてスクラップ業者が保管するとのことだ。	For the time being, Ooyevaar does not have a concrete plan to sell any of the artworks he will create, merely to display them at the scrapyard.
西武・外崎が初サヨナラ打	Seibu • Tonosaki hits his first walk off in the sixth year of his career.
プロ６年目"持っていない男"がついに！	" The man who doesn't have" has finally done it!
（サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	(Sankei Sports) --Yahoo! News
（パ・リーグ、西武３ｘ－２ロッテ、９回戦、西武６勝３敗、２４日、メットライフ）執念の白星だ ！ ！	(Pacific League, the 24th, Seibu 3x-2 vs Lotte, 9th inning, Seibu six wins, three losses, at MetLife) A determined win!!
西武・外崎修汰内野手（２７）が２４日、ロッテ９回戦（メットライフ）の九回、左前へプロ６年目で初のサヨナラ打を放ち、３－２の勝利に貢献。	On the 24th, Seibu • Tonosaki Shuta infielder (27) contributed to the 3-2 victory against Lotte in the ninth game, by hitting his first walk off to the left infield, in his sixth year as a professional (MetLife).
源田のヘッドスライディングや森の犠打などで演出された好機を生かした。	Taking advantage of the opportunities with Genda's head-first slide and Mori's sacrifice bunt.
一丸となって競り勝ったチームは貯金を２とした。	The team has made unanimous effort to win with a two game lead.
本拠地・メットライフドームに詰めかけたレオ党のボルテージが最高潮に達した。	The Leo fans with high energy packing into their home base, MetLife Dome, reached its climax.
外崎がプロ６年目で初となるサヨナラ打。	Tonosaki hits his first walk off in his sixth year as a pro.
４８２５人の観衆を沸かせた。	It excited a crowd of 4,825 people.
「源（源田）とか友哉（森）がつないでくれたので、何とかしてやろうという気持ちで打席に入った」 同僚の勝利への執念が、背番号５を奮い立たせた。	"Gen (Genda) and Tomoya (Mori) made the lead that connected me, so I stepped onto the box with an intention of making it happen." His teammates' efforts inspired the number five, leading to victory.
２－２で迎えた九回。	The score was 2-2 at the top of the 9th.
先頭打者の源田がセーフティーバントを試み、一塁に気迫のヘッドスライディング。	The first batter, Genda, tried to bunt and slid head first into first base with determination.
内野安打で出塁すると、昨季首位打者の森がプロ２度目の犠打を決めた。	After getting on base with an infield hit, Mori, the number one hitter last season, decided to make his second sacrifice bunt.
４番・山川は申告敬遠。	The number four hitter, Yamakawa was intentionally walked.
富士大の先輩が歩かされ、外崎の内心は燃えていた。	His senior teammate at Fuji University was walked, and Tonosaki was furious.
「 " くそー"と思っていた。山川さんが一塁に行く前に『積極的にいけよ』と、ひと言くれたので、グッと気持ちが入った」	"I thought damn. Before Yamakawa went to first base, he said to me, "be aggressive," so I felt really good."
１ボールから内角高めの直球に詰まったが、打球は左前にぽとりと落ちた。	After the first ball, he got jammed with a high fastball inside, but the ball dropped just into the left field.
アマチュア時代を通じて「記憶がない」というサヨナラ打。	Even during his amateur days, he has no recollection of a walk off hit.
母校の青森・弘前実高が２０年ぶりの夏の県大会４強進出を果たし、刺激も受けていた２７歳は、歓喜のウオーターシャワーを浴び「予想通り、気持ち良かった」と笑顔を見せた。	The 27-year-old, inspired by his alma mater, Hirosaki Jitsugyo High School (Aomori), advancing to the top four of the summer prefectural tournament for the first time in 20 years, smiled and said "As you would expect, it felt amazing" taking a water shower of joy.
"持ってない男"と呼ばれていた。	He has been called "The man who doesn't have it."
内外野を守れる万能選手として侍ジャパンに選ばれ、昨年１１月の「プレミア１２」で世界一に貢献。	He was selected by SAMURAI JAPAN as a versatile player who can defend the infield and outfield, and contributed to the win to become world's number 1 at the "Premier 12" last November.
だが、西武ではサヨナラ打の経験がなく、辻監督や馬場作戦兼守備・走塁コーチに「持ってないんだよ、お前」とイジられていた。	However, as a Seibu player, he had never experienced hitting a walk-off, and was teased by Manager Tsuji and Baba, the strategy, defense, and base running coach that "you just don't have it."
マイナスな評判をはね返し、今季２度目のサヨナラ勝ちを演出。	Bouncing back from the negative reputation, he produced the second walk-off win this season.
辻監督は「今日だけは頼むと勝利の女神にお願いしました。よく打ってくれた」とたたえた。	Director Tsuji praised saying, "I asked the goddess of victory, just for today. And he's made a good hit."
貯金２で、首位・ソフトバンクと１ゲーム差の３位。	Leading with two wins, they are in third place, one game behind the leader, Softbank.
今季はまだ１本塁打だけで、打率・２５２の外崎は「まだまだ打たないと。次の１勝を目指し、チーム一丸となってやっていきます」と語気を強めた。	With only one home run this season, Tonosaki with a batting average of .252, said with enthusiasm, "I still have to hit. We will work as one team to win the next one."
勝負を決めた一打を、復調のきっかけにする。	This winning hit will determine a chance for a come back.
（樋口航）	(Higuchi Kou)
ブランビーズ、フォースに貫録勝ちで首位に／ＳＲ（サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Brumbies' striking victory over the Force puts them in the lead/SR (Sankei Sports) - Yahoo!News
スーパーラグビー（ＳＲ）のオーストラリア大会は２４日、シドニーで第４節最終日を行い、ウェスタンフォースとブランビーズが対戦。	The last day of the 4th round of the Australian Super Rugby (SR) competition was held in Sydney on the 24th, when Western Force and Brumbies faced off against each other.
ブランビーズが２４－０で快勝し、開幕３連勝の勝ち点１４として首位に立った。	Brumbies easily won 24-0, taking the lead with 14 points after winning their first three games.
ブランビーズは試合開始１分過ぎにＷＴＢトム・ライトが先制トライをあげるなど、前後半に２トライずつを奪い、フォースを無得点に抑えてボーナスポイント１も加えた。	Winger Tom Wright scored an early try for Brumbies one minute into the game, and with two tries in each half, they prevented the Force from scoring, earning Brumbies a bonus point.
フォースは開幕３連敗で勝ち点１の最下位。	The Force are now at the bottom of the table with only one point, after losing their first three games.
この試合はフォースのホームゲームだったが、新型コロナウイルス感染拡大防止のため、パースではなくシドニーで開催した。	The fixture was a home game for the Force, but it was held in Sydney instead of Perth as a preventative measure to stop the spread of COVID-19 infection.
茅の輪くぐってコロナ禍払い 岡山神社で恒例の祭：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Stepping Through a Cogon Grass Ring to Ward Off the COVID-19 Calamity at Okayama Shrine's Traditional Festival: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San-Digi
岡山市北区石関町の岡山神社で２５日、恒例の「茅輪祭（ちのわまつり ） 」 があり、参拝者は災厄を払うとされる茅の輪をくぐり、無病息災や家内安全、新型コロナウイルスの収束を祈った。	The traditonal Chi-no-wa Festival was held on the 25th at Okayama Shrine in Ishizeki-cho, Kita-ku, Okayama city, a festival in which worshippers step through a cogon grass ring supposed to ward off disaster, to pray for good health, family safety, and an end to the COVID-19 pandemic.
境内に直径約２メートルの茅の輪が設けられ、久山信太郎宮司を先頭に、参拝者が左、右、左回りの順に３度通り抜けた。	A cogon grass ring about 2m in diameter was set up in the shrine grounds, through which worshippers passed three times - counterclockwise, clockwise, then counterclockwise again - with Chief Priest Shintaro Kuyama in the lead.
感染防止のため、参拝者に間隔を空けるよう呼び掛けて実施した。	Visitors to the shrine were asked to maintain distance from each other to prevent the risk of infection.
同市南区、自営業女性（４６）は「家族の健康とともに、コロナ禍が少しでも早く過ぎ去るようお願いしました」と話した。	A self-employed woman (46) from Minami-ku said, "I prayed for the health of my family and for the COVID-19 pandemic to end as soon as possible."
茅の輪は８月１日まで設けられ、自由にくぐることができる。	The cogon grass ring will remain in place until August 1st, and people are free to step through it as they please.
〈新型コロナ 支援の輪〉鹿島商工会議所青年部 祐徳稲荷神社の門前商店街に 豪雨被災地に除菌液贈る｜まちの話題｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	[A Ring of Support Amid COVID-19] The Young Entrepreneurs Group of Kashima Chamber of Commerce and Industry Donates Disinfectant to Areas Affected by Heavy Rains and the Shopping Arcade in Front of the Yutoku Inari Shrine Gates | Local Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
鹿島商工会議所青年部は２３日、今月の大雨で浸水被害に見舞われた鹿島市古枝の祐徳稲荷神社の門前商店街に除菌液を寄贈した。	On the 23rd, the Young Entrepreneurs Group of the Kashima Chamber of Commerce and insdustry donated disinfectant to the shopping arcade in front of the gates of Yutoku Inari Shrine, in Furueda, Kashima city, an area that suffered from flooding in heavy rains this month.
営業再開に向けて片付けに追われた店主らに対し、励ます気持ちを込めて贈った。	The donation was made in the hope of encouraging business owners who have been busy cleaning up in the aim of restarting business.
新型コロナウイルスの対策に役立ててもらう。	The disinfectant should come in useful for COVID-19 countermeasures.
濃度を調節した次亜塩素酸水５００ミリリットルを６０本分用意した。	The Young Entrepreneurs Group prepared sixty 500ml bottles of dilluted hypochlorite solution.
受け取った祐徳観光商店連盟（約３０軒）の諸岡文男会長は「観光客を受け入れるためにはお店が準備しておく必要がある。ありがたい」とお礼を述べた。	It was received by Chairman Morioka Fumio of the Yutoku Tourism and Commerce Association (formed of around 30 businesses), who expressed his appreciation, stating, "We need to prepare our shops in order to welcome tourists. We're grateful."
各店舗で手指の消毒や、多くの人が触れる扉の除菌などで使用する。	Each store will use the disinfectant to disinfect people's hands and sterilize doors and other surfaces that get touched a lot.
青年部の山口喜大会長（３９）は「コロナで大変な時期。同じ鹿島の業者として少しでも力になれたら」と話した。	Chairman Yamaguchi Yoshihiro (39) of the Young Entrepreneurs Group said, "These are tough times with COVID-19. As a Kashima businessman myself, so I hope this small gesture can be of help."
ブランド豚へ歩み着実 みのる養豚、JGAP取得（デーリー東北新聞社 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Steady progress towards branded pigs, Minoru farmed pigs, earns JGAP certification (Daily Tohoku Shimbun) --Yahoo! News
十和田市と六戸町にある農場で年間約5万頭の豚を飼育する「みのる養豚 」 （ 中野渡稔代表）は20日、十和田市役所に小山田久市長を訪ね、自社の農場が農畜産物の安全性を示す「JGAP（家畜・畜産物）認証」を取得したことを報告した。	On August 20th, the owner of "Minoru Pig Farm"  (CEO Nakanowatari Minoru) in Towada City and Rokunohe Town where 50,000 farmed pigs are raised each year, visited Mayor Oyamada Hisashi at Towada City Hall, to report his farm had obtained the "JGAP (Livestock/and Livestock Products) Certification" which indicates the safety of agricultural and livestock products.
県内の養豚事業者としては2例目の取得。	This is the second certification of a pig farm in the prefecture.
同社は、特別飼料として県産ニンニクの粉末を使う「ガーリックポーク」や、県産米を使う「地養豚（じようとん ） 」 などの生産を手掛けている。	The company produces "Garlic Pork," which uses prefecture-produced garlic powder as a special feed, and "Jiyoton," which uses prefecture-produced rice for the feed.
今回は5つある農場のうち、約1万頭を飼育して「地養豚」を生産する第5農場（六戸町）でJGAP認証を取得した。	This time, out of the five farms, farm number 5 (Rokunohe Town), which raises about 10,000 pigs and produces "Jiyoton", obtained the JGAP certification.
同社は 、 「 大手バイヤーに選んでもらうには認証が必要」という思いと、東京五輪の選手村で使う食材調達の条件になっていることを知ったことから、認証取得を目指した。	The company aimed to obtain certification because it knew that "certification is necessary to be selected by major buyers" and that it is a condition for procurement for ingredients used in the Olympic Village at the Tokyo Olympics.
昨年8月から青森銀行の支援を受け、JGAP指導員の資格を持つ行員とともに準備を進めた。	With the support of Aomori Bank since last August, preparations have been made with a bank employee who is qualified as a JGAP instructor.
今年3月3日に認証機関の審査を受け、食品の安全など計113項目の基準をクリア。	It was examined by a certification body on March 3rd of this year, and passed all 113 criteria including food safety.
同月13日付けで認証を得た。	They were certified on the 13th of the same month.
この日の訪問には、同社の中野渡稔代表と中野渡大常務、青森銀行の山田健夫・十和田南支店長と同銀行企業サポート部の石郷喜廣（のぶひろ）業務顧問が出席した。	CEO Nakanowatari Minoru and Managing Director Nakanowatari Dai from the company was joined by Yamada Takeo, General Manager of Aomori Bank, Towada Minami Branch, and Ishigo Nobuhiro, Aomori Bank, Advisor of Corporate Support Department, to visit that day.
小山田市長は「大変素晴らしい。（JGAP認証を）大いにPRして販路拡大につなげてほしい」とエールを送った。	Mayor Oyamada encouraged them by saying, "This is wonderful. I would like to see more promotion (of the JGAP certification) and expansion of sales channels."
中野渡稔代表は「これからも養豚のブランド化に尽力して十和田市に貢献したい」と意気込んだ。	CEO Nakanowatari Minoru enthusiastically replied, "I would like to continue to contribute to Towada City by making efforts to brand pig farming."
中野渡大常務は「残りの4農場でも認証取得を目指す」と今後の目標を語った。	Managing Director Nakanowatari Dai added, "We aim to obtain certification at the remaining four farms." expressing their future goals.
キャサリン妃 「パーフェクト」な膝丈ドレスが話題に 夫婦コーデも素敵すぎる！	Duchess Kate's Perfect Knee-length Dress is the Talk of the Town, and the Royal Couple's Coordination is Flawless
ウイリアム王子とキャサリン妃は今週、夫妻でパトロンを務めるチャリティ財団「ロイヤル・ファウンデーション」を代表し、新型コロナウイルス禍の最前線で戦う医療従事者や心理カウンセラーらと面談を行った。	This week, Prince William and Duchess Kate interviewed medical workers and psychiatrists on the front lines of the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic as representatives of the Royal Foundation charity organization, of which the couple are patrons.
サンドリンガム・ハウスで開かれたその会合の様子をSNS上で公開すると、キャサリン妃の「パーフェクト」な夏の装いに注目が集まった。	Duchess Kate's perfect summer look drew attention when images of the meeting held at Sandringham House were published on social media.
【写真】キャサリン妃 「パーフェクト」な白ドレスのコーディネート ウイリアム王子ともベストマッチ！	[Photo] Prince William also makes a great match, coordinated with Duchess Kate's perfect white dress
◇ ◇ ◇ 英雑誌「ハロー」によると、ウイリアム王子夫妻は、会合の後チャリティ財団を通して医療従事者及び心理カウンセラーらに180万ポンド（約2億4400万円）の資金援助を行うことを発表した。	According to the English magazine Hello!, Prince William and his wife announced after the meeting that, through the charity organization, they would give funding of 1.8 million pounds (approximately 244 million yen) to medical workers, psychiatrists, and others.
この特別な公務にキャサリン妃が選んだのは、夏らしい軽やかな白地にブルーのドット柄が特徴的な膝丈のドレスだった。	What Duchess Kate selected for this special official business was a light, summery, knee-length dress with a distinctive pattern of blue dots on a white background.
夏日が続く英国の気候にぴったりの「完璧な一着だった」という。	It's being hailed as the perfect outfit for the English climate, where the summer weather shows no signs of letting up.
そのさわやかなドレスとともに注目を集めたのは、仏ブランド「セザンヌ」の「ステファニー・カフ」というブレスレット。	Besides her fresh-looking dress, Kate's bracelet, a piece called the Stéphanie Cuff by the French brand Sézane, also drew attention.
ゴージャスなゴールドにパールがあしらわれた華やかなデザインで、価格は75ポンド（約1万円）とみられている。	With a showy design of gorgeous gold decorated with pearls, the price is thought to be 75 pounds (about 10,000 yen).
さらに耳元には、英ブランド「ミソマ」のゴールドのフープピアスを合わせていた。	Kate paired this with gold hoop earrings, by the English brand Missoma, in her ears.
シューズは、キャサリン妃の夏の定番である、ジュート素材のウェッジソールのエスパドリーユをセレクト。	Her shoes were wedge-soled espadrilles made of jute, a summer staple of the Duchess.
ライトブルーのジャケットに白シャツ、ネイビーのパンツを合わせたウイリアム王子とベストマッチした装いだった。	The outfit was a beautiful match for Prince William's light blue jacket, white shirt and navy pants.
ＮＹ株続落、１８２ドル安 米中関係の悪化懸念：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	NYSE Continues to Fall, Dropping 182 Points with a Weak Dollar Amid Concerns about US-China Relations: The Hokkaido Shimbun Press, Doushin Online Edition
【ニューヨーク共同】２４日のニューヨーク株式市場のダウ工業株３０種平均は続落し、前日比１８２・４４ドル安の２万６４６９・８９ドルで取引を終えた。	NEW YORK (Kyodo News) – The DOW Jones Industrial Average of the New York Stock Exchange continued its fall on the 24th, dropping 182.44 points from the previous day, with the dollar depreciating, to close at $26,469.89.
ハイテク株主体のナスダック総合指数は９８・２４ポイント安の１万０３６３・１８と続落した。	The tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index continued to fall, dropping by 98.24 points to 10,363.18.
米中の関係悪化への懸念から、売りが優勢となった。	Selling was predominant due to concerns about the deterioration of US-China relations.
米中の両政府が批判し合い、総領事館の閉鎖を求めたことが売り材料となった。	The bearish factors were mutual criticism between the US and Chinese governments as well as an embassy closure order.
米国で新型コロナウイルスの感染拡大の勢いが収まっていないことも相場の重しだった。	The uncontrolled spread of COVID-19 infections in the US was also part of the market weight.
銘柄別では、半導体のインテルが１６％下落した。	Looking at individual stocks, semiconductor giant Intel fell by 16%.
次世代半導体の開発の遅れが嫌気された。	It was soured by delays in the development of next-generation semiconductors.
通信機器のシスコシステムズも安かった。	Telecommunications manufacturer Cisco Systems' stock was also low.
向こうから弾（たま）さよけていく。	Dodging bullets from the enemy.
１回だけじゃない。	It wasn't just one time.
もうだめだと思ったことが８回くらいあった	There were probably eight times I thought it was over.
福岡県筑後市 土田喜代一さん	Tsuchida Kiyokazu, Chikugo city, Fukuoka prefecture
太平洋戦争の激戦地、パラオのペリリュー島から生還した３４人のうちの１人。	One of the 34 soldiers who made it back alive from Peleliu Island, Palau, the site of a brutal battle in the Pacific War.
１万人を超す日本兵が戦死し「９９・９９９パーセント」の死を覚悟した。	More than 10,000 Japanese soldiers died in the battle, prepared for death at a rate of 99.999%.
生死を分けたものは何だったのか。	What was it that made the difference between life and death?
「運ですよ。弾がよけていくから全然無傷だった 」 。	"It was luck. The bullets missed me, so I got away totally unharmed."
慰霊のためにペリリュー島を１４回訪問。	Tsuchida has visited Peleliu Island 14 times to console the spirits of the dead.
戦友たちの遺族や後世に凄惨（せいさん）な戦場を伝えるために、生き延びさせられたと考えることもあるという。	He also thinks he may have been allowed to survive to convey the horrors of the battlefield to the surviving relatives of his comrades and to future generations.
２０１７年、９７歳のとき、西日本新聞の取材に語った。	He spoke to The Nishinippon Shimbun in an interview in 2017, at age 97.
（西日本新聞社提供）	(Courtesy of The Nishinippon Shimbun)
乳児放置は「生活費稼ぐため」 １６時間置き去り疑い、母が供述｜静岡新聞アットエス	Mother Suspected of Leaving Baby for 16 Hours States "It Was to Earn a Living" | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
生後３カ月ぐらいの女児を東京都台東区の自宅に約１６時間置き去りにしたとして、保護責任者遺棄容疑で逮捕された自称アルバイト坂元愛容疑者（３０）が 、 「 生活費を稼ぐため、子どもを寝かせて外出した」と供述していることが、警視庁浅草署への取材で２５日分かった。	In an interview with the Metropolitan Police's Asakusa Police Station on the 25th, it was learned that suspect Sakamoto Ai (30), a self-styled part-time worker who was arrested on suspicion of abandoning her parental responsibilities after leaving her 3-month old baby daughter in her house in Taito ward, Tokyo, for about 16 hours, had stated "I put my daughter to bed and left the house to earn a living."
女児は２３日、搬送先の病院で死亡が確認された。	The baby girl was transported to a hospital on the 23rd, where she was confirmed dead.
浅草署によると、目立った外傷はなく、司法解剖したが死因は不詳。	According to Asakusa Police Station, there were no obvious signs of injury, and while a legally ordered autopsy was performed, the cause of death was unclear.
坂元容疑者は長女とみられる女児と２人暮らしで「結婚歴はない」と説明しており、署が育児や仕事の状況を確認している。	The suspect Sakamoto, who had lived together with the baby girl that was believed to be her first daughter, explained that she had never been married, and police are currently looking into the status of her childcare and employment.
中日・高橋、凡退も先制に貢献「一日でも早く取り戻す 」 （ サンケイスポーツ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Chunichi Dragons' Takahashi makes a contribution even though he is put out: "I want to recover as soon as possible" (Sankei Sports) - Yahoo!News
（セ・リーグ、中日１－０阪神、８回戦、４勝４敗、２５日、ナゴヤＤ）左太もも裏の肉離れで戦線離脱していた中日・高橋周平内野手（２６）が２５日、阪神８回戦の七回１死二塁で代打で登場。	(Central League, 25th, Nagoya Dome: Chunichi 1-0 Hanshin, 8 innings, 4 wins, 4 losses) Infielder Takahashi Shuhei (26), who had been away from the action after tearing the rear muscle of his left thigh, appeared as a pinch hitter in the 7th innings of a game against the Hanshin Tigers on the 25th, with one batter out and one on second base.
結果は二ゴロだった。	He was grounded out on his way to second base.
先頭の福田が中前打で出塁し、Ｄ１位・石川昂（東邦高）が投前バントを決めて１死二塁の先制機をつくった。	Leadoff batter Fukuda got on base with a hit out to the front of centre field, and first draft pick Ishikawa Takaya (Toho High School) made a sacrificial bunt in front of the pitcher, putting him out but getting Fukuda to second base.
ここがこの日昇格したばかりの背番号「３」の出番。	It was at this point that uniform number 3, who has just been elevated to that position, made his appearance.
ナゴヤドームに詰めかけた中日ファンから大きな歓声が上がった。	There was a big cheer from the Chunichi fans filling the seats at Nagoya Dome.
結果は西勇の初球のスライダーにバットを出て二ゴロだったが、最低限の仕事で２死三塁となり、続く井領が先制の遊撃内野安打を放った。	His bat connected with Nishi Yuka's first-pitched slider and he was grounded out, but with the minimum of effort, this resulted in two out and player at third base, followed by a shortstop infield hit from Iryo.
「ヒットを打つことが理想ですが、井領さんが打ってくれて点が入ってくれたのでうれしいです」とよろこんだ。	"Obviously, hitting the ball would be the ideal, but I'm glad that Iryo hit the ball and got us a point," said Takahashi, delighted.
もともと復帰には３～４週間を要する見込みだったが、丸２週間のスピード復帰。	It was originally estimated that it would be three to four weeks before he returned, but he made a speedy recovery in just two weeks.
与田監督も 「 （ 状態は）７０～８０％ぐらいかなと思う。これは本人の感覚ですから、見てる部分ではそんな感じですけど、でも十分、予想以上に早い回復だと思っています。打ったあとの走り方も特に気になりませんでしたし、徐々に慣れていけばスタメンも近いのかなと思います」と話した。	Manager Yoda also commented, saying, "I think (his condition) is at about 70-80%. I mean obviously only Takahashi himself knows how he feels, but that's the sense I get from watching him, and yet, he's made a far speedier recovery than I expected. I didn't have any particular concerns about the way he ran after hitting the ball either, so, if he gradually gets used to it, then I think it won't be long until he's in the starting lineup."
高橋自身も「離脱していた分を一日でも早く取り戻します」と決意。	Takahashi himself seemed resolute, saying, "I want to hurry up and regain what I lost when I was out of action."
頼れる主将がチームを押し上げていく。	A dependable captain supports his team.
豪雨、北遠の「交通」に爪痕 国道１５２号１０キロ通行止め、ＪＲ飯田線一部区間不通｜静岡新聞アットエス	Heavy Rains Disrupt Hokuen Traffic, 10km of National Route 152 Closed, Some Sections of the JR Iida Line Closed | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
国道１５２号が全面通行止めとなり、片側交互通行の迂回路の通行待ちをする車の列＝２２日午後、浜松市天竜区龍山町（写真の一部を加工しています）	National Route 152 was subject to a total road closure, with lines of vehicles waiting to take the detour, where one side of the road was closed and traffic could only pass at alternate intervals: At Tatsuyamacho, Tenryu ward, Hamamatsu City, on the afternoon of the 22nd (Photo partially altered)
九州をはじめ日本各地に甚大な被害をもたらした７月の豪雨で、静岡県内でも被災が大きかった浜松市天竜区域。	July's heavy rains caused severe damage in Kyushu and other parts of Japan, and even in Shizuoka prefecture, the Tenryu area of Hamamatsu city was particularly affected.
基幹道路の国道１５２号や「生活の足」のＪＲ飯田線などに土砂災害の影響が残り、復旧に時間を要する箇所も多い。	Landslides have affected National Route 152, a major road, and the JR Iida Line, many people's daily mode of transport, and many places still need time for recovery.
住民は日常生活の不便さに加え、経済活動などへの悪影響に不安を募らせている。	It has not only been an inconvenience in the lives of local residents, but has also caused worries about the negative impact on economic activity.
同区龍山町の天竜川にかかる瀬尻橋では日中、通行待ちの長い車列が続く。	During the day, there are long lines of vehicles waiting to cross Sejiri Bridge, which spans the Tenryu River in the Tatsuyamacho part of the city.
先頭車は４０分近く停車したまま。	Vehicles at the front had been stopped for close to 40 minutes.
国道１５２号線が約１０キロ全面通行止めになり、町内移動には天竜川対岸への迂回（うかい）が必要。	Approximately 10km of National Route 152 has been subject to a total road closure, necessitating a detour to the opposite bank of the Tenryu River in order to be able to get around town.
ただ、道幅は狭く、全区間が片側交互通行で、待ち時間は予測できない。	However, the road is narrow and, along the whole section, traffic can only pass on one side at alternate intervals, so waiting times are unpredictable.
同町では９日に国道で土砂崩れが発生し、付近の斜面で落石の危険があるため通行止めになった。	In the town, a landslide occured on the National Highway on the 9th, and the road was closed due to the risk of falling rocks from the nearby slope.
１３日には規制区間内の秋葉トンネルで亀裂も見つかり、通行再開時期のめどはまだ立っていない。	On the 13th, cracks were found in Akiba tunnel, which is within the town's jurisdiction, but no estimates have yet been made as to when it will reopen to traffic.
同町では２０１８年にも崩土で国道が通行止めになり、住民生活や観光に打撃が及んだ。	The town also saw the closure of the National Highway in 2018 due to landslides, negatively impacting local life and tourism.
特産品を販売するドラゴンママ加工場の玉本君枝代表（７６）は「新型コロナウイルスで客足が遠のいた中での追い打ち。来客は大幅減」と声を落とす。	Tamamoto Kimie (76), CEO of the Dragon Mama Food Processing Plant, which sells local specialities, said wistfully, "We've been dealt another blow at a time when we've already lost a lot of business due to COVID-19. The number of customers has dropped significantly."
ＪＲ飯田線は線路脇の斜面崩落で水窪駅（同区水窪町 ） － 平岡駅（長野県）間で不通状態に。	Due to the collapsed bank beside the railroad track, the JR Iida Line has been cut off between Misakubo Station (in the ward's Misakubocho town) and Hiraoka Station (Nagano prefecture).
不通区間の大嵐駅（同町）から同区佐久間町の浜松湖北高佐久間分校に通っていた鵜飼栞さん（１６）は、片道約１時間の車の送迎が必要になった。	Ukai Shiori (16), who was commuting to Shizuoka Prefecture Hamamatsukohoku High School Sakuma Branch, in the ward's Sakuma town, via Ozore Station (in the same town), which is in the cut-off section, now needs to be dropped off and picked up by car, about an hour each way.
「車だと親も自分も負担が大きい」と早期復旧を願う。	"Going by car is a big burden on my parents and on me," she says, hoping for early recovery.
ＪＲ東海によると、再開まで約３カ月を要する見込みで、２７日からは平日の朝と夕方に１本ずつ水窪駅－大嵐駅間を往復する臨時列車を運行する。	According to JR Central, they anticipate that it will take about three months to reopen the section of track, and, starting from the 27th, there will be a special train service making round trips between Misakubocho Station and Ozore Station, with one train in the morning and in the evening on weekdays.
水窪町内では、生活道路にもなっている林道で土砂崩れが多発。	In Misakubocho, where forest roads also serve as roads for people's daily coming and going, landslides are a frequent occurrence.
迂回に数時間かかるケースもある。	Detours can sometimes take several hours.
水窪町森林組合の熊谷啓司組合長（６９）は「原木搬出も滞っている。至る所に陸の孤島がある状態。今後の雨も心配」と表情を曇らせる。	The Misakubo Forestry Association Chairman Keiji Kumagai (69) commented with a gloomy expression, "Log removal is delayed too. There are isolated places all over, like islands. I'm worried about future rains."
中島翔哉、優勝セレモニー欠席は自らの選択？	Was Nakajima Shoya's Absence from the Victory Ceremony His Own Choice?
現地メディア報じる（フットボールチャンネル ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Local Media Reports (Football Channel) - Yahoo! News
日本代表MF中島翔哉が、ポルト退団に向かっているようだ。	It appears that Nakajima Shoya, a midfielder on the Japanese national team, is leaning toward leaving Porto.
ポルトガル『ZAP』が『レコルド』の情報をもとに伝えた。	So reported Portugal's ZAP based on information from Récord.
2019/20シーズンのポルトガルリーグを制したポルトは、今月20日のホーム最終戦時に、ピッチ上で優勝セレモニーを行った。	Porto, which commanded the Portugal league in the 2019-2020 season, held a victory ceremony on the pitch at the end of their last home game on the 20th of the month.
だが、この場所にも中島がいなかったことが話題になっていたところだ。	However, Nakajima was not present at this location, spurring discussion.
新型コロナウイルスによるリーグ中断中にチーム練習合流を拒否した中島は、その後欠場が続いていた。	Nakajima, who refused to train together with his teammates during the league suspension due to COVID-19, has continued to be absent since then.
そんな中で優勝セレモニーにも不在だったことで、今夏の移籍が取り沙汰されている。	Amid this, he was also absent from the victory ceremony, leading to rumors of a transfer this summer.
『レコルド』によると、ポルトは中島をこのセレモニーに呼んでいた。	According to Récord, Porto had invited Nakajima to the ceremony.
ただ、中島が姿を見せなかっただけとのことだ。	However, it seems that Nakajima simply did not make an appearance.
そのため 、 「 中島はますますセルジオ・コンセイソン監督の来季のプランから外れている。次の移籍市場でクラブを離れる必要がある」と記されている。	For that reason, they wrote that "Nakajima has been increasingly removed from Coach Sérgio Conceição's plans for next season. There's a need for him to leave the club at the next transfer window."
ポルトガルの名門で10番を背負った中島だが、1年での退団が濃厚な様子。	Nakajima is a prestigious player for Portugal and wears the number 10 on his back, but it is very likely that he will leave the team within the next year.
すでに新天地を探し始めているかもしれない。	He may have already started the search for a new club.
光の輪、水平な虹の共演 山形、日暈と環水平アークを観測｜山形新聞	A ring of light and a horizontal rainbow: solar halo and circumhorizontal arc observed in the sky over Yamagata | Yamagata Newspaper
太陽を囲む日暈の下に水平な虹色の環水平アークが同時に現れた＝24日午前８時43分、山形市高堂付近	A rainbow-coloured circumhorizontal arc appearing under a solar halo encircling the sun - 8:43am on the 24th, near Takado, Yamagata
太陽を囲むような光の輪の日暈（ひがさ）と、虹色の光の帯の環水平アークとみられる現象が24日午前9時前、山形市内で同時に現れた。	Two weather phenomena appeared together over Yamagata just before 9am on the 24th: a solar halo, which looks like a ring of light encompassing the sun, and a circumhorizontal arc, which is a rainbow-coloured band of light.
山形地方気象台によると、日暈も環水平アークも雲の中の細かい氷の結晶に太陽の光が当たり屈折や反射することで起こる現象。	According to a source at the Yamagata Meteorological Observatory, both the solar halo and the circumhorizontal arc result from sunlight hitting fine ice crystals within a cloud and being bent or reflected.
普通の虹は太陽の反対方向に見えるが、環水平アークは太陽と同じ方向に見えるのが特徴という。	A normal rainbow can be seen when the sun is behind you, but a peculiar feature of a circumhorizontal arc is that it appears in the same direction that the sun is in.
日暈は比較的、見られる現象だが、環水平アークは日暈ほどの出現頻度はないという。	While solar halos are a relatively common occurrence, circumhorizontal arcs do not appear anywhere near as frequently.
この日は高畠町でも日暈が見られた。	On this day, the solar halo could also be seen in Takahata.
同町福沢の主婦竹田智恵子さん（75）が自宅で午前11時ごろ、娘から「変な虹が出ている」と言われ確認。	Takeda Chieko (75) a housewife from Fukuzawa, Takahata, was in her house around 11am, when her daughter mentioned that there was a strange rainbow in the sky, so went to have a look for herself.
20分ほど見えたといい「初めて見た。悪いことの前兆ではと不安になったけど、珍しいものを見られて良かった」と笑顔。	It was visible for around 20 minutes, and Takeda said with a smile on her face, "It's the first time I've seen anything like it. I was slightly worried that it might be a bad omen, but I'm glad that I got to see something so rare."
韓国外交部「ベナン沖で拉致された国民５人、無事解放 」 （ 中央日報日本語版 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs "Five people abducted off the coast of Benin, safely released" (JoongAng Ilbo Japanese version) --Yahoo! News
韓国外交部が２５日、アフリカのベナン沖で６月２４日に拉致された韓国国民５人が３２日ぶりとなる２４日（現地時間 ） 、 ナイジェリア南部地域で無事に解放されたと明らかにした。	The Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on the 25th that five Korean nationals abducted off the coast of Benin in Africa on June 24 were safely released in the southern part of Nigeria on the 24th (local time) after 32 days.
外交部によると、共に拉致されたガーナ国籍の同僚船員１人も同時に解放された。	According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, a colleague sailor of Ghanaian nationality who was also abducted at the same time was released as well.
韓国大使館はこの船員をナイジェリアのガーナ大使館側に安全に引き渡した。	The Korean embassy safely transferred the sailor to the Ghanaian embassy in Nigeria.
解放された国民の健康は概して良好で、在ナイジェリア大使館が用意した安全な場所で保護されている。	The freed nationals are generally in good health and protected in a safe place provided by the embassy in Nigeria.
飛行機便が確保されしだい、本人の意思に基づき船籍国のガーナに移動する予定だ。	As soon as a flight is secured, they intend to move to Ghana, where the ship is registered.
政府は国民が安全にガーナに帰還できるよう最大限の支援を提供するという。	The government says it will provide maximum support for the nationals to return safely to Ghana.
先月２４日（現地時間 ） 、 ベナンのコトヌー港から約１１１キロ離れた海上で、マグロ漁をしていた漁船が武装勢力の攻撃を受け、韓国国籍の船員５人とガーナ国籍の船員１人が拉致された。	On the 24th of last month (local time), a tuna fishing boat was attacked by an armed group at sea about 111 km off the coast from the port of Cotonou in Benin, and five Korean sailors and one Ghanaian sailor were abducted.
韓国人５人の年齢は５０－６０代。	The five Koreans are in their 50s and 60s.
政府は事件直後から拉致された国民の家族とも状況を随時共有し、現場対策班を設置して２４時間対応体制を稼働してきた。	Immediately after the incident, the government shared the situation with the families of the abductees, set up a field response team, and operated a 24-hour response system.
福島・相馬野馬追、無観客で開幕 コロナで競馬など見せ場は中止：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Fukushima — Soma Nomaoi Opens Without Spectators; Horse-Racing and Other Highlights Canceled due to COVID-19; The Hokkaido Shimbun Press, Doushin Online Edition
福島県沿岸部で千年の歴史を誇り、国の重要無形民俗文化財となっている伝統行事「相馬野馬追」が２５日、開幕した。	Soma Nomaoi opened on the 25th, this traditional event boasts a thousand-year history on the Fukushima coast and is a nationally designated Important Intangible Folk Culture.
例年は甲冑姿の騎馬武者による競馬など戦国絵巻さながらの光景を見に多くの観客が訪れるが、今年は新型コロナウイルスの感染防止のため競馬を含む大部分の行事を中止とし、一部を無観客で２７日まで実施。	If this was like any other year, many tourists would come to witness scenes straight out of picture scrolls from the Warring States Period, such as races by mounted warriors clad in helmets and armor, but this year, the races and most other events have been canceled to prevent the spread of COVID-19, and the remaining portions will be held without spectators, before ending on the 27th.
野馬追は、一帯を治めた相馬家の始祖といわれる平将門が野馬を放ち、配下の武士に武芸を磨かせたのが起源とされる。	Nomaoi originated with Taira no Masakado, said to have been the founder of the Soma clan that ruled the area, who would release wild horses to improve the military skills of the warriors under his command.
相馬市の相馬中村神社で出陣式を開催。	The commencement ceremony was held at Soma Nakamura Jinja Shrine in Soma city.
相馬家の子孫である相馬行胤氏（４６）が馬に乗って境内を移動する。	Soma Michitane (46), a descendant of the Soma family, moving about the premises on horseback.
ＳＮＳのやりとり、消去を指示 嘱託殺人事件で逮捕の医師｜静岡新聞アットエス	Doctors Arrested in Connection with Contract Killing Communicated with Patient via Social Media, Instructed to Delete Messages | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
うつむいたまま送検される大久保愉一容疑者（奥右）＝２４日午後１時５７分、京都・中京署	Suspect Okubo Yoshikazu (back right), sent to the prosecutor hanging his head; Nakagyo Police Station, Kyoto, 1:57pm on the 24th
全身の筋肉が徐々に衰える難病の筋萎縮性側索硬化症（ＡＬＳ）の女性患者から依頼を受け、薬物を投与し殺害したとして嘱託殺人の疑いで仙台市泉区の大久保愉一容疑者（４２）ら医師２人が逮捕された事件で、大久保容疑者が事件当日までに会員制交流サイト（ＳＮＳ）で交わしたやりとりを消去するよう女性に指示していたことが２４日、捜査関係者への取材で分かった。	In the case in which two doctors - including suspect Okubo Yoshikazu (42) of Izumi ward, Sendai - were arrested on suspicion of murder at the victim's request, allegedly killing a female patient of theirs with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), an incurable disease which causes the muscles of the whole body to gradually weaken, by administering a drug at her request, it was revealed on the 24th in an interview with investigators that the suspect Okubo had been instructed by the woman to kill her in correspondence that they had on a members-only social networking site (SNS) up until the day of the incident.
京都府警は、自身の関与が発覚するのを恐れた大久保容疑者が証拠隠滅を図ろうとしたとみて詳しい経緯を調べている。	Kyoto prefectural police are looking into the detailed sequence of events, surmising that the suspect Okubo tried to destroy the evidence in fear that his involvement would be discovered.
大久保容疑者と女性は２０１８年１２月ごろからＳＮＳで交流を始め、事件当日まで会ったことはなかったとみられる。	It appears that the suspect Okubo and the woman began a correspondence on social media around December 2018, but had not met until the day of the incident.
妻が財布を握っている家庭は45 ％ ！	45% of wives are in charge of the household finances!
そんなうちの旦那は、幸せ？不幸せ？	Are their husbands happy? Or are they discontent?
「今月小遣い、足りないんだけど ... 」 と夫から言われてドキッとする、もしくはご立腹の奥様、いるのではないでしょうか？	I'm sure we all know someone who is surprised or angry when their husband complains that they're low on spending money this month?
この会話が成立する家庭は、妻が財布を握っている家庭です。	This kind of conversation occur in households where the wife is in charge of the household finances.
世間では、妻が財布を握っている家庭はどれくらいあるのでしょうか？	But in what percentage of households do wives hold the purse strings in today's society?
また 、 「 夫婦別財布 」 「 共同で管理している」の割合も一緒にみていきましょう。	We'll also take a look at the proportion of households in which husbands and wives handle their finances separately, and the proportion in which they jointly manage their finances.
家計の財布はどっちが握っている？	Who is in charge of household finances?
松井証券株式会社が、全国の結婚3年以内の20-30代男女400名（若年夫婦 ） 、 結婚30年以上の50-60代男女400名（熟年夫婦 ） 、 合計800名を対象にインターネット調査した「夫婦の家計管理事情に関する調査 」 （ 令和2年6月に発表）の結果から次のような調査結果が出ています。	Matsui Securities conducted an online survey of 800 married couples across the country - 400 young couples in their 20s-30s who have been married for up to 3 years, and 400 middle-aged couples in their 50s-60s who have been married for 30 years or more - on the subject of the management of household finances among married couples (results announced in June of 2020), from which the following findings were made.
家計の財布を握っているのは？	Who is in charge of household finances?
妻:45.0％ 夫:24.8％ 妻が家計を管理している家庭が最も多い結果となりました。	Wife: 45.0%, husband: 24.8% - the finding was that households where the wife is in charge of the household finances are the most common.
どちらが管理しても、紆余曲折あるのが家計管理ですが、様々なエピソードがあるようです。	Managing the household finances can be complicated whoever is in charge, but it seems that it can lead to a range of different episodes.
妻が家計の管理:A子さんの場合 A子さんは、高校3年生と高校1年生の娘がいるアラフィフのワーママです。	When the wife manages the household finances: take the case of A-san, a working mother around 50 who has two daughters, a freshman and a senior, in high school.
A子さんが家計を全面的に管理しています。	A-san is in full control of the household finances.
大学受験を控え塾代がかさみ赤字が出る月が多くなったので、旦那に小遣い下げる交渉をしましたが案の定、抵抗されました。	As her eldest was preparing to take university entrance exams, the exam prep centre fees racked up, resulting in more than a few months in the red, so A-san discussed reducing her husband's spending money, which he naturally resisted.
その際「どんな収支なのか見せて」と言われたので家計簿を見せました。	At that time, A-san's husband asked to see what their income and expenditures were, so A-san showed him the household accounting book.
出費をすべて記載していたはずなのに、家計簿を見ると赤字になるほどの収支ではありませんでした。	All the expenses should have been recorded, but when they checked the household accounting book, there was not enough to cause them to go into the red.
夫に「足りているじゃん」と寄りきられそうになりましたが、A子さんは思わず「分かりました、私では家計管理は力不足なので、どうぞあなたが全て管理してください」と大見得を切ったら「やっぱりお願いします」と差し戻されそうです。	A-san's husband said, "We have enough," and almost managed to get his way, so A-san impulsively declared, "Okay, I'm in over my head managing the household finances, so can you please handle everything," which led her husband to say, "I think I'll leave it to you after all."
後日、A子さんが旦那にインタビューしたところ「小遣いなど管理されていることに不満があるものの、家計の様々な出し入れ（例えば学校の教材費やPTA費など）を管理する時間や気力がない、というのが本音」と言っていたそうです。	When quizzed about this later, A-san's husband told her, "Although it's true that I'm not happy with the way that my spending money is controlled, to be honest, I don't have the time or energy to manage the various household expenses (for instance expenses for school supplies and PTA expenses)."
旦那が家計を管理:B子さんの場合 専業主婦のB子さんは、旦那から生活費を渡されて日々切り盛りしています。	When the husband manages the household finances: B-san, a full-time housewife, is given living expenses by her husband, on which she has to get by every day.
去年の春、冷蔵庫の冷凍庫部分が壊れたのでB子さんは旦那に「冷蔵庫を買ってほしい」とお願いしました。	Last spring, the freezer section of the refrigerator broke, so B-san asked her husband to buy a new fridge.
ところが旦那は「冷凍庫はダメだけど、まだ冷蔵の部分は使えるから大丈夫じゃん」と買い換えを渋らました。	However, her husband was reluctant to buy a new one, saying, "It's still fine to use, only the freezer part is broken."
しかし、夏になって旦那自身がいつでもアイスを食べられる環境を整えたくなったらしく「冷蔵庫、やっぱり買おうか」と手の平が裏返ったそうです。	However, when the summer came round, B-san's husband apparently wanted to be able to eat ice cream whenever he fancied and decided that maybe they should buy a new fridge after all.
そこでB子さんは思わず「旦那はドがつくほどケチ」と友達に愚痴ってしまったそうです。	Recounting the episode to a friend, B-san complained that her husband is "stingy with a capital S".
久保建英の移籍先 スペイン１部５クラブに絞られた（東スポWeb ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Kubo Takefusa Transfer Team Narrowed Down to 5 Clubs in Spain's Premiere League (Tokyo Sports Web) - Yahoo!News
今季はスペイン１部マジョルカでプレーした日本代表ＭＦ久保建英（１９）の移籍先が徐々に絞られているようだ。	Transfer appears to be steadily narrowing down for Japan representative mid fielder Kubo Takefusa (19), who played in Spain's Mallorca in La Liga this season.
マジョルカは２部に降格したものの、久保はシーズン終盤の活躍で評価が急上昇。	Though Mallorca was demoted to the second-division league, recognition swiftly rose for Kubo's active role in the final stages.
ただＥＵ圏外枠の関係で"保有権"を持つ同１部レアル・マドリードへの帰還は困難とあって来季も他クラブでプレーする予定。	However, because of the limit on players from outside of the EU, it will be difficult for him to return to Real Madrid which is also in La Liga and has "retention rights," so due to this he plans to play with other clubs again this season.
すでに約３０クラブからオファーが届いているが、Ｒマドリードは国内クラブで武者修行させる方針だ。	Offers have already come in from around 30 clubs, but Real Madrid plans to have him train at clubs within the country.
スペイン紙「マルカ」は、久保の移籍先としてレアル・ソシエダードをはじめビリャレアル、グラナダ、ヘタフェ、ベティスの１部クラブが有力とし「５クラブが久保の獲得に興味を持つが、Ｒマドリードは、リーグ中位以上のクラブを望んでいる」と報じた。	The Spanish newspaper "Marca" announced that La Liga clubs Real Sociedad, Villarreal, Granada, Getafe, and Real Betis, are likely to be Kubo's transfer location and that these "5 clubs have interest in acquiring Kubo, but Real Madrid is hoping for a club that is above the average rank in the league."
中でもビリャレアル、Ｒソシエダードは来季の欧州リーグ（ＥＬ）出場権を持ち、グラナダもＥＬ予選２回戦から参戦とＲマドリードが求めるチーム条件に合致する。	Among these Villarreal and Real Sociedad qualify to appear in next season's Europa League (EL), and Granada will also participate in the EL from the second round qualifying match, meeting Real Madrid's team requirements.
果たして世界ナンバーワンのビッグクラブは"日本の至宝"の去就にどのような決断を下すか。	What kind of decision will the world's number one big club make for this departure of "Japan's Treasure"?
ＡＬＳの女性遺体から鎮静薬検出 市販されず、胃ろう経由で投与か：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Sedatives Detected in Corpse of Woman with ALS; Not Commercially Available; Possibly Administered Gastrically: The Hokkaido Shimbun Press, Doushin Online Edition
難病の筋萎縮性側索硬化症（ＡＬＳ）の女性患者から依頼を受け、薬物を投与し殺害したとして、嘱託殺人の疑いで、いずれも医師の大久保愉一容疑者（４２）と山本直樹容疑者（４３）が逮捕された事件で、女性の遺体から「バルビツール酸系」の鎮静薬が検出されていたことが２５日、捜査関係者への取材で分かった。	Investigators examining a case in which doctors Okubo Yoshikazu (42) and Yamamoto Naoki (43) were arrested on suspicion of murdering a female patient with the incurable disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), allegedly killing her by administering a drug at the patient's own request, revealed in an interview on the 25th that sedatives called barbiturates have been detected in the corpse of the woman.
府警は、胃に栄養をチューブで入れる「胃ろう」から鎮静薬を投与したとみている。	Prefectural police believe that the sedatives were administered gastrically through a tube that was used to introduce nutrients into her stomach.
医療関係者によると、バルビツール酸系の薬物はてんかんなどの治療に使用され、市販されていない。	According to medical personnel, barbiturate drugs are used to treat conditions such as epilepsy and are not commercially available.
大量に投与すると呼吸を抑制し死に至ることもあり、欧米では自殺ほう助団体などが使っている。	If administered in large quantities, they can restrict breathing and even lead to death, and they are used by assisted suicide organizations in Europe and the Americas.
大分川の遺体、旅館業男性と判明 九州豪雨による死者は７３人に｜静岡新聞アットエス	Body found in Oitagawa River Identified as Man in Hotel Business, To Date 73 Dead in Kyushu Heavy Rains | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
大分県は２５日、同県由布市の大分川で２３日に見つかった遺体の身元を、豪雨で行方不明となっていた旅館業渡辺健太さん（２８）＝同市湯布院町湯平＝と確認したと発表した。	Oita prefecture announced on the 25th that the identity of a body found on the 23rd in the Oitagawa River in Yufu city, Oita prefecture, has been confirmed as Watanabe Kenta (28), a man in the hotel business, from Yunohira, Yufuincho, in the city, who had gone missing in the Kyushu heavy rains.
豪雨による県内の死者は計４人、九州の死者は計７３人になった。	A total of four people have died in the prefecture due to the heavy rains, and with 73 deaths across the whole of Kyushu.
また県は２５日、同市庄内町庄内原の竹やぶで、性別、年齢ともに不詳の１人の遺体を発見したことも明らかにした。	The prefecture also revealed that an unidentified body, both age and gender unclear, was discovered on the 25th in a bamboo thicket in Shonaihara in the Shonaicho area of the city
遺体は行方が分からない渡辺さんの両親のいずれかとみて、身元の確認や死因の特定を進めている。	The body appears to be one of Watanabe's parents, who are both missing, and work is underway to confirm the identity and determine the cause of death.
渡辺さんらは７日深夜から８日にかけ、車ごと増水した川に流された。	Watanabe and his family were washed away, car and all, by a flooding river sometime between the midnight hours from the 7th to the 8th.
渡辺さんの遺体は、祖母登志美さん（８１）が見つかった対岸付近で発見された。	Watanabe's body was discovered close to where his grandmother, Toshimi (81), was found on the opposite bank.
ディズニー 、 『 ムーラン』の無期延期を発表 『アバター 』 『 スター・ウォーズ』も先送り（cinemacafe.net ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Disney announces indefinite postponement of Mulan, Avatar and Star Wars also postponed (cinemacafe.net) - Yahoo!News
数日前、新型コロナウイルス感染症の収束の兆しが見えないアメリカで、ワーナー・ブラザースがクリストファー・ノーラン監督作『TENET テネット』の3度目の公開延期（無期延期）を決めた。	A few days ago, Warner Bros. made the decision to postpone the release of Christopher Nolan's Tenet for the third time in the US (indefinitely), where the COVID-19 pandemic shows no signs of slowing down.
【写真 】 『 アバター 』 『 スター・ウォーズ』も延期に...	Photo: Avatar and Star Wars have also been postponed...
23日（現地時間 ） 、 ディズニーもワーナーに続く形で『ムーラン』の無期延期を発表。	On the 23rd (local time) Disney followed in Warner's footsteps when it announced that it would be indefinitely postponing Mulan.
同作は、当初3月27日に全米公開を予定しており、その後7月24日、8月21日と公開日が変更されていた。	The film was originally scheduled for release in US cinemas on March 27th, but this release date got pushed back to July 24th, then August 21st.
ディズニーの広報は「ここ数か月の間、このような世界的な健康危機が起きている状況で、映画をどのように公開するのかを確定するのは難しいことです。そのため 、 『 ムーラン』の公開を休止し、世界中の観客に対してどうすれば効果的にこの作品を観てもらえるかを考えたいと思います」とコメントしている。	A spokesperson for Disney stated, "In the face of the global pandemic that has been occurring for the last few months, it's difficult to make a decision on how the film should be released. For that reason, we would like to postpone the release of Mulan, and reconsider what is the best way to allow audiences around the world to see this movie."
ディズニーでは『ムーラン』以外にも公開が先延ばしになった作品がある。	Mulan is not the only release that Disney has had to postpone.
前作からすでに10年以上の月日が流れた『アバター』もそのうちの1つだ。	Another example is Avatar, for which it has already been over 10 years since the first film.
監督のジェームズ・キャメロンが、ツイッターに手紙を掲載。	Director James Cameron posted a letter on Twitter.
「新型コロナウイルスが発生するまではすべてが順調で、2021年12月に公開できる予定だった」と前置きをしたうえで、同作の制作に大幅な遅れが出ていることを伝え 、 「 この遅れに対し、誰よりもがっかりしているのは私だ」と悲しんでいる様子をつづった。	"Prior to COVID-19, everything was on track to for a release in December of 2021," it begins, before going on to explain that the production was forced into a lengthy delay, "There is no one more disappointed about this delay than me," writes Cameron, and you can sense his sadness.
『アバター』2作目の公開は1年先の2022年12月、3作目は2024年、4作目は2026年、5作目は2028年になる見込み。	The sequel of Avatar is expected to be released in December 2022, one year later, followed by the third installment in 2024, the fourth in 2026, and the fifth in 2028.
また 、 『 スター・ウォーズ』の新たな3部作についても1年先送りとなり、1作目が2023年12月、2作目が2025年、3作目が2027年になるという。	In other news, the release of the latest Star Wars trilogy has also been delayed by a year, with the first film now coming in December 2023, the second in 2025, and the third in 2027.
全国一斉イベントで色鮮やかに打ち上げられた花火と光に照らされる唐門＝７月２４日夜、福井県福井市の一乗谷朝倉氏遺跡	Karamon Gates Illuminated with Brilliant Fireworks and Lights in Nationwide Event: Night of July 24 at Ichijodani Asakura Family Site Museum in Fukui City, Fukui Prefecture
新型コロナウイルスの感染拡大で延期となった東京五輪開幕まで１年を切った７月２４日夜、少しでも社会を明るく盛り上げようと、日本青年会議所（ＪＣ）による全国一斉の打ち上げ花火イベントが行われた。	On the night of July 24th, which marks one year until the opening of the Tokyo Olympic Games, which have been postponed due to the spread of COVID-19, Junior Chamber International Japan (JC) held a nationwide fireworks event to bring some light to society.
福井県内は雨の降るあいにくの天気だったが、９カ所で予定通り打ち上げられ、夏の夜空を彩った。	Despite Fukui prefecture's unfortunate rainy weather, its nine sites made their launches on schedule, coloring the night sky.
感染拡大による閉塞感を乗り越え、日本が新しく生まれ変わる合図になってほしいと、ＪＣが全国の各ブロック協議会に呼び掛けて実現した。	JC called on all its blocs nationwide to achieve this, hoping to overcome the feeling of confinement due to the spread of infection and to signal that Japan will be reborn.
午後８時に４６都道府県の１１７カ所で一斉にスタート。	At 8pm, all 117 sites across 46 prefectures began in unison.
福井市の一乗谷朝倉氏遺跡では、周囲の山がもやに覆われる中、２～４号玉の計５３発が約２分にわたって打ち上げられた。	At Ichijodani Asakura Family Site Museum in Fukui city, the surrounding mountains were veiled in mist as a total of 53 shells of fireworks in Sizes 2 to 4 were launched over a duration of about two minutes.
花火の光で唐門などが闇夜に浮かび上がり、幻想的な雰囲気となった。	Amid the light of the fireworks, the Karamon Gates stood out against the darkness, creating a dream-like atmosphere.
県内では敦賀市の松原海岸や大野市の真名川沿いなどでも行われた。	Fireworks were also launched on the Matsubara coast of Tsuruga city, along the Managawa River in Ono city, and other locations in the prefecture.
感染防止のため、見物人が多く集まるのを避けたいと、打ち上げ場所の事前公表はしなかった。	To prevent the spread of infection, the launch sites were not announced in advance to prevent spectators from gathering in large numbers.
花火でコロナ禍乗り越え	Overcoming the COVID-19 pandemic with fireworks
琵琶湖で「非密」の花火	Uncrowded fireworks at Lake Biwa
花火大会翌朝、ごみ拾い中学生あ然	Amazed junior high school students picking up trash the morning after the fireworks show
敦賀花火2020、新型コロナで中止	Tsuruga Fireworks 2020 cancelled due to COVID-19
サプライズ花火、全国の夜空に咲く	Surprise fireworks light up the night sky across the country
【詰め将棋】７月２５日有料記事	Shogi problem (premium article for July 25th)
【詰め碁】７月２５日有料記事	Go problem (premium article for July 25th)
クロアチアが核処理施設計画　ボスニア人が抗議	Bosnians protest Croatian plans for nuclear waste facility
金曜日、ボスニア北西部の町に数百人が集まり、ボスニアとの国境付近で美しい自然で知られる川の近くにその地域唯一の原子力発電所から出る廃棄物の一部を貯蔵するという隣国クロアチアの計画に抗議した。	Hundreds of people rallied Friday in northwest Bosnia against plans by neighboring Croatia to store part of the waste from the region's only nuclear plant near its border with Bosnia and a main river known for its natural beauty.
ボスニアの町、ノヴィ グラードに集まったデモ参加者は、トゥルゴフスカ・ゴラの兵舎の跡地を貯蔵場所にする計画の断念を強くクロアチアに求め、その計画と戦うことを誓った。	The protesters in the Bosnian town of Novi Grad urged Croatia to abandon plans for a storage site at a former army barracks in Trgovska Gora and pledged to fight the project.
その施設はクルシコの原子力発電所から出た廃棄物を貯蔵することになる。	The facility would hold waste from the Krsko nuclear plant.
「健康な未来を奪うな」「断固阻止ーウナ（川）は私たちを必要としている」などと書かれた横断幕を掲げたボスニア人たちは、核廃棄物処理施設はウナ川やその周辺に住むおよそ250,000人の住民の生活を脅かしかねないと語った。	Holding banners reading "I want a healthy future" and "Stop - the Una (river) needs us," Bosnians they said a nuclear waste facility could endanger the Una River and the lives of around 250,000 area residents.
われわれは反対しなければならない。	We have to say NO!
ノヴィ グラード自治体の長、ミロスラブ ドリャーカは、群衆に向かってこう言った。	Miroslav Drljaca, the head of Novi Grad municipality told the crowd.
われわれは、自分たちの暮らしやウナ川を守るために戦わなければならない。	We must fight to preserve our way of life and our Una.
１９８０年代に運転が開始されたクルスコ原子力発電所はスロベニアに位置し、クロアチアと共同所有されている。	Located in Slovenia, the 1980s" Krsko plant is owned jointly by Croatia.
両国の政府関係者は来週協議を開き、廃棄物処理施設の増設を話し合う予定だ。	Officials from the two countries are set to meet next week to discuss additional waste storage facilities.
クロアチア国営放送は金曜日、クロアチアは独自に貯蔵施設を建設するべきか、それともスロベニアが新たに建設中の施設で処理されるクロアチアの廃棄物分の料金を支払うべきかまだ決定していないと報じた。	Croatia's state HRT television reported Friday that Croatia was yet to decide whether it would build storage of its own or pay to store its share of waste at a new facility Slovenia is building.
クロアチアの環境保護エネルギー省大臣トミスラブ チョリッチ氏はアナウンサーに、クロアチアは学校、病院、刑務所からの公共施設廃棄物処理においても問題を抱えており、全面的な解決策を見出したいと考えている、と語った。	Croatian Minister of Environment Protection and Energy Tomislav Coric told the broadcaster that Croatia also has a problem disposing of institutional waste from schools, hospitals and prisons, and was hoping to find an overall solution.
ボスニアでは、国内のあらゆる民族の活動家や役人、住人が、クロアチアは原子力発電所近くの自国側で別の建設場所を探すよう主張した。	In Bosnia, activists, officials and residents from all sides of the country's ethnic divide insisted that Croatia find another location in a part of the country nearer to the nuclear.
「なぜ、クロアチア全域で、ボスニアのズボンのポケット、つまりトゥルゴフスカ ゴラが最適な場所になるのだろうか？」とドゥリャーカ氏は問う。	"How come that out of entire Croatia, the best is the Trgovska Gora pocket that is in Bosnia's pants?" asked Drljaca.
われわれの自尊心を傷つけることは許さない！	We must not let them humiliate us!
こぶしファクトリー・井上玲音の「即3D小顔」になれちゃうメイク術（S Cawaii ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Kobushi Factory, Inoue Rei's make up technique for "instant 3d small face" (S Cawaii) - Yahoo! News
9/6 (金) 17:30配信	Published 9/6 17:30 (Friday)
光と影を上手に使い分けて、即３D小顔！	Instant 3D small face with proficiency in light and shadow!
井上玲音	Inoue Rei
顔の真ん中に光を集めるハイライト使いと、自然な影をつくるシェーディングでコントラストをつけるのがポイント。	The key is to create contrast by using highlight that gathers light to the center of your face and shadowing that casts natural shadows.
肌の質感でも、顔の奥行き感をコントロールできちゃうんです！	The texture of your skin can also control the chiseled look on your face.
フォギー×ツヤ。	Foggy x gloss.
２つの質感で生まれるメリハリフェイス	Well-defined face created with 2 types of texture
ライブでのバッチリメイクの反動なのかもしれないですが、 私、プライベートのメイクはめっちゃナチュラルなんです。	I prefer natural looking makeup on my day off mainly because I have full makeup onstage.
その中でも、最近楽しんでいるのはチークで変化をつけること。	One of the things I enjoy the most these days is having variations with blush.
Juice=Juiceの稲場（愛香）さんにいただいたピンクのチークを、 いつもよりちょっと内側に入れてみたり、ポッと赤くなっているみたいに 上めに入れてみたり ... ... ベスポジを求めて試行錯誤中。	I use the pink blush Inaba (Aika) san from Juice Juice gave me and try to apply it a little more toward the center than usual or up higher to emulate blushing cheeks... ... I am trying to find the best spot.
入れる位置や入れ方ひとつで顔立ちがガラッと変わるのが衝撃的で、 もっとメイクを研究したり、がんばらないと！と気合いが入ります。	It surprises me that changing how and where I apply makeup can have so much impact on the look of my face, which motivates me to learn more about makeup techniques.
私のメイクの先生は、同じグループの広瀬彩海ちゃん。	My makeup instructor is Hirose Ayaka chan in the same group.
イベントのときに「玲音ちゃんのメイクやりたい ！ 」と言ってくれるので、 メイクをしてもらいながら、コスメやテクを教えてもらってます。	She insists, "I want to do Rei chan's makeup!" at events, so I learn about makeup products and techniques while I have her apply makeup on my face.
＼最近のお気に入りメイク／	My latest favorite makeup
夏らしいポップなカラーをピリッと効かせるのが好き！	Using summer pop colors to spice things up!
対バンライブのときは、とにかく気合いを入れたいのでメイクもひと味違うんです。	For battle of bands, I really want to motivate myself, so I wear different makeup.
メイベリンのカラー ショー ライナーのOR-2を目尻に"ティン"って小さく入れて、テンションを上げます。	I apply a tiny bit of Maybelline color show liner OR-2 on the outer corner of my eyes "just so" to pump myself up.
ピンクのチークは稲場さんからのいただきもの。	I got my pink blush from Inaba san.
ガーリーなピンクがお気に入りです。	I like the girly pink.
肌がワントーン明るくなるキャンディドール ホワイトピュアパウダー〈シャイニー 〉 。	Candy Doll White Pure Powder (shiny) lightens up the skin a tone.
毛穴もテカリも一掃してくれる。	It also gets rid of pores and the greasy look.
B.メンバーの広瀬綾海ちゃんからもらったセザンヌ ハイライトスティック01。	B. Cezanne Highlight Stick 01 given by team member, Hisose Ayaka.
目元のCゾーンにも使える。	Can also be applied on C zone around eyes.
自然な影をつくれるキャンメイク シェーディングパウダー01は、肌なじみがバツグンです。	Canmake Shading Powder 01 creates natural shadows and is the easiest to apply on the skin.
PayPay営業マン「波に乗ってます 」 " 駆け込み導入"起きるキャッシュレス化 波はうねりとなるか（東海テレビ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	PayPay salesperson: "We're just riding the wave", the switch to cashless payments sees a rush of adopters, but will this wave turn into a swell? (Tokai Television) - Yahoo!News
10月から始まる消費税の増税。	The sales tax will be going up in October.
これに合わせて国が始めるのが「キャッシュレス・ポイント還元事業」です。	Accompanying this, the government will also begin the "Cashless Point Rebate Program".
消費の冷え込みを抑える為に最大5％を還元するというものですが、条件となるのは「キャッシュレス」です。	To counter the cooling of consumer spending, shoppers can get a rebate of up to 5%, but the condition is that they have to have paid with a cashless payment method.
【画像で見る】増税直前...店も事業者も"キャッシュレス駆け込み導入"	View in images: Shortly before the tax increase...Shops and businesses rush to adopt cashless payments
そこで、今起きているのが「駆け込み導入 」 。	As a result, there is a rush to adopt cashless payments.
これまで現金商売だったお店のキャッシュレス化です。	Stores that up until now only accepted cash are going cashless.
導入の現場に密着しました。	We had a look at on location at a store introducing cashless payments.
■増税直前の"駆け込み導入 " ... 店も業者も急ぐ「キャッシュレス化」	A rush before the tax increase... Shops and businesses are going cashless
愛知県知多市の「おかき屋 辰心 」 。	A confectionery store "Okakiya Tatsushin", in Chita, Aichi Prefecture.
竹新製菓が運営する人気店で、店内には、100種類以上のおかきやあられなどが並んでいます。	It is a popular store run by Takeshin Confectionery, with over 100 kinds of roasted mochi balls and strips lining its shelves.
この日「辰心」を訪問したのは、ユーザー数1250万人を誇るスマホ決済サービス「PayPay」の安田さん。	Today, Tatsushin is being visited by Ms. Yasuda from the smartphone payment service PayPay, which already boasts 12.5 million users.
PayPay 安田さん ： 「 今お会計の方法は現金以外には何か支払方法はありますか ？ 」	Ms. Yasuda (PayPay): "Do you currently accept any payment methods other than cash?"
竹新製菓社長 新美さん ： 「 いや、現金のみで対応しております、昔ながらの ... 」	Ms. Niimi (President of Takeshin Confectionery): "No, we're quite old-fashioned and only accept cash... "
PayPay 安田さん ： 「 つり銭の受け渡しとかもなくなるので、レジの回転も速くなるのかなというのと、慣れていただければ現金よりもむしろ楽なんじゃないかなと思います」	Ms. Yasuda: "Some of the benefits of PayPay include the fact that you don't need to hand over change, so you should appreciate a faster turnaround at the tills, plus when you get used to it I think you might find it easier than cash."
これまで、利用額の20％をポイントで還元する100億円キャンペーンを展開。	PayPay has been running a ten billion yen campaign in which users receive 20% of the price they pay back as points.
爆発的にユーザーを増やしてきましたが、安田さんはユーザーの利用先、つまりお店にPayPay導入を売り込む「営業マン」です。	This approach has earnt them an explosive increase in the number of users, but Ms. Yasuda is a salesperson to the places where those users will use the payment method, in other words, she is selling the PayPay system to shops.
これまで現金商売だった「おかき屋辰心 」 。	Okakiya Tatsushin had been a cash-only business up until now.
社長も安田さんから話を聞き、PayPayに加盟することにしました。	On listening to Yasuda's sales pitch, President Niimi also decided to join PayPay.
PayPay 安田さん ： 「 忙しさは本当、今がピークかなとは思います。飛び込んだ先で今までお話してもらえなかったお店様も、消費者還元事業も一緒にやれるんだったら、PayPayで話聞こうかなということで加盟店登録をいただいて、今結構、波に乗っています」	Ms. Yasuda: "I'm really busy, and I think it's probably at its peak right now. Places that I've called into before that wouldn't let me talk to them now think that if we help them with the consumer rebate program, then they'd like to hear about PayPay, and I usually get them to sign up as a participating store, so I pretty much feel like I'm riding the wave right now."
■国の消費者還元事業制度で"キャッシュレス化の波"に乗る！	- Riding the "cashless wave" with the government's consumer rebate program!
波に乗る理由として安田さんがあげたのが、国の『消費者還元事業 』 。	The reason Ms. Yasuda gave for feeling like she was riding on a wave is the government's consumer rebate program.
国は10月からの消費税増税で、消費の冷え込みを防ぐために最大で買い物額の5％を消費者に還元する制度を導入しますが、その条件となるのが「キャッシュレス決済」です。	The government will raise sales taxes in October, and to counter the anticipated cooling of consumer spending, they are implementing a program in which customers will get a rebate of up to 5% of the purchase amount, on the condition that they paid with a cashless payment method.
「おかき屋辰心」のように、増税前にキャッシュレス決済を導入しようと考える中小の小売店は少なくありません。	Therefore, many small to medium-sized retailers are considering adopting cashless payments before the taxes are raised, just like Okakiya Tatsushin.
そばと「なつぞら」味わって 新得で２９日「祭り」 出演の福地さんがトーク：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Enjoying soba noodles and "Natsuzora" at the festival in Shintoku on the 29th, featuring a talk with actress Fukuchi Momoko: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
【新得】そばどころの十勝管内新得町で「第１８回しんとく新そば祭り 」 （ 実行委主催）が２９日開かれる。	[Shintoku] The 18th Shintoku New Soba Festival (organised by the organising committee) will be held on the 29th in Shintoku-cho, Tokachi jurisdiction, a mecca for soba noodles.
今年は、新得でＮＨＫ連続テレビ小説「なつぞら」のロケが行われた縁で、俳優福地桃子さんを招いたトークショーやドラマで使われた小道具類の展示もある。	This year, thanks to Shintoku being the location for the NHK TV drama series, "Natsuzora", actress Fukuchi Momoko has been invited to appear in a talk show, and there will also be an exhibition of the props used in the show.
会場は町保健福祉センター前広場。	The venue will be the plaza in front of the municipal health and welfare centre.
町内のそば店など１０店が軒を連ね、新そば粉を使ったかけそばを１杯３００円で販売する。	There will be a row of 10 soba noodle restaurants from around the town, serving soba noodles made with new buckwheat flour in broth for 300 yen a bowl.
そば発泡酒やクレープなどの飲食ブースも並ぶ。	There will also be other food stalls serving things such as crepes and beer made with buckwheat.
トークショーは、番組で柴田家の長女を演じた福地さんが十勝ロケ時の裏話について語る。	At the talk show, Fukuchi, who plays the eldest daughter of the Shibata family in the show, will give a behind-the-scenes look at her time on location in Tokachi.
会場に隣接する町公民館では、俳優吉沢亮さんが演じた山田天陽の馬の絵や、福地さんがドラマの中で運転した旧車も展示する。	At the town hall adjacent to the venue, there will be the horse picture drawn by Yamada Tenyo, played by Yoshizawa Ryo, and the old car that Fukuchi drives in the show.
ネットフリックスのザ・ポリティシャンに登場した代理ミュンヒハウゼン症候群とは？	What is Munchhausen's by proxy mentioned in The Politician on Netflix?
症状は保護者や親が、健康な子供が病気だと偽ることである。	The condition means carers or parents pretend their child is ill when they are healthy.
ザ・ポリティシャンはネットフリックスで今日放送される。	The Politican hits Netflix today.
ドラマはアメリカ合衆国大統領を目指すペイトン・ホバートの物語だが、しかしまずは自分の高校の生徒会長になるのが最初のステップだ。	The show tells the story of Payton Hobart who wants to be President of the United States of America - but first, he has to be student body president at his high school.
アメリカン・ホラー・ストーリーやグリーの制作者ライアン・マーフィーにより制作され、出演はグウィネス・パルトロー、ベン・プラット、そしてルーシー・ボイントン。	Made by American Horror Story and Glee creator Ryan Murphy, it features Gwyneth Paltrow, Ben Platt and Lucy Boynton.
まだドラマを見る機会がない視聴者のためできるだけネタバレのないようにしますが、ドラマでは代理ミュンヒハウゼン症候群の様子も語られる - これは保護者が、その保護下にある人間が本当は病んではいないにもかかわらず、肉体的又は精神的な病気であるかのようにふるまう精神病である。	Without revealing too much for those who haven't had a chance to watch it yet, the show includes a storyline about Munchhausen's by proxy - a mental illness where a carer acts as if the person they are looking after has a physical or mental illness when they are not really sick.
病態にはさまざまな種類があるが、自分自身でも病んでいると偽る、ミュンヒハウゼン症候群も含まれる。	There are different types of the condition, including Munchhausen's where a person pretends that they themselves are ill.
ところが代理ミュンヒハウゼン症候群というのは、はっきりと自分の保護下にある他者が病気であると偽ることだ。	Munchhausen's By Proxy, however, is specifically about making up that someone that you care for is ill.
これはFII、偽造または誘発疾患としても知られ、児童虐待の一種でもある。	It is also known as fabricated or induced illness (FII) and is categorised as child abuse.
珍しい症状ではあるが、通常、親が症状を大げさに誇張したり、症状を引き起こして、あたかも子供が病気であるようにみせかけることだ。	It is a rare condition and usually involves a parent exaggerating symptoms or causing symptoms to make it seem like their child is ill.
では、代理ミュンヒハウゼン症候群の兆候にはどんなものがあるのだろうか？	What are the signs of Munchhausen's by proxy?
病態の兆候はケースバイケースで変化するが、NHSは次のような事項を要注意として挙げている。	The signs of the condition can vary from case to case but the NHS says that things to be aware of include:
子供は健康そうなのに、具合が悪いと医療者を説き伏せようとする。	Persuading medical professionals that their child is unwell but they seem healthy.
大げさに説明する、または虚偽の症状を訴える。	Exaggerating or lying about symptoms.
検尿試料にブドウ糖を混入させて糖尿病であると見せかけるなど、子供が病気だと思わせるために検査結果を捏造する。	Manipulating results to suggest the child is ill, for example putting glucose in urine samples to make it look like they have diabetes.
過剰に医薬品やその他の薬物を投与するなどして病気の症状をわざと引き起こす。	Inducing symptoms of illness, for example giving them unnecessary medication or other substances.
代理ミュンヒハウゼン症候群はどのくらい一般的なのだろうか？	How common is Munchhausen's by proxy?
多くのケースは報告されていないため、この症候群がどれほど広がっているのかを知るのは難しい。	As many cases aren't reported, it's difficult to know how widespread the condition is.
2000年に発表されたある研究では、2年間で100,000人中89例発症したと推計された。	One study published in 2000 estimated 89 cases in a population of 100,000 over a two year period.
もし子供への被害が疑われるときには何をすべきか	What should you do if you think a child is at risk
地元の社会福祉機関へ相談するか、NSPCCの児童保護ヘルプライン 0808 800 5000まで電話してください。	You can contact your local social services department or telephone the NSPCC's child protection helpline on 0808 800 5000.
ナイジェリア： 警察によるカドゥナの学校強制捜査、児童300人救出	Nigeria: Police Raid Kaduna School, Evacuate 300 Children
カドゥナ - カドゥナ州警察は、昨日、イガビ管轄内のレイン・マイドュブン・ツンマにあるイマム・アーマッド・ブン・ハンバル校に強制捜査を行い、教師7名を逮捕し、児童およそ300名を救出した。	Kaduna - The Kaduna State Police Command yesterday raided a school, Imamu Ahmad Bn Hambal, located at Layin Maidubun Tsumma at Rigasa in Igabi Local Government Area of the state, arrested seven teachers and evacuated about 300 children.
警察は子供たちが非人道的な環境に置かれていたと語っているが、学校側はこの主張を否定している。	The police alleged that the children were kept in a very dehumanising condition; an allegation the school authority denied.
学校の牧師であるシェフと名乗る住民は、「子供たちは全員親の承諾を得て学校に入っているので、彼らの主張は真実ではありません。」と語っている。	A resident who identified himself as Shehu, a preacher in the school, said: "What they're saying is not true because all the children are there with the consent of their parents.
「子供の入学前に、親は承諾書に署名した。	The parents signed a form before the children were enrolled in the school.
親たちは子供への食事を毎日届けに来ていたので、どのような環境にいるかは知っている。	The parents used to bring food to their children daily and they also know the condition they are in.
警察がやってきて、子供たちを退避させ、親が届けた食糧もすべて持ち去った後、学校を閉鎖したのにはとても驚いた	We were very surprised when the police came and evacuated the children as well as removed all the students' food brought by their parents before they shut down the school.
警察が言うようなひどい環境に子供たちを置いていたかどうかを証言できる親たちがいるのに、これは不公平な扱いだ。」	This is unfair because we have parents to testify if their children are kept in bad conduction as claimed by the police.
彼は、前警察庁本部長アブデュラーマンは、子供たちがどのような環境にいるか確認するために一度訪問したことがあるが、苦情を言ったことは全くなかった、と付け加える。	He added that the immediate past Police Commissioner Abdurrahman, who once visited the school to see how the children were taken care, never complained.
また、子供たちはコーランを学んでいただけで、それだけだ、とも言っている。	‎He said the children only studied Quran and nothing else.
しかし、警察の広報室室長ヤクブ・サボは、子供たちは州政府に引き渡されたのちに親と再会することになると語っている。	But the Police Command Public Relations Officer, Yakubu Sabo, said the children would be reunited with their parents after handing them over to the state government.
「コーランについての知識を得ると言う名目で、彼らは非人道的な環境に置かれていた。	"They were kept in dehumanising condition in the name of undergoing or acquiring Quranic knowledge.
多くの子供たちの背中には殴られたような傷跡があった。	With many of them with scars on their back which show they were beaten.
なので、施設の所有者のことを知るために学校を捜査中なのです」と語った。	So, we're investigating the school to know the owner of the facility," he said.
中国の発展にかかせない海外人材	Foreign talent important to China's development
一帯一路イニシアチブ (BRI)、広東-香港-マカオグレーターベイエリア (GBA)、そして試験実証地区として新たな役割を持った深圳市などが大きな魅力となって、広東省は国内でも海外の頭脳が最も流入している。	Guangdong has been leading the country in terms of attracting foreign talent, due in a large part to the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA), and Shenzhen's new role as a pilot demonstration area.
南方メディアグループは、広東省在住の10歳から70歳まで、7人の外国人にインタビューした。	Nanfang Media Group has interviewed seven expatriates aged from 10-70 in Guangdong.
2010年アジア競技大会広州大会期間中に生まれたシンガポール出身のヤッシュは、広東省で科学博士になる夢をかなえたいと語った。	Born in 2010 during the Asian Games in Guangzhou, Yash from Singapore said he would like to realize his dream of becoming a scientific doctor in Guangzhou.
深圳MSU-BIT大学に通うロシア人学生ニキータ・ニカンドロフは「BRIではロシアと中国の学生が一緒に学べます」という。	Nikita Nikandrov, a Russian student of Shenzhen MSU-BIT University said, "With the BRI, Russian students can study together with Chinese students.
協同して新しいアイデアやビジネスを創出できるんです。	We can make new ideas and businesses together.
アメリカ出身のレイチェル・ロメスウィンケルは、東莞市で美容系ブロガーとしてのキャリアをスタートさせたが、現在ではビリビリとウェイボーに百万人を超えるファンがいる。	Rachel Rommeswinkel from the US started her career as a beauty blogger in Dongguan and has over one million fans on Bilibili and Weibo.
レイチェルは、中国の伝統、文化やテクノロジーをこれからも自身のビデオを通じて配信していくと語った。	She said she will keep sharing Chinese traditions, culture and technology through her videos.
広州JJB国際モンテッソーリAMIセンター長で、フランス出身のレティシア・デ・ラスースは「子供の教育というのは上着のボタンをかけていくようなものだ、と言う。	Leticia de Lassus from France, the head of JJB International Montessori AMI Centers in Guangzhou, agrees that "children's education is like buttoning up one's jacket.
最初のボタンを掛け違えると、残り全部の場所が違ってしまうんです。	If the first button is fastened incorrectly, the rest will never find their rightful place.
中国系アメリカ人ヘンリー・シャオは、GBA中心部では、新政策、政府方針、資本や、特に優秀な頭脳へのアクセスなど、自分の会社への恩恵が多数あることを実感している。	Chinese-American Henry Xiao believes that at the heart of GBA, his company can enjoy multiple benefits in terms of new policies, government policies and capitals, especially the talent.
韓国出身でナンタ・ショーのプロデューサーであるショーン・チョイは、広東料理は世界的に有名だし、広東省でナンタ・ショーを広められるのが嬉しいと語った。	Nanta Show producer Sean Choi from South Korea said Guangdong cuisine is famous all over the world, and it has been good to introduce the Nanta Show to Guangdong.
パール・リバーピアノの技術品質監督でスイス出身のステファン・モーラーは、シンプルな仕事をいかによく仕上げるかが、高品質の決め手だと考える。	Stephan Mohler from Switzerland, the technical quality director at the Pearl River Pianos, thinks the secret of high quality lies in simple work done well.
モーラーは、多くの優秀な中国の若者が仕事熱心で良い製品を作ることを学び、常に向上心を高めているその姿に驚いている。	To his surprise, many talented young people in China enjoy working, learn to make good products and persist in their drive to be better.
三重、県立高願書の性別欄削除 性的少数者に配慮：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Showing consideration for sexual minorities, Mie removes gender section from prefectural high school applications: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
心と体の性が一致しないトランスジェンダーなどの性的少数者への配慮として、三重県教育委員会が県立高の入学願書の性別欄削除を決めたことが２８日、分かった。	On the 28th it was established that Mie Prefecture Board of Education has made the decision to remove the gender section from prefecture high school applications, a move that was made in consideration of transgender pupils and other sexual minorities whose mental and physical genders do not match.
県教委は１８年度の入学者を対象とした入試で性別欄を選択式から記述式にし無記入も認めていたが、２０年度から項目自体をなくす。	In the 2018 academic year, the board had already changed the gender section of entrance examinations from a selection to a field for students to fill in themselves, also permitting it to be left blank, but from 2020, they will do away with this section altogether.
クラス分けや体育のグループ分けなどには、中学が作成する調査書を活用。	They will instead use questionnaires filled in at junior high schools to allocate classes and determine groups for physical education.
ただ調査書でも生徒の事情に応じて自由に記入できるよう、選択式だった性別欄を記述式にする。	However, these questionnaires will likewise gutter the gender selection in favour of a field for students to fill in themselves, giving students the freedom to enter their own personal circumstances.
各教委によると、公立高願書の性別欄は大阪府と福岡県が１９年度からなくし、北海道や神奈川県なども２０年度からの削除を決めている。	According to school boards across the nation, Osaka and Fukuoka prefectures have already removed the gender section from public high school applications in 2019, with Hokkaido and Kanagawa Prefecture set to follow suit in 2020.
ユニベット、二度目のアメリカ市場参入	Unibet Takes on its Second U.S. Market
キンドレッドグループの旗艦ブランドユニベットはペンシルバニア州で二度目のアメリカ市場参入を果たし、本日、モヒガン・サン・ポコノと共同でスポーツブックをオープンしたことにより、ペンシルベニアでの正式な立ち上げを果たしたと発表、これにより、ユニベットはわずか一か月間に二度のアメリカ市場参入を果たしたことになる。	Kindred Group's flagship brand Unibet takes on its second U.S. Market in Pennsylvania and announces today its official launch into Pennsylvania with the opening of its Sportsbook in partnership with Mohegan Sun Pocono - marking the company's second U.S. market entry in just one month.
モヒガン・サン・ポコノの既存の施設に、ユニベットのデジタル顧客体験やデータ解析能力を組み合わせれば、アメリカ市場においてユニークかつ強力なスポーツギャンブル体験が生まれる。	Mohegan Sun Pocono's full destination offering, combined with Unibet's digital customer experience and data analysis capacity, will create a unique and strong offering in sports betting in the state.
今月初めにユニベットは、ニュージャージー州でのスポーツブックの開業ならびにニュージャージーデビルズとの複数年契約を発表している。	Earlier this month, Unibet launched its New Jersey Sportsbook and multi-year partnership with the New Jersey Devils.
モヒガン・サン・ポコノと提携し、生まれ変わったスポーツブックにお客様を迎えできたこと、また、オンラインスポーツギャンブルとカジノの両方を擁した州屈指のオンライン商品に、優れた追加が出来たことを、大変嬉しく思っております。	We are excited and proud to partner with Mohegan Sun Pocono to welcome patrons to our new Sportsbook and offer a great extention to our online product in one of the largest states to regulate both online sports betting and casino.
顧客満足体験とその価値を我々と共に追求する強力なパートナーを求めておりましたが、この度の提携で他に類を見ないスポーツギャンブルとカジノ体験を、店舗やもうすぐご提供できる予定のオンライン上で、ペンシルベニアの皆様にご提供できると確信しております。」とキンドレッドUSの上級副社長、マニュエル・スタンは述べた。	We wanted a strong partner who shares our dedication to customer experience and values, and we know that together we will offer Pennsylvanians a truly unmatched in-house and soon-to-come online sports betting and casino experience," says Manuel Stan, SVP Kindred US.
我々は、オンライン規制市場の中でも世界屈指のオンラインカジノ企業とスポーツブックメーカーと手を組んで、既存のお客様にはクラス最高の体験をご提供し、新たなファンを呼び込んでいきます。	We've aligned with one of the world's best online casino and sportsbook operators in online regulated markets, which will allow us to offer a best in class experience to our current clients and attract new fans.
ユニベットのサービスの市場導入は、モヒガン・サン社社だけではなくペンシルべニア州にとっても、大きなプラスです。」とモヒガン・ゲーミング・アンド・エンターテイメントのインタラクティブゲーミング部門部長、アビラム・アルロイは語る。	Introduction of the Unibet offering to the market is a great positive for Mohegan Sun, as well as the State of Pennsylvania," says Aviram Alroy, Vice President of Interactive Gaming at Mohegan Gaming & Entertainment.
今後はNFL、NCAA、NHL、NBA、PGA、プロテニス、ボクシング、UFC、ラグビー、NASCAR、MLS、プレミアリーグサッカー、ラ・リーガ、ブンデスリーガでの利用が可能になるという。	Betting offerings to start will include NFL, NCAA, NHL, NBA, PGA, professional tennis, boxing, UFC, rugby, NASCAR, MLS, Premier League Soccer, La Liga and Bundesliga.
ユニベットのスポーツブックは、プレミアスポーツでのギャンブルサービスとしては世界一のB2Bプロバイダであるカンビ社のシステムを利用し、最高のスポーツギャンブルとエンターテイメント体験を提供する。	Powered by Kambi, a world-leading B2B provider of premium sports betting services, the Unibet Sportsbook offers the best sports betting and entertainment experience around.
ユニベットはまた、今年後半にモヒガン・サン・ポコノとともに提携契約のひとつとしてオンラインスポーツブックとユニベットブランドのオンラインカジノを立ち上げるが、これはアップルとアンドロイドの携帯デバイスで利用可能となる。	Later this year, together with Mohegan Sun Pocono, Unibet will also launch its Sportsbook and signature casino online as part of the partnership agreement, which will be available via Apple and Android mobile devices.
21歳サバレンカ 世界1位バーティ撃破、2連覇へ王手＜女子テニス＞（tennis365.net ） - Yahoo!ニュース	21 years old Sabalenka defeats number one world ranked Barty, second straight victory <women's tennis>（tennis365.net ） - Yahoo!news
武漢オープン	Bukan open
女子テニスの武漢オープン（中国/武漢、ハード、WTAプレミア5）は27日、シングルス準決勝が行われ、第9シードのA・サバレンカ（ベラルーシ）が第1シードのA・バーティ（オーストラリア）を7-5， 6-4のストレートで破り、2年連続2度目の決勝進出を果たした。	At Women's tennis Bukan open (China/Bukan, hard, WTA premier five) on 27th, the singles semifinal was carried out, and 9th seed A. Sabalenka (Belarus) defeated top seeded A. Barty (Australia) with a straight 7-5, 6-4, and proceeded to the finals for the second year in a row.
【20歳サバレンカ 初トップ10へ】	[20 years old Sabalenka in the top 10 for the first time]
昨年の同大会覇者のサバレンカはこの日、ファーストサービスが入ったときに75パーセントの確率でポイントを獲得。	On this day, Sablenka, the winner of last year's tournament, gained points from first serves, with a 75% probability.
8本のダブルフォルトを犯した世界ランク1位のバーティのサービスゲームを3度ブレークし、1時間43分で勝利した。	She won in 1 hour 43 minutes, breaking for 3 times the service game by world's number one ranked Barty, who racked up 8 double faults.
女子プロテニス協会WTAは公式サイトにサバレンカのコメントを掲載している。	The Women's Association of Tennis Professionals, WTA, posted a comment by Sabalenka on their official website.
「もちろん決勝まで来れてうれしい。とてもタフな試合だった。今日は互いに素晴らしいレベルのプレーだったとは言えないけれど、勝つための糸口を見つけることができてよかった」	"Of course I am happy I made it to the final. It was a difficult match. I wouldn't say we both played at an amazing level, but I'm glad I found a way to win this game."
「この勝利は多くの意味が私にはあると思う。去年よりも断然感覚がいい。去年は初のプレミアでの決勝、タイトルだった。今年は本当に厳しいシーズンで、このレベルに戻ってくるのに、楽しむことができている感じ」	"This win means a lot to me. I feel better compared to last year. Last year was my first time going to the Premier final and getting the title. This season has been really tough, but I feel I am having fun coming back to this level."
21歳のサバレンカは決勝で、世界ランク35位のA・リスケ（アメリカ）と2連覇をかけて対戦する。	21 years old Sabalenka will be playing against 35th world ranked A. Riske (USA) for the second consecutive win.
リスケは準決勝で、第5シードのP・クヴィトバ（チェコ）をストレートで下しての勝ち上がり。	Riske defeated 5th seed P. Kvitová (Czech) straight at the semi finals and proceeds to final.
セントラル・コーストの「極悪非道」迷彩服の少女レイプ犯、法廷で被害者と対峙命令	'Hideous' Central Coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court
2017年5月、葉がついた迷彩色のギリースーツを着用した男が、州内セントラル・コーストにある学校へ登校中の当時12歳の少女を背後からつかんで茂みに引き込んだ。	Dressed in a leafy Ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12-year-old from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's Central Coast in May 2017.
その後、男は少女を木にくくりつけて性的暴行を加えた。	He then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her.
逮捕直後に家宅捜索令状が執行され、警察官が捜査に関連する多数の品を押収した。	Shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation.
男は、2016年8月から2017年4月にかけて、今回の暴行および別の11歳の少女に対するグルーミング、性的虐待など3件の容疑を含む7件の嫌疑について有罪を認めた。	The man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between August 2016 and April 2017.
12歳の被害者は小道を歩いていた途中でふりかえると、大きな木の枝とナイフで武装した男が突然茂みから出てくるのを目撃した。	The 12-year-old victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife.
少女が「やめて、やめて、やめて。」と頼むと、男は少女にヘッドロックをかけ、無理やり雑木林に連れ込んだ。	When she pleaded "stop, stop, stop," he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub.
男は少女に「しーっ、大声を出すな。	The man told the girl: "Shhh, don't scream.
大声を出したら、痛い目にあわせないといけなくなる」と言った。	Don't scream or I'll have to hurt you."
男は右手に刃物を持って少女の両手足をケーブルタイで縛った後に木に打ち付け、1時間近くにわたって虐待した。	Holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour.
男がケーブルをほどくと少女は狂ったように泣き叫んで学校に駆け込んだ。	After he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school.
男は、職場同僚から携帯メールや電話が数回あったが応答せず、午前9時半頃に職場に到着した。	The man arrived at work about 9.30am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues.
男は泥、草、木などを衣服につけた出で立ちで、路上暴力行為に遭い、運転手を茂みまで追いかけていたところ、土手でころんだと主張した。	With dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment.
男の判決公判は引き続き火曜日に行われる。	The man's sentencing hearing continues on Tuesday.
ローマ教皇、AI開発は公共利益に基づくべしとIT企業代表に警告	Pope warns tech execs to use AI for the common good
ローマ教皇フランシスコは金曜、公共利益の倫理的評価を伴わなければ、人工知能開発競争やその他のデジタル開発には社会的不公平を増強する恐れがあると、IT企業代表者、外交官、投資家などに警告した。	Pope Francis on Friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good.
教皇は、政府外交官、フェイスブックやグーグルの代表、並びに哲学者、物理学者や倫理学者らが一堂に会したバチカン会議にて述べた。	Francis addressed a Vatican conference that brought government envoys and Facebook and Google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists.
「デジタル時代の公共利益」と題したこの会議では、少数の学者やカトリック司教らも招かれた。	A smattering of academics and Catholic bishops rounded out participants at "The Common Good in the Digital Age" conference.
この3日間の会議が、人工知能開発における将来性や危険性の議論にバチカンも参加意欲を持つことの最新の証拠となった。	The three-day gathering is the latest evidence of the Vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence.
会議では戦時技術開発や増大する機械作業の将来性についての議論が行われ、同時にニュージーランド・クライストチャーチでの銃乱射事件とその残虐動画流出時のソーシャルメディア企業らの対応についての事例検証も行われた。	The debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the Christchurch, New Zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage.
会議での自身の演説で教皇は、産業革命の幕開けにおいて機械がいかに労働者を危険や単純労働から解放したかを挙げ、技術進歩の発展性を称賛した。	In his speech to the conference, Francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor.
しかし利益追求の為ロボット工学に頼りすぎれば、労働の尊厳を人間から奪ってしまう恐れもあると警鐘を鳴らした。	But he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor.
「技術の進歩が、ますます顕著になっている不平等の原因となるならば、それは正しい真の進歩とはいえません。」と教皇は警告した。	"If technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress," he warned.
人間のいわゆる技術進歩が公共利益と敵対するのであれば、残念ながら強者の理論に基づくある種野蛮ともいえる状態へと逆行することになるでしょう	If mankind's so-called technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest.
会議主催者によると、この会議で参加者らの専門知識を活用し、ハイテク分野に関するカトリック教会の将来的顧問となれる人材を見出したいとのことだ。	Organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants' expertise identify possible future advisers for the Catholic Church on high tech issues.
長野サプライズ演出 Ｇ阿部の登場曲で打席へ！	Nagano's surprise performance, stepping into the box to G Abe's walk-up music.
師匠、ありがとうございました ― ― 。	Thank you very much, my mentor.
広島・長野久義外野手（３４）が２７日の中日戦（マツダ）に「４番・左翼」で先発出場。	Nagano Hisayoshi (34), outfielder of Hiroshima started the Chunichi game (Mazda) as the "fourth, left."
初回二死二塁の打席で流れたのは今季限りでの引退を表明した巨人・阿部の登場曲でアース・ウインド＆ファイアーの「Ｓｅｐｔｅｍｂｅｒ」だった。	The song that play at runner on second, 2 outs in the first inning, was Earth, Wind & Fire's "September", which is the walk-up song for Abe from the Giants, who announced his retirement after this season.
結果はライナー性の中飛だったが、長野の粋なサプライズ演出に気付いた敏感なファンからは「おおーっ ！ 」と拍手が沸き起こった。	It ended up being a line drive, fly ball, but the attentive fans, who noticed Nagano's thoughtful surprise, applauded with a " Wow!"
長野にとって、阿部はプロ入りから公私にわたって世話になった大先輩。	For Nagano, Abe has been a great mentor in his baseball and personal life since his pro debut.
阿部の引退記念試合となった巨人―ＤｅＮＡ戦が行われた東京ドームには「師匠へ」とメッセージを添えた花も贈っていた。	He also sent flowers with a message "dear mentor" to Tokyo dome, where Abe's last memorial game before retirement, Giants vs DeNA, was held.
レアル・マドリードの貸出し選手マルティン・ウーデゴール、仰天アシストでファン興奮	Martin Odegaard, Real Madrid Loanee, Sends Fans Wild With Mind-Boggling Assist.
マルティン・ウーデゴールがミケル・オヤルサバルの先制にびっくり仰天のアシストを披露した。	Martin Odegaard provided a jaw-dropping assist for Mikel Oyarzabal's opener.
レアル・マドリードは、２−０でオサスナに勝利し、今国内シーズンでの不敗記録を更新、ラ・リーガ順位表のトップに躍り出た。	Real Madrid went top of the La Liga table following their 2-0 win over Osasuna as they continued their unbeaten run in this year's domestic season.
しかし、今シーズン、ラ・リーガで１試合も負けていないにもかかわらず、激動のオープン戦とウェールズのスター選手ガレス・ベイルとの公然の不和などで、ジネディーヌ・ジダン監督はとてつもないプレッシャーにさらされている。	However, despite not losing a single game in La Liga this season, manager Zinedine Zidane is under tremendous pressure following a tumultuous pre-season and a public rift with Welsh star Gareth Bale.
レアル・マドリードがチャンピョンズリーグでパリ・サンジェルマン（PSG)に屈辱を受けた時点で、プレッシャーは我慢の限界に達したようだ。	The pressure seemed to reach the boiling point when Real Madrid were humiliated by Paris-Saint Germain (PSG) in the Champions League.
しかし、ジネディーヌ・ジダン監督とレアル・マドリードには本物の才能があるようで、監督の現在のプランに入っている選手と入っていない選手がいる。	But Zinedine Zidane and Real Madrid have some real talent on their books, some who are currently in the Frenchman's plans and those that aren't.
ヴィニシウス・ジュニオールは、そのようなレアル・マドリードの将来がかかったスター選手の一人で、現在チームでプレイしている。	Vinícius Junior is one such star for the future for Real Madrid and is currently with the team.
しかし、レアル・ソシエダにレンタル移籍中の、もう1人の若きノルウェー人マルティン・ウーデゴールもラ・リーガ戦で絶妙なアシストを提供し、もてはやされている。	However, another Norwegian youngster Martin Odegaard, who has been loaned out to Real Sociedad, is creating a flutter after providing a mind-boggling assist during a La Liga match.
マルティン・ウーデゴールは、レアル・ソシエダ対アラベス戦でプレイし、ミケル・オヤルサバルの先制にびっくり仰天のアシスト、レアル・ソシエダは３対０で本拠地で勝利を飾った。	Playing for Real Sociedad vs Alaves, Martin Odegaard provided a jaw-dropping assist for Mikel Oyarzabal's opener as Real Sociedad ran out 3-0 winners at home.
右からボールを受けたマルティン・ウーデゴールは、相手選手の股を抜くドリブルで、別の２選手の内側を抜ける絶妙なパスをオヤルサバルに送り、この完全に正確なスルーボール受けてゴールを決めた。	After picking the ball up on the right, Martin Odegaard drifted away from one opponent by nutmegging him and then threaded a stunning pass inside two more for his teammate to get at the of the inch-perfect through-ball and poke home.
ウィリアン・ジョゼの2回目のゴールと見事なオヤルサバルの3回目のペナルティスポットからのゴールで、アラベスのミッドフィルダー、マヌ ・ガルシア選手が終了5分前で退場となる直前に、イマノルチームの圧倒的な勝利を確実なものにした。	Willian Jose's second and a third from the impressive Oyarzabal, this time from the penalty spot, secured a convincing win for Imanol's side, before Alaves midfielder Manu Garcia was sent off with five minutes to play.
マルティン・ウーデゴール選手は、2015年に16歳でレアル・マドリードに入団したが、評判どおりの素晴らしさを発揮しようと四苦八苦してきた。	Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid aged just 16 in 2015 but has struggled to live up to the hype.
20歳となったこのノルウェー人の若者は今、ついに本領を発揮しているようだ。	Now 20, the Norwegian youngster finally appears to be finding his feet.
アンナ・ハザレ、マハラシュトラ州協同組合銀行不正融資事件でシャラド・パワールの名が上がり驚愕	Anna Hazare Surprised Sharad Pawar's Name Figures In Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank Scam Case
アンナ・ハザレは、「この訴訟の連絡がきたとき、シャラド・パワールの名前はリストにはなかった」と語った。	Anna Hazare said "Sharad Pawar's name was not on the list when this case came to me"
社会活動家のアンナ・ハザレは、数千万ルピーが絡むマハラシュトラ州協同組合銀行詐欺事件に国民会議党（NCP)のシャラド・パワール党首の名が突然浮上したことに驚きを示した。	Social activist Anna Hazare has expressed surprise over Nationalist Congress Party or NCP chief Sharad Pawar's name cropping up in the multi-crore Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank scam.
調査機関の執行局（ED)は、同詐欺事件に関連して、シャラド・パワール、甥のアジット・パワール元マハラシュトラ州副大臣らに対し、資金洗浄訴訟を起こした。	Probe agency Enforcement Directorate or ED has filed a money laundering case against Sharad Pawar, his nephew Ajit Pawar - a former deputy chief minister of Maharashtra - and others in connection with the scam.
資金洗浄防止法に基づき、警察の第一次報告書に匹敵する執行局の報告書が中央当局によって登録された。	An Enforcement Case Information Report, equivalent to a police FIR, has been registered by the central agency under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
この訴訟は、同銀行の元会長であったアジット・パワールおよび70名の共同組合銀行の元職員の氏名が告発されたムンバイ警察第一次報告書に基づいている。	The case is based on a Mumbai Police FIR which had named former chairmen of the bank, Ajit Pawar, and 70 erstwhile functionaries of the cooperative lender.
この訴訟の連絡がきたとき、シャラド・パワールの名前はどこにもなかった。	When this case came to me, Sharad Pawar's name was not there anywhere.
執行局による訴訟およびシャラド・パワールがその詐欺事件に関与しているという疑惑について問われ、アンナ・ハザレは「シャラドの名前がどのように浮上したのか、誰が言及したのかは彼らのみが知るところだ」と木曜日に述べた。	How did his name crop up, who mentioned his name, all these things only they know," Anna Hazare said on Thursday when asked about the ED case and Sharad Pawar's alleged links to the scam.
シャラド・パワールを批判するアンナ・ハザレは、執行局が詐欺事件に対し詳細な捜査を実施すれば、真実が判明するだろうと期待を表明した。	Anna Hazare, a Sharad Pawar critic, expressed the hope that the truth will come out after the ED carries out a detailed investigation in the scam.
多数の汚職行為防止活動のベテランであるアンナ・ハザレは、「執行局はこの事件で彼の名が浮上した経緯を知るだろう」と述べた。	"The ED will come to know how his name figured in the case," said Anna Hazare, a veteran of many anti-corruption agitations.
シャラド・パワールは、一切の不正行為を否定し、共同銀行とはまったく関係がないと主張し、10月21日のマハラシュトラ州議会選挙のちょうど数週間前という訴訟登録のタイミングを疑問視した。	Sharad Pawar has denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was not associated with the bank in any capacity and questioned the timing of the registration of the case which comes just weeks ahead of the October 21 Assembly polls in Maharashtra.
元連合大臣は、明らかにインド人民党主導の政府を指して、デリーの「王権」の前に屈しはしないと断言した。	The former Union minister has asserted he would not bow before the "throne" of Delhi, apparently referring to the BJP-led government at the Centre.
NCPはこの執行局による訴訟を政略的と称した。	The NCP has termed the Enforcement Directorate case as politically motivated.
南アフリカ：UKZNの学生シネセンバ・ンドロブさん殺害容疑で20歳の男を逮捕	South Africa: Man, 20, Charged With Murder of Ukzn Student Sinethemba Ndlovu
検察庁（NPA)によると、クワズールー・ナタール大学（UKZN)の学生、シネセンバ・ンドロブさんの殺害に関与して逮捕された男が、来週に保釈申請する見込みである。	A man who was arrested in connection with the murder of University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) student Sinethemba Ndlovu is expected to apply for bail next week, according to the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA).
同容疑者は、木曜日にムシンガ治安判事裁判所に殺人容疑で出頭した。	The accused appeared in the Msinga Magistrate's Court on Thursday on a charge of murder.
クワズールー・ナタール検察庁のナターシャ・カーラ報道官は、NEWS24に対し、この保釈申請を受けて訴訟が10月2日に延期されたと述べた。	KZN NPA spokesperson Natasha Kara told News24 that the case was postponed to October 2 for the bail application.
同氏は、州政府は容疑者の保釈に異議を唱える見込みだと付け加えた。	She added that the State would oppose the accused's release on bail.
クワズールー・ナタール警察の報道官テムベカ・ムベーレ大佐によると、月曜に20歳の容疑者の男が逮捕されたということだ。	According to KZN police spokesperson Colonel Thembeka Mbele, the 20-year-old accused was arrested on Monday.
ンドロブさんは左脇の下と腹部を刺されたと、今週に入って警察は述べた。	Ndlovu was stabbed below her left armpit and stomach, police said earlier this week.
ンドロブさんは、土曜夕方、ムシンガ・ドリフカーナ・モータースポーツイベントで接客係を務めていたとされている。	It's believed that she worked as a hostess at the Msinga Driftkhana motorsport event on Saturday evening.
その日に出された声明で、モータースポーツイベントの主催者は、音楽演奏を見るため接客係数人がイベント勤務を終えた後も残っていたらしいことが速報でわかったと述べた。	In a statement issued that day, organisers of the motorsport event said preliminary reports suggested that a few hostesses remained behind after the event to watch some of the musical performances after their shift ended.
残念なことに、そのうちの一人が途中で見知らぬ男たちに襲われ、その後病院で死亡した、と声明には書かれていた。	On their way, sadly, one of them was attacked by unknown men and later passed [a]way in hospital," their statement read.
UKZNは、ンドロブさん死亡という状況を受け、「私たちはひとつのコミュニティとして、人生の儚さとこの社会で頻繁に起きる残虐行為についてよく考える必要がある」と述べ、金曜に学術活動を一時休止した。	UKZN suspended academic activities on Friday, saying "the circumstances of Ndlovu's death requires us as a community to pause and reflect on the fragility of life, and the brutality that often exists in our society."
【バドミントン・中国OP】桃田が激闘を制して優勝！	[Badminton・China OP]　Momota wins after tough game!
タカマツは準優勝（バド×スピ！	Takamatsu is runner up (Bado×Supi!
9/23 (月) 7:52配信	Published September 23rd (Mon) 7:52
9月22日、バドミントンのBWFワールドツアー、中国オープン（中国・常州）は大会最終日。	September 22nd was the last day of the badminton BWF world tour, China open (China・Changzhou).
各種目決勝が行われ、日本勢は男子シングルスと女子ダブルスに登場した。	The final rounds of each event were held and the Japanese players appeared in the men's singles and women's doubles.
男子シングルスの桃田賢斗（NTT東日本・世界ランク1位）は、昨年の決勝で敗れていたインドネシア選手に勝利。	For men's singles, Momota Kento (NTT East Japan /ranked 1st in world) defeated the Indonesian player who had defeated him last year.
前日の準決勝に続き、約1時間半に及ぶ戦いを2－1で制し、大会初優勝を果たした。	Following the previous day's semifinals, he won the hour and half match by leading 2-1 to his first victory of the tournament.
女子ダブルスの高橋礼華／松友美佐紀（日本ユニシス・世界ランク3位）は、世界ランク4位の中国ペアに敗れて準優勝。	For women's doubles, Takahashi Reika /Matsutomo Misaki (Nihon Unysis / ranked 3rd in world) ended up as runner up after being defeated by a Chinese pair ranked 4th in the world.
昨年に続く連覇はならなかった。	Consecutive win from last year was not to be.
マイラン社、エピペン問題和解金3000万ドル支払いに同意	Mylan agrees to pay $30M in EpiPen settlement
マイラン社は、メディケイドに対するエピペンを巡る過剰請求の有無についての米司法省の調査に関する情報を投資家に開示しなかった件で、和解金3000万ドルを支払うことに同意した。	Mylan has agreed to pay $30 million in a settlement tied to its failure to tell investors about a Justice Department investigation into whether the company overcharged Medicaid for the EpiPen.
金曜、米証券取引委員会は、マイラン社がメディケイドの薬品リベートプログラムにおいてエピペンを「ジェネリック」として分類していたと発表した。	The Securities and Exchange Commission said Friday that Mylan NV classified the EpiPen as a "generic" drug under the Medicaid drug rebate program.
これにより、医薬会社からの政府に対する支払いは、エピペンが「ブランド」薬品として分類された場合に比べ極端に低い額であったことが分かった。	This led to the pharmaceutical company paying much lower rebates to the government than if the EpiPen had been classified as a "branded" drug.
マイラン社は、7月に本件に関してSECと原則的合意に達したことを発表した。	Mylan had disclosed in July that it had reached an agreement-in-principle with the SEC on the matter.
金曜日に出された企業の声明文では、SECの主張について肯定も否定もされていない。	The company said in a statement Friday that it neither admits nor denies the SEC's allegations.
アクセルペダルの踏み間違い事故をなくす！	Eliminate stepping on the accelerator by accident!
後付け可能な急発進防止装置4選（Auto Messe Web ） - Yahoo!ニュース	4 sudden start prevention devices that can be retrofitted (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo! News
意外とリーズナブルに安心が買える	You can buy peace of mind for surprisingly reasonable prices
運転ミスによって起きる交通事故。	Traffic accidents caused by driver error.
なかでも高齢ドライバーによるブレーキとアクセルの踏み間違いによる事故は、増加傾向にあります。	Above all else, accidents caused by elderly drivers accidently pressing the accelerator instead of the breaks have begun to increase.
とくに急発進したときはパニック状態になり、ブレーキペダルを踏んでいるつもりでアクセルは踏んだままということもあります。	They especially panic when the car suddenly starts moving, and keep stepping on the accelerator while thinking they are stepping on the brake pedal.
このような運転ミスを未然にカバーするような安全運転サポート機能を装着した新車が登場していますが、未装着車にも装着可能な後付け装置も存在しています。	New vehicles with safe driving functions that can correct such driver errors have been appearing, and there are also devices that can be retrofit onto vehicles that don't have these functions equipped.
そんなアフターパーツメーカーが開発、販売している急発進防止・予防システム。	The sudden start prevention system these after production parts makers sell.
それぞれがどのような特徴を持っているのか紹介したいと思います。	We'd like to introduce a few to show what kind of features they have.
アクセルとブレーキのペダル間隔が狭く同時に踏んでしまう	Stepping on both accelerator and break because distance between them is narrow
【e-ACCEL ALARM】 新たな視点でペダルの踏み間違いを知らせるのは、ピボットが開発した「e-ACCEL ALARM（イーアクセルアラーム ） 」 。	[e-ACCEL ALARM] The e-ACCEL ALARM, developed by Pivot, notifies you of pedal stepping mistakes in a new way.
ペダルの踏み間違いを"警報音"で回避させるというものです。	It sounds an alarm if the wrong pedal is stepped on.
仕組みは、停止または低速走行時に、ブレーキと踏み間違えてアクセルペダルを必要以上踏むと"警報音"を発生。	The mechanism is such that, an alarm is sound when the accelerator is pressed more than necessary, when mistaking it for the break while driving slowly or stopping.
音に反応しアクセルを戻すことを促し、踏み間違いを素早く認識させることで急加速を回避させるというもの。	The sound notifies the driver to ease back on the accelerator and avoid speeding up by quickly recognizing the wrong step.
アクセルの踏み間違いによる、エンジン音の変化が分かりにくく、聞こえにくかったりする高齢者ドライバーにも効果的。	It is also effective for elderly drivers who are unable to hear the change in engine sounds when they step on the accelerator by accident.
装着はOBDIIコネクターへ差し込み、本体は両面テープで貼るだけ。	Insert it into the OBDII connector and the body sticks with double-sided tape.
価格も9800円（税抜）と手頃だし、設定も必要なしという手軽さも魅力です。	The price is reasonable at 9800 yen (excluding tax) and the no installation simplicity is appealing.
【あしもと見守るくん】 ワールドウィングが9月中旬に発売をスタートさせたのが、アクセル・ブレーキ踏み間違い防止装置「あしもと見守るくん 」 。	[Ashimoto Mimamoru-kun] World Wing launched an accelerator/break mistake prevention device called "Ashimoto Mimamoru-kun" in mid-September.
前進だけなく後退（バック）時にも対応。	It support not just forward movement, but also backwards.
停車時（および10Km/h未満）からの前進・後退においてアクセルペダルが急激に踏み込まれた際に車両側の車速信号とブレーキ信号を検知、アクセル開度を電気的に抑制して急発進を抑制します。	When the accelerator is suddenly pressed when moving forward or backward while stopping (or driving at less than 10Km/h) it detects the vehicle’s speed signal and brake signal and suppresses the sudden start by electronically controlling the accelerator.
誤ってアクセルペダルを踏んでしまったときに、アクセルからの信号を伝えず、瞬時にクリープ走行状態（Dレンジでブレーキを離した状態）にするで急発進を制御。	If you accidentally step on the accelerator it won't transmit the signal from the accelerator and instead instantly turn to creep drive (Brake released in the D range) which controls the sudden start.
後退（バック）時においても約5Km/h以上の車速を検知し、強制的に車両をクリープ状態に切り換える機能も搭載しています。	It also detects the speed of the vehicle going backwards above 5 km/h and has the function to force switch the vehicle to creep mode.
取り付けは、カプラーオンと簡単な配線処理だけで可能です。	Installation is possible with just a coupler and some simple wiring.
本体価格は3万7000円（税抜 ） 。	The main unit is 37000 yen (excluding tax).
米金融大手ＣＥＯにシャーフ氏 ウェルズ・ファーゴ｜静岡新聞アットエス	Scharf to become CEO of the US financial giant, Wells Fargo | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
米ウェルズ・ファーゴのＣＥＯに就任するチャールズ・シャーフ氏＝４月、ワシントン（ＡＰ＝共同）	Charles Scharf, who will take office as CEO of Wells Fargo, in Washington in April (Associated Press)
【ニューヨーク共同】米金融大手ウェルズ・ファーゴは２７日、最高経営責任者（ＣＥＯ）にバンク・オブ・ニューヨーク・メロンＣＥＯだったチャールズ・シャーフ氏が就く人事を発表した。	New York: The US financial firm, Wells Fargo, announced on the 27th that it will be appointing Charles Scharf, formerly CEO of the Bank of New York Mellon, as CEO.
ウェルズ・ファーゴでは２０１６年、従業員が顧客に無断で口座を開設するなどした不祥事が発覚した。	In 2016, a scandal was uncovered wherein Wells Fargo employees had opened accounts without the consent of customers.
企業統治への批判が続く中、今年３月にティム・スローン前ＣＥＯが辞任。	Amidst continuing criticism over its corporate governance, former CEO Tim Sloan resigned in March of this year.
暫定ＣＥＯを起き、社外からＣＥＯ候補を探していた。	Wells Fargo put a temporary CEO in place while they searched for a CEO from outside the company.
福井県福井市中央１丁目にオープンしたタピオカドリンク専門店	New Tapioca Drink Stores Open at Chuo 1-chome, Fukui
福井県福井市中央１丁目の空き店舗数は８月末現在で３９軒となり、３月からの半年間で７軒減ったことが、市の第三セクターまちづくり福井の調査で分かった。	A review of the city's third sector that was carried out by the Fukui town planning council has revealed that the current number of vacant stores in Fukui's Chuo 1-chome is 39 as of the end of August, down seven in the six months since March.
短期間に相次いだタピオカドリンク専門店の新規出店が、空き店舗の解消につながった。	A number of stores specialising in tapioca drinks opening in quick succession has led to the reduction of vacant stores.
空き店舗数は、美をテーマに出店者を呼び込む「美のまちプロジェクト」やリノベーションの動きが活発化した２０１６年２月に次ぐ水準にまで改善した。	The situation has improved to a level just behind that of February 2016, when the "Beauty Town Project" that invited people to set up shops on the theme of beauty, and other renovation works, were especially active.
調査は１階路面店が対象。	The review only considered stores at street level.
前回以降の半年間で１５軒の出店があり、うち１２軒が空き店舗で開業した。	Fifteen new stores have appeared in the six months since the last review, with 12 of them opening in previously vacant stores.
一方、退店などで５軒が新たに空き店舗となった。	Meanwhile, five stores have become vacant due to closures.
全体の店舗数は３２０軒で、空き店舗率は１２・２％となり前回に比べて１・９ポイント下がった。	There are 320 stores in total, and the vacancy rate is 12.2%, down 1.9 points from the previous review.
新規出店１５軒のうちタピオカ専門店は５軒。	Of the 15 new stores, five specialise in serving tapioca drinks.
６月以降に北の庄通りや福井駅前南通りなどで開業した。	Since June, they have sprung up in locations such as Kitanosho-dori Street and Fukui Ekimae Minami-dori Street.
まちづくり福井によると、調査後に、福井駅前電車通りの空き店舗にも、別のタピオカ専門店が進出。	According to the Fukui town planning council, more tapioca drink stores have appeared in once vacant stores on Fukui Ekimae Densha-dori Street since the review was carried out.
担当者は「平日にも長い行列ができた一時期の熱気は落ち着いてきたが、まだまだタピオカを片手に歩く女性は多く見られる」と話している。	A source attached to the review said, "While the initial fervor that saw long queues even on weekdays has calmed down, you still see plenty of women walking down the street, tapioca in hand."
再開発の計画があるエリアの状況をみると、出店が４軒（うち２軒はタピオカ専門店 ） 、 退店は１軒だった。	A look at areas where redevelopment is planned reveals four new stores (two of them tapioca drink stores) and one store closure.
同社の調査では、中央１丁目の空き店舗数は１０年８月に７８店舗（空き店舗率２０・３ ％ ） と最も増えた。	According to the council's investigations, the number of vacant stores in Chuo 1-chome was at the highest in August 2010, with 78 vacant stores (a vacancy rate of 20.3%).
その後改善し、１６年２月以降は４０軒前後で推移していたが、ことし２月は４６軒に増えていた。	After that, the situation improved and the number of vacant stores was stable around 40 from February 2016 onwards, but rose to 46 in February of this year.
１０代の息子２人を殺害した母親、有罪を認める	Mother pleads guilty to murdering two teenage sons
１０代の息子２人を殺害したことを認め、さらに４人の子供の殺害も企てたとされる女は、残りの生涯を刑務所で過ごすことになる見込みと言い渡され、泣き崩れた。	A woman broke down in tears as she was told she could spend the rest of her life in prison after admitting murdering her two teenage sons while conspiring to kill four more of her children.
セーラ・バラス（３５）は、トリスタン・バラス（１３）さんおよびブレイク・バラスさん（１４）の殺害で罪状を認めた。	Sarah Barrass, 35, pleaded guilty to the murder of Tristan Barrass, 13, and Blake Barrass, 14.
兄弟は、5月24日午前7時30分頃、サウス・ヨークシャー、シェフィールドのシャーグリーン付近に警察が通報を受けた後、病院で１人目が死亡、２人目も12分後に死亡した。	The brothers died in hospital 12 minutes apart after police were called to the Shiregreen area of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, at about 7.30am on 24 May.
検視が行われたが、金曜にシェフィールド刑事法院で開かれた審理では結果は公表されなかった。	Postmortems have been carried out but the results were not given during a hearing on Friday at Sheffield crown court.
少年たちの死亡に関する正確な状況は未だに明らかになっていない。	The exact circumstances surrounding the boys' deaths are not yet known.
バラスは、家族で共同被告人のブランドン・マチン（３９）とともに被告席に現れた。	Barrass appeared in the dock alongside her co-defendant, Brandon Machin, 39, a family member.
警備員に付き添われた２人は、2件の殺人、子供６人の殺害共謀容疑で有罪を認めた。	Flanked by three security officers, they pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to murder six children.
２０分間の審理中、２人は他にも５件の殺人未遂で有罪を認めた。	The pair also pleaded guilty to five counts of attempted murder during the 20-minute hearing.
殺害共謀容疑は、5月14日から20日の間に関係している。	The conspiracy to murder charges relate to a period between 14 and 20 May.
4件の殺人未遂容疑には、5月23日のブレイクさんとトリスタンさんを含む４人の子供が絡んでいる。	Four of the attempted murder charges relate to four children, including Blake and Tristan on 23 May.
５件目の殺人未遂は5月24日に起きた。	The fifth count of attempted murder took place on 24 May.
一命を取り留めた子供たちはすべて13歳以下である。	The surviving children are all under the age of 13.
裁判官のジェレミー・リチャードソン勅選弁護士は、２人に対し、「あなた方のした行為の非道さは私の言葉では言い尽くせない。	The judge, Jeremy Richardson QC, told the pair: "No words of mine can ever fully reflect the enormity of what you have both done.
犯した罪が十分率直に物語っている。	The crimes you have committed quite frankly speak for themselves.
２人の子供の殺害。	The murder of two children.
４人の子供の殺人未遂および包括的殺害の陰謀。	The attempted murder of four children and the overarching conspiracy to murder those children.
ほぼ間違いなく、やがて、各々に数件の終身刑の判決が下されるでしょう。」と言い渡した。	I have little doubt that each of you will in due course be sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment."
どこで終身刑が課されるかは裁判官次第である。	It's a matter for the judge where a whole life order is imposed.
判決は11月12日に下される予定である。	They will be sentenced on 12 November.
鳥羽 ごみリサイクル技術を視察 ネパールの農林大臣ら 三重 - 伊勢新聞	Nepalese ministers of agriculture and forestry visit Topa, Mie, to observe city's waste recycling technology - Ise Newspaper
【リサイクル施設を視察するネパールのダワ農林大臣（右端）ら一行＝鳥羽市のリサイクルパークで】	[Minister Dawa (far right) and other ministers from Nepal's Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry observing recycling facilities at Toba's Recycling Park]
【鳥羽】ネパールのダワ・ドルチェ・ラマ農林大臣ら10人が26日、三重県の鳥羽市役所や同市大明東町のリサイクルパークを訪れ、生ゴミの堆肥化技術などを視察した。	[Toba] Dawa Dorje Lama, the Nepalese Minister of Agriculture and Forestry, and nine other ministers visited Toba City Hall and Recycling Park in Oakihigashi-machi on the 26th to observe the city's technology for turning raw waste into compost.
同国では従来、生活ゴミのほとんどを埋め立てで処理していたが、留学生を通じて津市在住の日本農業経営大学校講師橋本力男さん (67) が研究しているごみの堆肥化技術が紹介されたことにより、無農薬での有機農業促進に向け、カトマンズ州ティミ市をモデル都市に、ごみのリサイクル導入に向けた取り組みを開始した。	Up until now, most domestic waste in Nepal was buried in landfills, but an exchange student introduced the country to the composting technology being researched by Hashimoto Rikio (67), a professor at the Japan institute of Agricultural management in Tsu, and Nepal has now begun initiatives to introduce waste recycling in the model city of Thimi in Kathmandu District, with the aim of promoting organic agriculture free from pesticides.
県内では平成19年に設置された鳥羽市の同施設で技術が活用されていることから30年２月に視察を開始し、今回で３回目の視察団訪問となる。	They have first visited this facility in Feburary 2018, since this facility, established in Toba, Mie Prefecture in 2007 utilizes this technology, and this time marks their third visit to the facility.
視察に初参加したダワ大臣は市役所で中村欣一郎市長と面談し 、 「 世界でも日本の技術は進んでいる。ティミだけでなく全国的に取り組みを進めたい」とあいさつし、姉妹都市提携を視野に入れた交流を求めた。	Minister Dawa, who was participating for the first time, met with Mayor Nakamura Kinichiro at the city hall, and said, "Japanese technology is advancing at a global level. I want to expand this scheme not just to Thimi, but nationwide," seeking exchange with the view to forming a sister city alliance.
中村市長は「まだ鳥羽市民全体に行き渡っていないのに高い評価をいただき驚いている。今後も心の交流を続けたい」と話していた。	In response, Mayor Nakamura said, "I'm delighted to receive such high praise even though the scheme has not yet spread to the all the citizens of Toba. I would like to continue our reciprocal exchange in the future."
〈佐賀豪雨〉豪雨災害、あの時何が... 子育て中の母親経験共有 自治体に提言も「家族の形に合わせた備えを」｜まちの話題｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Saga heavy rains: torrential rain disaster, what happened then... mothers with young children share their experiences proposal to the local government "Preparations need to be made that suit family units" | Local Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
「白石町子育て応援サークルはぐはぐ 」 （ 田中知子代表）は２７日、佐賀豪雨災害の経験や教訓を共有する座談会を同町坂田の有明公民館で開いた。	On the 27th, "Shiroishi Town Childcare Support Club Hug Hug" (representative: Tanaka Tomoko) held a round-table discussion in the Ariake Community Centre in Sakada, Shiroishi, to share experiences and the lessons learnt from the recent heavy rain in Saga.
子育て中の母親ら約２０人が各家庭に合った防災の形を考え、気付きや自治体への要望などをまとめた。	Around 20 mothers with young children thought about the form of disaster prevention that would be most suited to their family, and collated their observations and requests for the local government.
武雄市北方町の楠本沙緒里さん（３２）は、保育園が好きだった３歳の子どもが、水害後に急に保育園へ行きたがらなくなり、夜にうなされるようになったという。	Kusumoto Saori (32) of Kitagata-machi, Takeo, said that her 3-year-old who had previously liked nursery school suddenly no longer wanted to go after the floods, and had begun to have nightmares.
「大人が家の片付けに忙しく、十分に向き合う時間がなかったからでは」と振り返り 、 「 大人が慌てず、子どもに『大丈夫』と言ってあげられるよう災害に備えたい」と語った。	Looking back on it, she remarked, "I think it could have been because the adults were so busy with cleaning up their homes, that we couldn't spend the proper amount of time with our children," adding, "I'd like to be prepared for a disaster so that I can tell my children that everything is okay, and don't panic as an adult."
白石町の大串由香里さん（３６）は、３歳の子を含む家族４人で避難所の町役場で一夜を過ごした。	Ogushi Yukari (36) of Shiroishi told of how she spent the night at the town hall which was being used as an evacuation shelter with all four member of her family, including her 3-year-old child.
「じっとしていられない年頃の子がいると、周囲に気を使う」と体験を述べた。	She said of the experience, "When you have a child who can't stay still, you worry about the people around you."
４歳から１２歳まで５人の子がいる佐賀市中心部の女性（４５）は家の周囲が水に漬かった。	The area around the house of a woman (45) in central Saga, who has five children aged four to 12, was completely submerged.
「５人を抱えて逃げられない」と、災害時もできる限り自宅で過ごすつもりで食料や簡易トイレを備えている。	Reasoning that, "I can't carry all five to safety," she has prepared food and a portable toilet with the intention of staying home in an emergency if possible.
「備えに正解はない。家族構成や住まいの状況で必要な備えは変わる」と呼び掛けた。	"There's no correct way to prepare. The kind of preparations that are necessary vary depending on one's family structure and living conditions," she appealed.
６歳と８歳の子を持つ白石町の川﨑姿子（しなこ）さん（４０）は「小学校は前日に休校のメールがあったが、保育園は連絡網もメールのシステムもない。一斉メール送信システムがあればいい」と提案。	Kawasaki Shinako (40) from Shiroishi, who has a 6-year-old and an 8-year-old, said, "There was an email from the primary school the day before to say that it would be closed, but the nursery school has neither a network nor an email system. It would be good if they had a system to send out mass emails."
浸水している道をリアルタイムで共有できるシステム構築の要望もあった。	There was also demand for the creation of a system that would share what roads are flooded in real time.
川﨑さんは「以前とは天候が変わっていて 、 『 前回は大丈夫だった』は通じない。小さな工夫や人とのつながりを大事にして災害に備えたい」と話した。	Ms. Kawasaki said, "The weather is now different from how it used to be, so one cannot simply say 'It was fine last time.' I'd like disaster preparations to take into account things like people connections and other schemes.
田中代表は「出された意見は、団体として行政に伝えることも考えていく」と話していた。	Club representative Tanaka expressed their intention to present their opinions as a group to the government.
ボリス ジョンソン氏と女性実業家ジェニファーアーキュリ氏との関係　警察監督機関に照会	Boris Johnson referred to police watchdog over friendship with businesswoman Jennifer Arcuri
警察監督機関（IOPC)は、ロンドン市長在職中の不祥事が刑法違反に当たるとしてジョンソン首相を取り調べるべきかどうかをこれから検討する。	The Independent Office for Police Conduct will now assess whether the Prime Minister should be investigated for the criminal offence of misconduct in public office while he was mayor of London.
大ロンドン行政庁（GLA)は発表で、アーキュリ氏が首相との友好関係から優遇措置を受けていたとされる疑惑に関して、GLAの監督官が首相の「行為に関する事柄」を記録していたと述べた。	The Greater London Authority (GLA) said in a statement that the authority's monitoring officer had recorded a "conduct matter" against the Prime Minister over allegations Ms Arcuri received favourable treatment because of her friendship with him.
「『行為に関する事柄』は、犯罪が行われていた可能性があることを示す情報がある場合に存在する」とGLAは言う。	"A "conduct matter" exists where there is information that indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed," it said.
これは決して証明されたというわけではない。	It does not mean that this is proved in any way.
IOPCは、この件を調査する必要があるかどうかをこれから検討する。	The IOPC will now consider if it is necessary for the matter to be investigated.
この問題はIOPCに付託されたが、IOPCとはイングランドとウェールズの警察に出された告発に対応する機関である。	The issue has been referred to the IOPC, which deals with complaints against police forces in England and Wales.
この問題が警察監督機関に付託されたのは、ジョンソン氏が当時、警視総監に匹敵する役職についていたからだ。	It was referred to the watchdog because Mr Johnson at the time held the post equivalent to a police and crime commissioner.
ジョンソン氏は、アーキュリ氏との交友関係に関連した不正行為を否定している。	Mr Johnson has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his friendship with Ms Arcuri.
これに先立ち、ジョンソン氏は「見当違いだ」と主張しながらも、アーキュリ氏との関係に関する詳細な情報提供を求めるロンドン議会の命令に従うつもりだと述べた。	Earlier he said that he would comply with an order by the London Assembly to provide details of his links with Ms Arcuri, although he insisted they were "barking up the wrong tree."
この発言はサンデータイムズの報道を受けてなされたが、報道では、７年前にロンドンに移住したアメリカ人のアーキュリ氏に、ジョンソン氏がロンドン市長時代に公金から12万6000ポンドが支払われ、ジョンソン氏らとともに国外の貿易関連の派遣団に３度も参加するという優遇措置を受けていたらしい。	It follows a report by The Sunday Times that Ms Arcuri, an American who moved to London seven years ago, was given £126,000 in public money and was treated to privileged access to three foreign trade missions led by Mr Johnson while he was mayor.
政府はそれ以降、調査中のアーキュリ氏の会社、ハッカーハウスへの100,000ポンドの補助金を凍結した。	The Government has since frozen a £100,000 grant to Ms Arcuri's company, Hacker House, pending a review.
その会社は、補助金が支払われる前に行われた調査過程について当惑するような質問をされるだろう。	It is facing embarrassing questions about the verification process carried out before awarding the money.
デジタル省大臣マット ワーマン氏は下院で、デジタル省は「通常の適正評価」を行っており、その会社はイギリスの電話番号を所有していると述べた。	Digital Minister Matt Warman told the Commons that his department had done the "usual due diligence" and that the company had a British phone number.
しかし、多くの報告書によると、その番号にかけた電話はアーキュリ氏（３４）が今拠点を置いているとされるカリフォルニアのオフィスに転送されていた。	However, numerous reports said calls to the number were directed to an office in California, where Ms Arcuri, 34, is said to now be based.
首相と女性実業家との交友関係は「職員の間では公然の秘密」だった。	PM's friendship with businesswoman 'was open secret among staff'
首相を警察監督機関に付託しようとするGLAの動きは、首相官邸の怒りに触れた。	The move by the GLA to refer the Prime Minister to the Independent Office for Police Conduct has met with anger from No 10.
政府高官筋は、これは「政治的動機に基づく攻撃」であり、保守党大会前夜というタイミングは「あまりに党利党略」だったと語る。	A senior Government source said it was "a politically motivated attack" and that the timing - on the eve of the Conservative Party conference - was "overtly political."
「どの容疑に関しても監督機関は証拠を提出しておらず、金曜日の夜遅くに出された報道発表に先立って、首相は監督機関に答弁する機会も与えられなかった。」と情報筋は言う。	"No evidence of any allegations has been provided by the monitoring officer nor was the PM given any opportunity to respond to the monitoring officer prior to the publishing of a press release late on a Friday night," the source said.
国民もマスコミも、あからさまに仕組まれた政治的な狂言をちゃんと見抜くだろう。	The public and media will rightly see through such a nakedly political put-up job.
先ほど、スタンダード新聞は、ロンドンの観光誘致・地域振興課が支援したジョンソン氏とカリフォルニアの実業家との交友関係は職員の間では「公然の秘密」だったと聞いた。	Earlier today, the Standard was told Mr Johnson's close friendship with the Californian entrepreneur helped by London's tourism and promotions agency was an "open secret" among its staff.
ロンドンアンドパートナーズ（L&P)の元職員は、その当時アーキュリ氏の会社を「信用し難い」と考えていた人がいたにもかかわらず、アーキュリ氏が市長時代のジョンソン氏率いる国外での貿易関連の会談に同行する特権を得たいきさつを述べた。	Former officials at the agency, London & Partners (L&P), recalled how Ms Arcuri was given places on foreign trade trips led by Mr Johnson in his time as mayor despite her companies being regarded as "not credible" by some at the time.
一般生活者が財産形成に使える安心のファンド！	Trustworthy fund for the average joe to build up wealth!
さわかみファンド２０周年の今（モーニングスター ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Sawakami Fund's 20th anniversary now (Morning Star) - Yahoo! News
さわかみ投信代表取締役社長の澤上龍氏（写真）にこれからの展望を聞いた。	We asked the Chief Executive Officer of Sawakami Fund, Mr. Sawakami Ryo (Picture) about his vision for the future.
― ― 「さわかみファンド」は、今年８月に設定から２０周年を迎えました。	"Sawakami Fund" has celebrated its 20th anniversary since it's founding this August.
この２０年間を振り返り、現在感じていることは？	Looking back the past 20 years, how do you feel at this moment?
まずもって、２０年という歴史の中には多くの方の思いやご尽力があったということです。	First of all, the 20 years of history was built on many people's emotions and hard work.
「さわかみファンド」だけの力で果たした歴史ではなく、関係するすべての方に深く感謝申し上げたいと思います。	I would like to show my deepest gratitude for all those who have taken part, since this history was not achieved only with “Sawakami Fund”.
もともと 、 「 一般生活者の財産形成をサポートする」という思いで立ちあがったのが「さわかみファンド」です。	Sawakami Fund was initially founded with the desire to “support wealth accumulation of average citizens”
この精神は変わらず、２０年間愚直に追求してきました。	This motto has not changed, and we have pursued this goal honestly for 20 years.
一般の方々がお金の不安から解消されたら、世の中が土台から明るくなるだろうという思いで、全社一丸となって日々の業務に励んでおります。	Our company as a whole strives to do our best daily, with the belief that if people are free from financial stress, the world will inherently get brighter.
長期では、運用は受益者と歩みを一緒にしないと成績も出ません。	In the long run, great results will not be achieved unless management is in lockstep with beneficiaries.
リーマンショックやＩＴバブル崩壊のような相場急落時に「さわかみファンド」には多くのお金が入ってきます。	A great amount of money comes into "Sawakami Fund" during times of market free-fall, such as Lehman Shock and IT bubble burst.
「こういう時だから、世の中で必要とされている企業を応援しよう」という、私たちが常日頃から申し上げているメッセージをご理解いただいているのだと感じています。	I feel that our message, that we always say, which is "in times like these, we want to support companies that are truly needed", is understood well.
その結果が２０年の長寿ファンドとなった理由であり、またメッセージを直接多くの方に届けられる直販体制であり続けたからこそだと考えております。	The result is the reason our fund became a long lasting fund with 20 years behind it, and because we have a direct sales approach that allows us to relay our message to our customers, this was possible.
毎月末のレポートで全ての投資企業、金額やコストなどを開示してきました。	We have been disclosing the list of all the investing companies, amounts, and cost in our monthly report.
一般的には結果を伝えるだけで、今何を買っているのかという情報はブラックボックスになっていますが 、 「 さわかみファンド」は全て開示しました。	Usually, information of what is being bought is a black box and only results are relayed, but "Sawakami Fund" discloses everything.
この取り組みも、皆さまから信頼いただける理由なのでしょう。	This transparency must be another reason people trust us.
マック・ミラー死亡事件、三人目の薬物犯罪逮捕者が鍵	Third man charged with drug counts in Mac Miller's death
ロサンゼルス (AP通信) - 昨年ラッパーのマック・ミラー氏が薬物の過剰摂取で死亡した事件と関連した薬物犯罪で、三人目の男が逮捕起訴された。	LOS ANGELES (AP) - A third man has been arrested and charged with drug offenses in connection with rapper Mac Miller's overdose death last year.
裁判記録によるとスティーブン・ウォルターには、昨年9月ミラー氏が誤ってコカイン、アルコール、フェンタニルを過剰摂取し死亡する前に所持していた、フェンタニルが混入されたオキシコドンの偽造錠剤を売った容疑がかかっているが、フェンタニルはアメリカ国内で数千人もの死者が出るほど蔓延して問題となっている強力なオピオイド系薬物である。	Court documents show Stephen Walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that Miller possessed before he died last September of an accidental overdose of cocaine, alcohol and fentanyl, a powerful opioid contributing to an epidemic that's claimed thousands of lives in the U.S.
ウォルターは、ミラー氏に薬物を売ったもう一人の人物キャメロン・ペティットに薬物を供給したとして罪に問われている。	Walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, Cameron Pettit, sold to Miller.
火曜日に公開された裁判記録によると、ペティットは8月を通してウォルターから薬物を入手していたとのことだ。	Court documents unsealed Tuesday say Pettit kept getting drugs from Walter through August.
アリゾナ州レイクハバスシティで今週初めに逮捕されたライアン・リービスはウォルターの「配達人」役としてペティットに薬物を届けていた罪に問われている。	Ryan Reavis, who was arrested earlier this week in Lake Havasu City, Arizona, is accused of serving as Walter's "runner" who delivered the pills to Pettit.
3人はいずれもミラー氏死亡事件に関しては直接の罪には問われておらず、また個々の事件についての抗弁もまだである。	None of the men have been directly charged with Miller's death or have entered pleas in their cases.
現在拘留中のウォルターは、2005年の薬物事件で保護観察中であったため、その遵守事項違反ですでに懲役5か月が言い渡されている。	Walter, who is on supervised release in a 2005 drug case, is in custody and has already been ordered to serve five months in prison for violating the terms of his release.
木曜日にセレブサイトTMZにより最初に報道された本件を担当する検察官らは、国外逃亡の可能性が非常に高いことを理由に公判開始までウォルターを拘留しておくよう要請している。	Prosecutors handling the case, which was first reported Thursday by celebrity website TMZ, are asking that Walter remain in custody while he awaits trial, calling him a serious flight risk.
弁護士宛ての留守番電話メッセージにはすぐに返事がなかった。	A phone message left with his lawyer wasn't immediately returned.
ペティットは9月4日連邦裁判所に起訴されているが、弁護人はコメントを拒否している。	Pettit was charged in federal court on Sept. 4, and his attorney has declined to comment.
ミラーの歌詞には鬱や薬物使用についての率直な言葉がつづられており、ヒップホップ界でも大御所の一人としてファンを獲得してきた。	Miller's rhymes included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hip-hop.
ピッツバーグ出身のミラー、本名マルコム・ジェームス・マイヤース・マコーミック、は歌手のアリアナ・グランデと2年間交際していたが2018年初頭に破局していた。	The Pittsburgh native whose real name was Malcolm James Myers McCormick was also in a two-year relationship with singer Ariana Grande that ended earlier in 2018.
ミラーの死後グランデは、自身のインスタグラムに愛のこもったミラーの動画を投稿し「サンキュー・ネクスト」という、ミラーについて愛情を込めて綴った曲を発表した。	After his death, she posted an affectionate video of him on her Instagram page and released a song, "Thank U Next," that lovingly mentioned him.
ミラーもまた、近年のオピオイド系薬物乱用が関連して死亡したミュージシャンの一人だ。	Miller is among the musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to opioid abuse.
ロックバンド3ドアーズ・ダウンのギタリストマシュー・ロバーツも、2016年薬物の過剰摂取が原因で死亡しており、体内からはフェンタニルとヒドロコドンが検出されている。	Matthew Roberts, guitarist for the band 3 Doors Down, also died of an overdose in 2016 and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system.
この記事ではウォルターの名前の綴りをStevenではなくStephenと訂正した。	This story has been corrected to show that Walter's first name is spelled Stephen, not Steven.
ナイジェリアの９歳児、モバイルゲーム３０個以上開発	9 year old Nigerian builds more than 30 mobile games
この９歳児は、スクラッチ２という無料プログラミングアプリを使用して、かくれんぼゲームを製作中である。	The 9-year-old is building a hide and seek game, using a free programming application called Scratch 2.
スクラッチ２を使うと、ゲーム、アニメ、ストーリーなどをオン・オフラインの状態で製作できる。	Scratch 2 allows users to create games, animations, and stories online or offline.
これまでにバジルちゃんは、このアプリを使用してモバイルゲーム３０個以上を作ってきた。	So far, Basil has used it to generate more than 30 mobile games.
今日のゲームはコウモリが隠れるようにプログラムされたゲームである。	Today's game involves a bat he has programmed to hide.
プレーヤーは、隠れ場所から出てきたコウモリを捕まえるとポイントを獲得する。	The player gets a point every time he catches the bat when it emerges from its hiding place.
短期集中講座でゲームの作り方を学んだ。	I learned how to build games at a boot camp.
バジルちゃんは、「退屈なときにゲームづくりに時間を費やしている」とCNNに語った。	"Now, I build to keep me busy when I am bored," Basil told CNN.
3月に、父親が5歳から15歳の子供向けの５日間短期集中講座に申し込んだ。	In March, his father signed him up for a five-day boot camp for children aged 5 to 15.
コードフェスト・インターナショナル主催のこの講座は、バジルちゃんのような子供にロボット工学や仮想現実などの新たな技術に触れる機会を与えるために導入された。	The camp, organized by Codefest International, was put in place to give children like Basil access to emerging technologies like robotics and virtual reality.
父親のバジル・オクパラ・シニアさんによると、バジルちゃんは多数のモバイルゲームで遊んで育ったという。	Growing up, Basil used to play a lot of mobile games says his father, Basil Okpara Sr.
「バジルはいつも携帯電話を取ってゲームをしていたので、４歳のときにタブレットを買ってやったんだ。	"I bought him a tablet when he was 4 years old because I saw that he was always grabbing phones to play games with.
キャンディ・クラッシュやテンプル・ランはかなりやったよ。」と父親はCNNに語った。	He played Candy Crush and Temple Run a lot," the father told CNN.
しかし、しょっちゅうゲームばかりしていることを叱られてから、7歳でバジルちゃんのゲーム制作への関心が高まった。	But Basil's interest in creating his games grew at age 7 after he got scolded for spending all of his time playing.
「ある日、いつものようにタブレットをやっていたが、あまりにゲームに夢中になっていたので、ちょっと腹が立ったんだ」と父親は語った。	"There was this day he was on the tablet, as usual, he was so carried away with the game he was playing that I got upset with him," his father said.
苛立って、『いつもゲームばかりしているけど、他の人たちも遊べるように自分でゲームを作ってみたらどうだ？』と言ったんだ。	Out of annoyance, I said to him, 'you are always playing games, can't you think about building your own games so others can play yours too?'.
そう言ったときは怒っていて、バジルが本気にするとは思わなかった」と父親。	I was angry when I said it, and I did not know he took it seriously," he added.
それ以来、自分のゲーム作りの方法を学ぶことに乗り気になったバジルちゃんは、両親に頼んでラップトップを買ってもらい、ゲーム制作の第一歩を学ぶ講座に登録してもらった。	Since then, Basil actively showed interest in learning how to make his own games, prompting his parents to buy him a laptop and register him to learn the first steps of building games.
将来は科学者になりたいというバジルちゃんは、自分のゲームには内容そのままの名前をつけている。	Basil, who wants to be a scientist in the future, titles his games based on what they are about.
ゲームの一つ、「モスキート・マッシュ」はグーグルプレイストアで購入できる。	One of his games, 'Mosquito mash' is available on Google play store.
アフリカの若年人口は世界で最も高く、アフリカの革新となれば、バジルちゃんのような若年層が主導権を握っている。	Africa has the largest youth population in the world, and like Basil, this population is taking the lead when it comes to innovation on the continent.
最近、ナイジェリアの12歳児2人が、プログラムコードを使用して家事を片づけるロボットを作り表彰された。	Two Nigerian 12-year-olds were recently celebrated for using codes to build robots to sort out their house chores.
5月には、2019年ロボフェストコンテストで、箱積みロボットのプログラミングをしたガーナの女子高校チーム、アクロボットが優勝した。	In May, team Acrobot, a Ghanaian all-girls high school team won the 2019 Robofest competition by programming robots to stack boxes.
グーグルやマイクロソフトな巨大テクノロジー企業のアフリカ投資が増加しており、バジルちゃんや同年代の子供たちが将来のプログラミングのスターになろうとしている。	And with Africa experiencing increased investment from tech giants like Google and Microsoft, Basil and his peers are on their way to becoming future coding stars.
元ノースカロライナ共和党委員長、収賄捜査での偽証で罪状是認	Former North Carolina GOP Chair To Plead Guilty For Lying In Bribery Probe
金曜に提出された裁判所文書によると、元ノースカロライナ共和党委員長が、主要政治献金者に関わる汚職捜査を実施した連邦捜査官に対し偽証したと認める見込みである。	A former North Carolina GOP chairman will admit in court that he lied to federal agents conducting a bribery investigation of a major political donor, according to court documents filed Friday.
連邦裁判所の訴訟事件一覧表では、ロビン・ヘイズが来週水曜日に有罪答弁をすることになっている。	The federal court docket shows that Robin Hayes is scheduled to enter a guilty plea next Wednesday.
司法取引の一環として準備され、ヘイズの弁護士が署名した事実に基づく文書によると、ヘイズは2018年の収賄捜査でFBI捜査官に対し、虚偽の陳述をしていることを自覚していたという。	A factual basis document prepared as part of the plea agreement and signed by Hayes' attorney said that Hayes knew he was making false statements to FBI agents conducting the bribery probe in 2018.
実際の司法取引文書は封印され、事実に基づく文書にはどの罪状をヘイズが認めるのか明記されていない。	The actual plea agreement is sealed, and the factual basis doesn't specify which charges he'll plead guilty to.
ヘイズは当初、共謀、収賄、虚偽の陳述の罪で告訴されていた。	He was initially charged with conspiracy, bribery and making false statements.
検察側は、特別待遇の見返りとして州の保険監督長官への選挙献金を注ぎ込もうとした保険会社重役のプランにヘイズ元議員が関与したとして告訴した。	Prosecutors have accused Hayes, a former congressman, of involvement in an insurance executive's plan to funnel campaign contributions to the state's top insurance regulator in exchange for special treatment.
グレッグ・リンドバーグ重役と共同経営者２名が、マイク・コージー州保険長官への贈賄未遂で告訴されている。	The executive, Greg Lindberg, and two of his associates have been charged with attempting to bribe state Insurance Commissioner Mike Causey.
リンドバーグは保険および投資会社の創業者で、2016年以降、500万ドル以上を州および連邦選挙候補者や委員会に寄付し、近年は州のトップ政治献金者となっている。	Lindberg is an insurance and investment firm founder who has been among the state's top political donors in recent years, giving more than $5 million to state and federal candidates and committees since 2016.
リンドバーグは、共和党の理念や政治家を支持したが、民主党にも献金していた。	He favored Republican causes and politicians, but also gave to Democrats.
リンドバーグの弁護士に金曜、Eメールでコメントを求めたが返答はなかった。	His attorney did not respond to an email seeking comment Friday.
金曜日、ヘイズの被告側弁護士カーンズ・デービスにも、Eメールで追加コメントを求めたが返答はなかった。	A defense attorney for Hayes, Kearns Davis, didn't respond to an email Friday seeking further comment.
金曜に提出された裁判所文書には、2018年8月にヘイズがFBI捜査官に虚偽の陳述をしたと記載されているが、このとき、ヘイズは州保険局のスタッフについてコージーと会話したことはなかったと述べた。	The court documents filed Friday state that Hayes lied to FBI agents in August 2018 when he said he had never had conversations with Causey about staff at the state Department of Insurance.
しかし、事実に基づく文書によると、ヘイズは実際に州保険監督官とリンドバーグからの保険局内の人事異動依頼について話をしていた。	But Hayes had in fact spoken to the insurance commissioner about Lindberg's request to make personnel changes within the regulator's agency, according to the factual basis document.
検察側は、ヘイズがコージーとミーティングしたいというリンドバーグの依頼の手助けをし、また、監督官と直接賄賂について話合ったとも述べた。	Prosecutors have said that Hayes also helped Lindberg request a meeting with Causey and that Hayes discussed the bribe directly with the regulator.
4月に公表された起訴状は、リンドバーグが自身の保険業務について特別待遇を求め、最高200万ドルをコージーの2020年の再選を目指した選挙活動につぎこむ予定だったと申し立てている。	An indictment unsealed in April alleges that Lindberg wanted special treatment for his insurance businesses and planned to funnel up to $2 million for Causey's 2020 reelection campaign.
起訴状によると、この陰謀にはリンドバーグの会社を審査していた当局者の配置替え依頼が関与していた。	The scheme involved a request to replace a department official who had been examining a Lindberg company, according to the indictment.
共和党のコージーは、収賄未遂疑惑を連邦捜査官へ報告し、立件の手助けをした。	Causey, a Republican, reported the alleged attempted bribe to federal investigators and helped them build their case.
コージーには何の嫌疑もかけられていない。	He faces no charges.
起訴状には、リンドバーグとコージーも含めた会話の中で、リンドバーグの共同経営者がコージーの再選選挙活動に25万ドルを送金するようヘイズに指示したと記述されている。	The indictment states that an associate of Lindberg's directed Hayes to transfer $250,000 to Causey's reelection campaign during a conversation that also included Lindberg and Causey.
起訴状によれば、ヘイズは、それほど高額の金を動せば注意を引くだろうとして当初反論していたが、会話の中で結局折れたという。	Hayes initially protested, saying that moving so much money would draw attention, but eventually relented during the conversation, according to the indictment.
起訴状では、ヘイズが「あなたたちが望むことは何でもする」と言ったとされる。	"Whatever you all want to do, we'll do," Hayes said, according to the indictment.
「わかった、やりますよ。」	"Alright, I'll get "er done."
連邦検察庁の報道官に、Eメールで司法取引についての詳しい情報を求めたが返答はなかった。	A spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office didn't respond to an email seeking further information about the plea agreement.
フェイスブック、ユーザーの幸福感改善を目指し、いいね！の数の非表示テスト計画中	Facebook to hide number of likes in trial aimed at improving users' wellbeing
ユーザーの幸福感を引き上げる狙いの世界初の試みで、一部のユーザーは、まもなく、他人の投稿に対するいいね！、リアクション、ビデオを見た人の数が見られなくなりそうだ。	Some Facebook users will soon no longer see the number of likes, reactions and video views on other's posts in a world-first trial aimed at boosting users' wellbeing.
7月にオーストラリアでインスタグラムの同様のテストが開始されたことに続くこの変更で、いいね！は個人用となり投稿者しか見られなくなる。	Instead, likes will be private and only visible to the post's author in a change that follows a similar test on Instagram which started in July in Australia.
このフェイスブックの新たな試みは金曜に開始され、オーストラリアでもまもなく始まる予定である。	The new Facebook trial, which begins on Friday, will also kick off in Australia.
フェイスブック・オーストラリアの政策責任者ミア・ガーリックは、この変更は、幸福感調査や、いいね！の数が社会的比較の原因になるとみるメンタルヘルス専門家のフィードバックに基づいていると述べた。	Facebook Australia's director of policy Mia Garlick said the change was based on wellbeing research and feedback from mental health professionals that the number of likes can cause social comparison.
ガーリックは「連携している多くのいじめ対策グループやメンタルヘルス団体からの非常にポジティブなフィードバックがあった」とした。	"We've had really positive feedback from a lot of the anti-bullying groups and mental health organisations that we work with," Garlick said.
ユーザーが、いいね！やリアクションの数ではなく、交流の質や内容の質を重視できるよう、数字を削除するだけのことである。	It really is just taking that number out of the equation, so that people can focus on the quality of their interactions and the quality of the content rather than on the number of likes or reactions.
ユーザーが競争と感じるよりも、もっと安心してこのプラットフォームでシェアできるようになることが期待されるとガーリックは語った。	It's hoped that people will be more comfortable with sharing on the platform rather than feeling like it's a competition, she said.
ガーリックはフェイスブックをあてにしているビジネス業者も、これまでにアクセスしたのと同じメトリックとインサイトを受けると断言した。	Garlick assured businesses who rely on Facebook they will still receive all the same metrics and insights they previously accessed.
オーストラリア、カナダ、ブラジル、ニュージーランド、日本、イタリア、アイルランドなどインスタグラムがテストを実施した国で、同じようにテストを実施すると言うには時期尚早である。	She said it was too early to say if the test would roll out to other countries like Instagram's trial has in Australia, Canada, Brazil, New Zealand, Japan, Italy and Ireland.
フェイスブック傘下のインスタグラムは、このテストがいつ終了するのか、変更されたままになるのか発表していない。	As with Instagram, which is owned by Facebook, there is no indication of when the trial will end or if the change will be made permanent.
「インスタグラムでの体験について当初ポジティブなフィードバックもあったが、今は、フィードバックに耳を傾け、学ぶ段階である」とガーリックは述べた。	"We have had some initial positive feedback from the public about the experience [on Instagram], but we're still just learning and listening to feedback at this stage," she said.
世界の研修国オーストラリアにいるガーリックは、オーストラリアには、非常に積極的な「テクノロジーに精通した」フェイスブックやインスタグラムのユーザーがいると指摘した。	On being the world's training ground Garlick said Australia has very active "tech-savvy" users of Facebook and Instagram.
同氏は、オーストラリアは、これが人々にとって価値のある経験なのか、そうでないのかについて、本当に良いフィードバックが得られる素晴らしい国だと思っているとした。	We think this is a great country where we can get some really good feedback about whether this is a valuable experience for people on our services or not.
ラグビーＷ杯 「ミラクル ！ 」	Rugby World Cup "Miracle!"
「涙が出ました」大金星に大阪でも歓喜（産経新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"I was moved to tears" the surprise upset in Osaka caused joy (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
大阪でも、日本の大金星に歓喜の声が上がった。	Osaka was in cheers at Japan's surprise upset as well.
大阪ミナミの道頓堀にある屋外モニターで観戦していた会社員、山中武雄さん（６１）＝大阪市浪速区＝は「ミラクルが起きた！信じられない」と興奮気味。	Yamanaka Takeo (61), a company employee from Naniwa-ku, Osaka who watched the match on a outdoor monitor in Dotonbori, excitedly said "A miracle happened! I can't believe it!"
「前半負けていたので離されていくものと思っていたが、逆転でびっくり。これからが楽しみ」と仲間と勝利を喜び合った。	"I thought it was over since they lost the first half, but the turn around surprised me. It's going to be interesting from now," he shared his delight with his friends.
道頓堀近くのスポーツバーで観戦していたという会社員、杉島丞（じょう）さん（３７）＝大阪府箕面市＝は社会人ラグビー経験者。	Sugishima Jo (37), a company employee from Mino City, Osaka who watched at a sports bar near Dotonbori, is an experienced rugby player.
「猫が虎に勝つような大金星。勝利の瞬間、感動で涙が出ました」と感無量の様子で「世界トップレベルと対等に戦えるようになってうれしい。絶対に優勝してくれるはず」と力を込めた。	"It was like a cat beating a tiger. When they won, I was moved to tears," he said full of emotion, "I am so happy they are able to compete at the world's level. I'm sure they will win," he said with conviction.
Ｗ杯観戦のため妻と来日中のニュージーランド人、トニー・リンさん（５０）は、大阪市内のパブで日本のユニホームを着て観戦。	New Zealander Tony Lin (50), visiting Japan with his wife for the world cup match, watched wearing a Japanese jersey at a pub in Osaka.
「大変な試合だったけど、日本は試合運びが非常に良かった。	"It was tough game, but I'm Japan played a really well.
８年前と比べてとてもレベルを上げたので、勝利はそれほどサプライズではないね」と話していた。	"The victory isn't that much of a surprise since they have improved compared to 8 years ago," he said.
壊れたバッグ金具をオトクにセルフ修理♪【キャンドゥ 】 「 ホルダーパーツ（リングタイプ ） 」 （レタスクラブニュース ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Budget DIY repairs of bags with broken metal fitting [CanDo] "Holder Parts (Ring Type)" (Lettuce Club News) - Yahoo! News
ある日、私の母の一番お気に入りのバッグの金具が取れて、どこかへ転がりなくなってしまいました。	One day, the metal fitting on my mother's favorite bag came off and was lost.
お気に入りのバッグの金具が壊れたら、どうにか修理して愛用し続けたいのが人情。	If a favorite bag breaks, it's natural to want to repair it and keep using it.
そんなときに助けてくれたのが、キャンドゥの手芸用パーツでした。	What helped me at that time was a handicraft component from Cando.
「もう売ってないかも ... 」 とあきらめかけたそのとき	Just when I was about to give up thinking "they may not have it anymore..."
母の壊れたバッグ、じつは究極のプチプラ品。	My mother's broken bag is actually an ultimate bargain item.
そのため、修理をお店にお願いすると本体価格を大幅に上回る事態になってしまいました。	So, if you asked a store to repair it, the cost would exceed the worth of the bag.
母は残念そうに「捨てどきかな ... 」 と言いましたが、私はあきらめたくありませんでした。	My mother sadly said "maybe it's time to give it up..." but I didn't want to give up.
まずホームセンターをめぐり、この連結金具に替わるものを探しました。	First I checked home centers to look for an alternative connective piece.
ただし、リング状の金具はあるにはあっても、すべてシルバーカラーばかり。	However, even though there were metal rings, they were all silver colored.
ゴールドはまったく見当たりませんでした。	I couldn't find gold anywhere.
ダメ元でキャンドゥへ行ってみたところ、ついに発見です！	I checked CanDo as a last resort, and that's when I found it!
手芸コーナーで発見したときは感動しました。	I was impressed when I found it in the handicrafts corner.
さすが100均、なんでも揃います。	As to be expected of a 100 yen shop, you can find anything.
本来はキーホルダーやチャームDIY用に使うパーツのようです。	It seems like it was originally meant to be a component for DIY key chains and charms.
バッグハンドルの両端に1つずつ使う予定で、計2個購入しました。	We planned to use one on either hand of the bag handle, so we bought 2.
リングのサイズは小さいものの、残された片側のバッグ金具と並べてみると、まったく同じ作り ... ！	Although the ring is smaller, when you look at it next to the remaining connector, it's exactly the same...!
これでバッグ修理への道が開けました。	This opens the way for repairing the bag.
さっそく取り付けです。	I installed it immediately.
ドキドキ ... ！	So excited...!
リング開口部は内側へ折れる仕様となっていて、外側への引っ張りに強いです。	The ring is designed to push inward at its opening so it's resistant to being pulled outward.
さっそくバッグに取り付けてみました。	I immediately attached it to the bag.
金具の色がゴールド系にそろっていい感じ♪ ですが、リングサイズが小さいため、動きが悪く窮屈 ... 。	The gold color of the fittings matches well! but, because the ring is small, it's tight and doesn't move well...
そこで、思い切ってリングを二連式にしてみました。	So, I decided to connect 2 rings.
金具は増えましたが軽量パーツのため、重さにはまったく問題なし。	The number of parts has increased, but since they are light there's no problem with the weight.
むしろキラキラしたパーツが増えて、デザイン的にレベルアップした気がします。	Rather, the sparkling parts have increased, and I feel like the design has leveled up.
国鉄の急行「阿蘇」が臨時列車に 広島―熊本、１０時間の旅｜静岡新聞アットエス	National Railroad Express Train Aso becomes temporary train 10 hour trip between Hiroshima and Kumamoto| Shizuoka Newspaper @S
ＪＲ広島駅で出発を待つ、国鉄時代の急行「阿蘇」をイメージした臨時列車＝２８日	The special train waiting to depart JR Hiroshima Station on the 28th, its livery designed to evoke Express Train Aso during its National Railroad period
国鉄時代の急行「阿蘇」をイメージした臨時列車の旅を楽しむ人たち＝２８日	Travellers enjoying a ride on the special express train on the 28th, its design inspired by Express Train Aso during its National Railroad period
国鉄時代の急行「阿蘇」をイメージした臨時列車が２８日、広島―熊本間で運行された。	On the 28th, a special express train whose design was inspired by Express Train Aso during its National Railroad period operated between Hiroshima and Kumamoto.
鉄道ファンら約２４０人が同日朝、広島駅から往年の青い１２系客車に乗り込み、熊本駅まで約１０時間の旅に出発した。	A crowd of around 240 railway fans descended on Hiroshima Station in the morning to board the classic blue 12-series carriages, before setting off on a 10-hour journey to Kumamoto.
阿蘇は１９５０～８０年、熊本と東京などを結んだ夜行列車。	The Aso Express is a former night train that operated from 1950 to 1980, connecting Tokyo and Kumamoto.
運行は１往復限定（２日間）で、ＪＲ各社などによる観光企画「熊本デスティネーションキャンペーン」の一環として、日本旅行がツアーを主催した。	This time, it operated just one round trip (taking two days), organised as a tour by the Nippon Travel Agency as part of the Destination Kumamoto Campaign planned by Japan Railways.
列車は客車と機関車合わせて７両編成で、山陽線、筑豊線、鹿児島線を走行。	The train consists of seven cars, the locomotive and six coaches, and ran on the Sanyo, Chikuho and Kagoshima lines.
阿蘇山が描かれた特別なヘッドマークを掲げた。	It featured a special name plate depicting Mount Aso.
パキスタンのSNSスター、カンディール・バローチさんの名誉殺人で兄が終身拘置	Brother Jailed For Life For Pakistan Social Media Star Qandeel Baloch's Honour Killing
ソーシャルメディアに投稿した写真で名声を得たカンディール・バローチさんが2016年7月に絞殺された。	Qandeel Baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in July 2016.
パキスタンのソーシャルメディアの人気者、カンディール・バローチさんの兄は、金曜日、妹殺害で有罪確定となり、家父長国家パキスタンで最も注目を集めた「名誉殺人」で無期懲役の判決を受けた。	The brother of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch was on Friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highest-profile "honour killing."
際どい自撮り写真−欧米の基準では大したことはない程度だが、女性蔑視の非常に強いパキスタンでは挑発的とされた−で有名なバローチさんは、2016年7月に絞殺された。	Baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies -- tame by Western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic Pakistan -- was strangled in July 2016.
兄のムハマンド・ワシームが逮捕された。	Her brother Muhammad Waseem was arrested.
兄は数日後の記者会見で「もちろん」妹を殺害した、妹の行為は「許せなかった」とし、自分のやったことは後悔していない、と語った。	Days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that "of course" he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been "intolerable."
同氏の弁護士であるサルダール・メームード氏は、東部都市ムルタンの法廷が、待ちに待った判決でワシーム被告を有罪とし終身刑を下したとAFPに語った。	His lawyer, Sardar Mehmood, told AFP the court in the eastern city of Multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a long-awaited verdict.
「インシャラー（神の思し召しで）、最高裁判所では無罪となるでしょう」と同弁護士は述べた。	"Inshallah (God willing), he will be acquitted by a high court," he said.
これに先立ち、バローチさんの母親アンワル・マイさんは息子が無罪になるよう望んでいたとAFPに語った。	Earlier, Baloch's mother Anwar Mai told AFP she had hoped her son would be acquitted.
「息子に罪はありません。	"He is innocent.
私の娘と私の息子です」と母親。	She was my daughter and he is my son," she said.
バローチさん殺害は世界中で大ニュースとなり、父権的社会の掟を軽視したとして、被害者、たいていは女性が殺される、いわゆる『名誉殺人』の蔓延に対し行動を求める声が再燃している。	Baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of so-called "honour killings," in which a victim -- usually a woman -- is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes.
女性は、自分で結婚相手を選ぶ、ーバローチさんのケースでは、自分のセクシャリティを称賛して家族を恥にさらしたーなどの犯罪で火炙り、銃殺、刺殺または絞殺されてきた。	Women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or -- in Baloch's case -- bringing "shame" on their family by celebrating their sexuality.
殺害はたいてい近親者によって実行される。	The killings are usually carried out by a close relative.
その後、パキスタンのキサース（殺人報酬）およびディーヤ（報復）法により、加害者は被害者の親族から赦し請うことができる。	Under Pakistan's Qisas (blood money) and Diyat (retribution) law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives.
バローチさん殺害から３ヶ月後、議会は名誉殺人に対して終身刑を義務付ける新法案を通過させた。	Three months after Baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings.
しかし、殺人が名誉犯罪にあたるのかは裁判官の裁量に委ねられており、殺人犯は理論上別の動機を主張でき、赦免される可能性もなおある。	However, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned.
バローチさんのケースでは、当初両親が息子に赦免を与えないように主張していた。	In Baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution.
しかし、息子まで失うと考えて悲しんだ両親は考えを変え、息子を赦してほしいと語った。	But, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven.
殺害に対する国際的な嫌悪を受けて、パキスタン政府は両親とともに国も後継者であると宣言するという前例のない手段をとったが、訴訟は続行させた。	International revulsion at the killing had seen the Pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead.
バローチさんの有名な行動には、パキスタンクリケットチームにストリップショーを披露することを申し出たことや、バレンタインデーに胸元が広く開いた真っ赤なドレスを着用したことなどがある。	Some of Baloch's better-known actions included offering to perform a striptease for the Pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on Valentine's Day.
批判と脅迫の的となったが、キム・カーダシアンのような存在として自分を表現することが大胆で女性の地位を向上させる政治的活動とみなされる国で新天地を切り開いたと、若者を含む多くの人から認識された。	She attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a Kim Kardashian-like figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment.
「名誉」殺人のルーツは民族的な社会規範で、現在も南アジア中に広く残っており、特に女性の行動に影響するものであるが、男性が被害者になることもある。	The roots of "honour" killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across South Asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too.
防寒シート、被災地に 本県沖地震・本社、1600枚と収納箱寄贈へ｜山形新聞	Sending 1600 cold protection sheets to disaster area Prefecture off-shore earthquake, Headquarters to donate 1600 sheets and container｜Yamagata Newspaper
鶴岡市鼠ヶ関地区の１次避難場所「旧念珠関中グラウンド」に設置した「防寒シートボックス」	"Box of cold protection sheets" located in Tsuruoka city, Nezugaseki district's primary evacuation site, "former Nezugaseki junior high school grounds"
山形新聞社は、本県沖を震源とする6月の地震で被災した鶴岡市温海地域内四つの自治会に対し、アルミ製の避難者用防寒・遮熱シート1600枚と、これを保管する屋外用収納ボックス5基（計約100万円相当）を寄贈する。	Yamagata Newspaper is donating 1600 aluminum cold and heat resistant evacuee sheets and 5 containers to store them (totaling 1 million yen worth) to 4 neighborhood associations in Atsumi district, Tsuruoka city that have been affected by the earthquake in June that had the epicenter off the coast of this prefecture.
津波に備えて沿岸各地区に設けられている「1次避難場所」などに配置してもらう。	They will be placed in primary evacuation sites that have been established in preparation for a tsunami, in each coastal districts.
来月2日、鼠ケ関地区の1次避難場所「旧念珠関中グラウンド」で贈呈式を行う。	On the 2nd of next month, the presentation ceremony will be conducted at the "former Nezugaseki junior high school grounds", the primary evacuation site in Nezugaseki district.
連携協定を締結している鶴岡市で発生した地震被害を受け、震源地に最も近い温海地域の自治会に防寒シートなどを贈る。	Because of the earthquake damage that occurred in Tsuruoka City, which has a cooperative agreement, cold protection sheets and other items will be sent to the neighborhood association in the Atsumi district, which is closest to the epicenter.
寄贈先は▽温海（400枚）▽小岩川（500枚、収納ボックス2基）▽早田（300枚、収納ボックス1基）▽鼠ケ関（400枚、収納ボックス2基 ） ― の各自治会。	Donation destinations include neighborhood associations in; Atsumi (400 sheets), Koiwakawa (500 sheets and 2 containers), Hayada (300 sheets and 1 container) and Nezugaseki (400 sheets and 2 containers).
本県沖地震が発生した際、日本海沿岸部の住民の多くが津波を警戒して避難した。	When the earthquake occurred in the prefecture's offshore, many residents along the coast of Japan sea evacuated wary of the tsunami.
鶴岡市内でも各集落の高台などに設けられている1次避難場所に逃げた。	In the city of Tsuruoka, evacuation took place to primary evacuation sites located on higher grounds above each settlement.
大規模な津波は発生せず、ほとんどの避難者は宿泊可能な施設・設備が整った2次避難場所に移動せず帰宅したものの、1次避難場所の多くが屋外のため、寒さを訴える声が聞かれた。	No large-scale tsunami occurred, and most evacuees returned home without moving to a fully equipped secondary evacuation shelter, but many of the primary evacuation sites were outdoor and people complained about the cold weather.
同様の災害への備えとして、厳寒期や風雨を想定した対策が課題の一つとなった。	In preparing for a similar disaster, one of the tasks was making a counterplan in case of cold weather, wind or rain.
避難時に全身を覆って寒さや風雨をしのぐことができるシート。	The sheet can be used to cover the whole body to protect from cold, wind and rain.
炎天下での遮熱機能も備えている	It also has a heat shielding function that can be used under the hot sun.
シートは約1.3メートル×2.1メートルで、折り畳むと9センチ×12センチのポケットサイズになる。	The sheet is approximately 1.3 meters × 2.1 meters, and it folds into a small size of 9 cm × 12 cm.
4層構造で金色と銀色の表と裏を使い分けて体を覆うことで、寒冷時の防寒と炎天下での遮熱機能を発揮する。	It is a 4-layer structure and depending on the situation you may use the gold side on the front or silver side on the back, utilizing the cold protection ability when cold and heat shielding ability under the sun.
屋外に設けられている1次避難場所にはシートを収納する金属製ボックスを設置する。	For the outdoor primary evacuation sites, there will be metal containers set up to store the sheets.
【バドミントン・韓国OP】桃田、奥原、タカマツら、日本勢は5種目でベスト8進出！	[Badminton, Korean OP] Momota, Okuhara, Takamatsu Japanese team advances to the top 8 in 5 events!
9月26日、バドミントンのBWFワールドツアー、韓国オープン（韓国・仁川）は大会3日目。	September 26th is the third day of the badminton BWF world tour Korean open (South Korea, Incheon).
各種目2回戦が行われ、日本勢は全5種目でベスト8進出を果たした。	Second rounds of each event were held and the Japanese team advanced to the top 8 in all 5 events.
男子シングルスで世界選手権2連覇中の桃田賢斗（NTT東日本・世界ランク1位）は、地元、韓国の選手にストレート勝利。	At Men's singles, Momota Kento (NTT East Japan /ranked 1st in world), who has won the world championship twice consecutively, had a straight victory against the local player from Korea.
前週の中国オープンからの2週連続優勝に一歩近づいた。	He is now one step closer to winning his second consecutive victory since the previous week's China open.
女子は、世界選手権準優勝の奥原希望（太陽ホールディングス・同3位 ） 、 中国オープンベスト4の高橋沙也加（日本ユニシス・同16位）が、準々決勝進出を決めた。	For women, world championship runner up, Okuhara Kibo (Taiyo Holdings /ranked 3rd in world) and China open best 4, Takahashi Sayaka (Nihon Unisys /16th place in world) advanced to the quarter-finals.
5ペアが勝ち残っていた女子ダブルスは、中国オープン準優勝の高橋礼華／松友美佐紀（日本ユニシス・世界ランク3位）と、B代表の2ペア、志田千陽／松山奈未（再春館製薬所・同15位 ） 、 櫻本絢子／高畑祐紀子（ヨネックス・同23位）がベスト8入り。	Of the five pairs that were left in the women's doubles, China open runner up, Takahashi Reika /Matsutomo Misaki (Nihon Unisys /3rd place in world), as well as 2 pairs from B representatives, Shida Chiharu /Matsuyama Nami (Saishunkan Co.,Ltd /15th place) and Sakuramoto Ayako /Takahata Yukiko (Yonex /23rd place) have advanced to best 8.
男子ダブルスは、園田啓悟／嘉村健士（トナミ運輸・同4位）が、混合ダブルスは、渡辺勇大／東野有紗（日本ユニシス・同4位 ） 、 金子祐樹／松友美佐紀（日本ユニシス・同23位）が、準々決勝進出を決めている。	For men's doubles, Sonoda Keigo / Kamura Takeshi (Tonami Transportation /4th place), for mixed doubles, Watanabe Yudai /Higashino Arisa (Nihon Unisys /4th place) and Kaneko Yuki /Matsutomo Misaki (Nihon Unisys /23rd place) have advanced to the quarter-finals.
「きらぼし★アート展」開幕 岡山 障害ある人の芸術作品ずらり：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Opening of the "Twinkling Star Art Exhibition", presenting the artworks of Okayama residents with disabilities: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digi
表町商店街の店舗前に並ぶ「きらぼし★アート展」の絵画作品	Paintings from the Twinkling Star Exhibition line the street in front of the shops in Omote-cho Shopping Arcade
岡山県内の障害者の芸術作品を紹介する「第３回きらぼし★アート展 」 （ 岡山障害者文化芸術協会、山陽新聞社会事業団、同展実行委主催）が２７日、岡山市の表町商店街一帯で開幕した。	The Third Twinkling Star Exhibition (organised by the Okayama Cultural Arts Association for People with Disabilities, Sanyo Newspaper Social Welfare Group and the exhibition's executive committee), which showcases the artworks of disabled people living in Okayama Prefecture, began on the 27th, taking place through the whole of the Omote-cho Shopping Arcade.
既成概念にとらわれない自由な発想や表現で制作された作品が集まり、買い物客らを魅了している。	The collection of works, created through free expression and ideas not bound by pre-established concepts, have been captivating shoppers.
岡山会場は１０月３日まで、５～１４日には玉野会場（玉野市・産業振興ビル）で開かれる。	The exhibition will be held at its Okayama venue until October 3rd, after which it will be held at a venue in Tamano from the 5th to the 14th (Industry Promotion Building, Tamano).
県内全域から作品を募り、１次審査を通過した絵画５０点、造形１７点、写真１５点を展示。	Works were solicited from all over the prefecture, and of those that passed the preliminary screening, 50 paintings, 17 sculptures and 15 photographs are now on exhibit.
絵画は各店舗前、造形は天満屋地下タウンアートスペース、写真はアサノカメラに並ぶ。	The paintings are on display in front of the shops in Omote-cho Shopping Arcade, the sculptures can be found in the Tenmanya basement Town Art Space and the photos are at Asano Camera.
各作品の一部はバナー（垂れ幕）に印刷し、商店街のアーケード上部からつるして上空展示している。	A part of each work has also been printed on a banner, and hung from the top of the shopping arcade, to be displayed prominently high up.
絵画は大胆で色彩豊かに描かれたり、繊細な筆致で表現されたりと印象的な作品がずらり。	There are many impressive paintings, from the bold and colourful to works created with delicate brushstrokes.
ダンボールや粘土、傘など身近な材料を使った造形も個性的で、紅葉やヒマワリといった四季を彩る写真も目を引く。	Familiar materials such as cardboard, clay and umbrellas have been used to create unique sculptures, and the photos are also eye-catching, capturing the four seasons with subjects like the autumn leaves and sunflowers.
実行委員の五代儀（いよぎ）幸司・県知的障害者福祉協会会長は「街に作品が溶け込むスタイルで、自然とアートに触れられる。多くの市民の方に楽しんでもらいたい」と話している。	Committee member Iyogi Koji, chairman of the Prefectural Welfare Association for the Intellectually Handicapped, says, "We've arranged the artworks so that they blend into the city and people can experience them spontaneously. I want lots of citizens to enjoy it."
同展は、美術の専門教育を受けていない人たちの作品を「アール・ブリュット（生（き）の芸術 ） 」 と評価する機運の高まりを受け、２０１７年から実施。	The exhibition started in 2017, in response to the growing momentum of appreciating the works of people without formal art training as "Art Brut".
今回は、２７日開幕の「岡山芸術交流２０１９ 」 、 ２８日から秋会期が始まる「瀬戸内国際芸術祭」の後援プログラムとして同時期に開催する。	This time, it is running as a support program alongside the 2019 Okayama Art Summit, which opens on the 27th, and the Setouchi Triennale, whose fall program starts on the 28th.
２８、２９日には、作品のガイド付き鑑賞ツアーや一般参加も可能なライブペイント、２９日にはイノシシ革の端切れでイヤリングなどの小物作りが体験できるワークショップがある。	On the 28th and 29th, there will be a guided tour of the artworks and a live painting session that any can participate in, and on the 29th, there will be accessory crafting workshop where there will be the opportunity to make boar leather earrings.
パートナーシップを締結した（左から）ＡＳＡ奄美スポーツアカデミー	ASA Amami Sports Academy (from left) enters into a partnership
【沖永良部総局】ＮＰＯ法人ＡＳＡ奄美スポーツアカデミー（園田明理事長、奄美市）と同沖永良部スポーツクラブＥＬＯＶＥ（前田純也理事長、知名町）は２５日、離島スポーツ振興支援事業パートナーシップを締結した。	[Okinoerabu General Affairs Bureau] The NPO ASA Amami Sports Academy (Amami, chairman: Sonoda Akira ) and Okinoerabu Sports Club ELOVE (China-cho, chairman: Maeda Junya) entered into a partnership to promote and encourage sports on the outlying islands on the 25th.
各種競技のトレーニング指導など、両団体が実施する事業で積極的に連携するほか、離島の子どもたちが島外に遠征する際などの体調管理やけがの予防面でも相互のサポート体制を整える。	As well as proactively linking the projects run by both organisations, such as coaching for various sports, they will also establish a mutual support system to prevent against injuries and manage the physical condition of children from the outlying islands when they go on trips away from the islands.
両団体がスポーツに関連する講習などを行う際に専属トレーナーや講師を仲介・派遣したり、情報共有したりする。	When the two organisations run sports-related courses, they will work as agents to dispatch their associated trainers and instructors, and share information with each other.
離島のチームが島外での大会に遠征する際、旅費負担の面でトレーナーが帯同しづらいなどの課題解消にも取り組む。	They will also work on solutions for the problems encountered when a team from one of the outlying islands travels to a tournament away from the islands, such as the issue of bringing the trainer along being cost prohibitive due to travel expenses.
具体的には、県大会など本土での大会の際に、ＡＳＡと提携する「一般社団法人鹿児島県スポーツ振興センター」と連携し、船旅や連泊での疲れによる選手たちのパフォーマンス低下を防ぐためのサポートを行う。	For instance, in the event of a tournament on the mainland, such as a prefectural tournament, ASA will coordinate with the Kagoshima Sports Promotion Centre to offer players support to prevent their performance deteriorating from the fatigue caused by travelling by ferry and staying consecutive nights in accommodation.
また奄美大島、沖永良部島での大会の際も、地元の整骨院や病院関係者と連携し、島外から来た選手たちをサポートするという。	Similarly, when tournaments occur on Amami-Oshima and Okinoerabu-shima, the organisations will coordinate with local osteopaths and hospitals to provide support to players visiting from the mainland.
２５日に知名町のエラブココで締結式があり、園田、前田両理事長が握手を交わした。	A signing ceremony was held at Erabucoco, China-cho, on the 25th, with Sonoda and Maeda shaking hands.
その後、両団体共催で、アスレチックトレーナーの日高雄一郎さんによるテーピング講習会を開催。	Afterwards, the two organisations co-hosted a class on taping given by the athletic trainer, Hidaka Yuichiro.
地元のスポーツ少年団や部活動の指導者、保護者がテーピングの適切な使い方と、けが予防の取り組みを学んだ。	Local junior sports club members, club leaders and parents learned how to tape effectively, as well as how to prevent injuries.
園田理事長（５２）は「スポーツ環境の面で離島のハンディをなくそうという活動の趣旨は互いに共通しており、協力できる部分も多い。今回の締結を機に奄美の他の島とも連携の輪を広げていけたら」と語った。	Chairman Sonoda (52) commented, "We have a common goal of working to eliminate the handicap of the outlying islands as an environment for sports, and there are many areas where we can cooperate. I hope that entering into this partnership will allow us to expand our sphere of cooperation to the other islands of Amami."
前田理事長（４３）は「ＡＳＡのような実績のある団体とパートナーシップを結んだのは大変心強い。離島の子どもたちのスポーツ環境整備のため、いいところを吸収していければ」と話した。	Chairman Maeda (43) said of the partnership, "It was very encouraging for us to be able to form a partnership with an organisation that has such a strong track record like ASA. I'd like to absorb as much as possible to help better the sports environment for children on the outlying islands."
茂木健一郎「今は"従来の常識が壊れていく"時代。	Mogi Kenichiro "This is the era of "collapse of conventional common sense"
自分らしさを更新できる男がモテるんです 」 （ LEON.JP ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Men who are able to renew their natural self are the popular ones" (Leon. JP) - Yahoo! News
実は脳科学者として「モテ」について人一倍考えてきたという茂木健一郎さん。	As a neuroscientist, Mogi Kenichiro has been thinking about "attraction" much more than others.
膨大な知識と最新の知見を自在に使いこなした驚きの「脳科学的モテ論 」 。	Eye-opening "Neuroscience based attraction theory" freely applying his extensive knowledge and latest studies.
その後編をお送りします。	We are presenting the second half.
前編（関連記事参照）では、モテないオトコは、従来型の「男のファンタジー」に固執し、モテるためのパターン学習が圧倒的に足りない！と喝破した茂木さん。	In the first half (see related article), Mogi argued that unattractive men hang onto the typical notion of "men fantasy", and overwhelmingly lack pattern learning to become more attractive.
後編ではそんなダメ男から脱してカッコいい、モテる男になるための方法について語っていただきました。	In the second half, he explains how to shed one's loser skin and become attractive.
「すべき」にとらわれると生きづらくなる	"Must" mindset makes it hard to thrive
前編では「カッコ良さ」って常に進化していくから、いろんな作品や、人の振舞いを見て、日々パターン学習していく必要があるという話をしました。	In the first half, he emphasized the need to learn patterns on a daily basis by observing a variety of arts and people since "attractiveness" is constantly evolving.
パターン学習すると、こういう時はこうしたほうがいいかなって脳が行動を体系化してくれるのでラクに生きられるようになるんじゃないかと。	Pattern learning allows one's brain to systemize behaviors in different situations, probably leading to a carefree life.
僕自身は「モテる」かどうかは別として、今でも毎日進化してると思うなあ。	I still see myself evolving daily whether I am attractive or not.
だから生きるのがラクなんですよ。	That's why I can skate through life.
東工大や東京藝大で教えていたこともあったから、若い人たちとたくさん話をするし、彼らとのやりとりのパターンもたくさん学習している。	Since I used to give lectures at Tokyo Institute of Technology and Tokyo University of the Arts, I have had many opportunities to interact with younger people, and I have also learned many of their different communication patterns.
でも、もしそこで、大学教授っていう立場にとらわれて 、 「 大学の先生っていうのはもっと威厳があるもんだ」なんていう古いパターンにこだわっていると、ちょっと辛いかもしれないよね。	However, if I had cared about my title as a university professor and had the notion of "a university professor should act more dignified" I might have had a bit of a tough time.
僕はそういうことにはこだわらないから、毎日楽しい。	Since I do not care about stuff like that, I enjoy my day-to-day life.
やっぱり 、 「 こうするべき」とか「こうあるべき」とか言い出すと生きづらくなっちゃうよね。	When you start caring about how "one should do this" or "one should be this", sure enough, you will have a harder time enjoying life.
だって自分は変わらなくても人も社会も変わっていくから。	Because people and the society are going to change even if you stay the same.
最近の僕の対談本『生きる──どんなにひどい世界でも』の中でも随分そういう話をしたんだけどね。	In my latest interview book "Ikiru-Donnani hidoi sekaidemo", I also talked a great deal about the same topic.
「重々しさ」や「権威」って、周りがその人のことを認めて自然に出てくるものなんですよ。	"Dignity" and "authority" naturally arise only when recognized by others.
本人は軽やかじゃないとダメ。	You have to be light-hearted.
自分から周りに求めちゃうと苦しい。	If you ask for it, you will get frustrated.
たけしさんなんて、カンヌ映画祭でコマネチやってたじゃないですか。	Take Takeshi for example, he did the Comaneci move at Cannes Film Festival.
本人は軽いのに、周りは「素晴らしい映画監督」として扱うでしょう。	Although he was being goofy, he was still treated as a "great filmmaker."
実績がある人は、偉そうに振る舞う必要はまったくないわけです。	If you have many achievements, there is no need to act arrogant at all.
つまり 、 「 らしさ」にとらわれていると軽やかにはなれない。	In other words, "should be" gets in the way of becoming light-hearted.
いろんな女性に僕が聞いた限りにおいては、立場や年齢関係なく、どんな男性でも「かわいい」っていうのが免罪符、救いになるみたいですよ。	From my many conversations with women, it seems that "endearment" is the get-out-of-jail-free card and hope for any man, and they do not care about your status or age.
この「かわいい」っていうのがなんなのかが難しいんですけどね。	This "being endearing" is actually quite difficult to achieve.
「かわいいオヤジ」ってなんなんでしょうね (笑) 。	What in the world is an "endearing middle-aged man" (laughs).
不法状態のナイジェリア北西部、難民数4万人に倍増:国連難民高等弁務官事務所 (UNHCR)	Lawlessness double displaced from NW Nigeria to 40,000: UNHCR
金曜日の国連の発表によると、この4か月間で暴力行為の激化によりナイジェリア北西部からの難民数が約4万人に倍増している。	Worsening violence has doubled the number of people displaced from northwest Nigeria to some 40,000 over the past four months, the United Nations said on Friday.
国連難民機関によると、この混乱により「新たな人道的危機」が生まれており、各機関が協力して今年末までに新たに3550万ドルの資金調達活動が必要となる。	The UN's refugee agency said the turmoil had created a "new humanitarian emergency" that would require a fresh inter-agency fundraising effort of $35.5 million by the end of the year.
UNHCRのババール・バロク報道官は、10年にわたってナイジェリア北部で反政府活動を続けてきたイスラム過激派組織ボコハラムは直近の複数の武力攻撃とは無関係だと述べた。	UNHCR spokesman Babar Baloch said Boko Haram, the Islamist group that has waged a decade-long insurgency in the north of the country, was not responsible for the latest attacks.
むしろ、過去10か月間にナイジェリアのソコト州、ザムファラ州、カツィナ州で激増した暴力行為は組織化された武装集団によるものだった。	Rather, the upsurge of violence in the past 10 months in Sokoto, Zamfara and Katsina states in Nigeria was the work of organized armed groups.
「不法状態と不安定な状況の恐ろしさをよく表しています」とバロク報道官は金曜日、報道関係者に語った。	"It paints a horrible picture of lawlessness and insecurity," he told journalists on Friday.
誘拐、拷問、強奪、殺人や性暴力は頻繁に起こっており、また襲撃者たちは住居を破壊し窃盗も働いているとその報道官は語った。	He said there were frequent reports of kidnapping, torture, extortion, murder and sexual violence by attackers who also destroy homes and steal property.
軍や警察もその地域の犯罪組織に立ち向かうために送り込まれている。	Military and police have been deployed to tackle criminal gangs in the region.
しかし軍はボコハラムや、2016年に旧組織から分裂したイスラム国西アフリカ支部との戦闘で疲弊している。	But the military is stretched from fights against Boko Haram and Islamic State's West Africa branch, which split from the former group in 2016.
「難民はグループ名を名乗りながらやってくるわけではないのです」とバロク氏は語る。	"The refugees are not coming with names of groups," he said.
彼らが携えてくるものは、恐ろしい体験談なのです。	What they are coming with are horrific accounts.
難民の大部分は隣国ニジェールへ渡っている。	Those fleeing are mostly crossing into neighboring Niger.
UNHCRは声明で、特にソコト州で治安状況が悪化しており、ニジェールへ渡る難民が今後数か月で増加する見通しと発表した。	In a statement, the UNHCR said it expected more to flee to Niger in the coming months as the security situation, particularly in Sokoto state, deteriorates.
女性と子供２名を殺害した男性の新公判期日が確定	New trial date set for man accused of killing woman, 2 kids
アイオワ州の女性とその子供二人を殺害したとされるグアテマラ人男性の公判期日が確定した。	A new trial date has been scheduled for a Guatemala man accused of killing an Iowa woman and her two children.
ポーク郡裁判所の記録によると、マービン・エスコバル・オレリャナ（31）は、当局が認めている当初警察に名乗っていたマービン・エスキベル・ロペスという偽名で行った３つの事件で第一級殺人の罪で起訴された。	Polk County District Court records say 31-year-old Marvin Escobar-Orellana is charged with three counts of first-degree murder under what authorities say was a false name he initially gave to police: Marvin Esquivel-Lopez.
彼は無罪を主張している。	He's pleaded not guilty.
警察によると、7月16日に、デモインの住宅で、彼はロッシベス・フローレス・ロドリゲスさん（29）、彼女の娘（11）と息子（５）を射殺した。	Police say he fatally shot 29-year-old Rossibeth Flores-Rodriguez, her 11-year-old daughter and 5-year-old son on July 16 in a Des Moines home.
裁判所の記録では、公判期日を新たに１月２７日に決定することで、原告・被告の両弁護士にさらに準備する時間が与えられることになる。	Court records show the new trial date of Jan. 27 will give attorneys for both sides more time to prepare.
米移民関税捜査局当局者によると、エスコバル・オレリャナは米国に不法滞在しており、この銃撃の前に二度強制送還されていた。	U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials have said Escobar-Orellana is in the United States illegally and had twice been deported before the shooting.
彼は2010年に米国への不法入国で有罪判決を受けている。	He was convicted in 2010 of illegal entry into the U.S.
ソネット・メディア・ネットワークス（以下、SMN）は提供する「Logicad for Publishers 」 （ 以下、LFP）において「Prebid.js」によるヘッダービディングでの広告配信を開始した。	Distribution of adverts implementing header bidding via Prebid.js in Logicad for Publishers (hereafter, LFP) offered by So-net Media Networks (SMN), has begun.
LFPは、広告主ごとの要望に合わせた、独自の広告枠の買い付け・プランニングを実現するサービス。	LFP is a service that allows advertisers to individually plan and purchase advertising space according to their needs.
本サービスは、媒体社との連携により、DSP「Logicad」を介した効果的な広告枠を提供する。	In cooperation with publishers, this service provides effective advertising space through the DSP Logicad.
ヘッダービディングとは、複数のビッダー（広告配信企業）で公平な入札競争を行うことで、媒体社が運営するメディアに単価の高い広告を優先的に配信することができる仕組み。	Header bidding is a technique that allows multiple bidders (advertising companies) to bid fairly, so that the highest-bidding adverts will be displayed preferentially on the publisher's media platform.
媒体社にとって透明性が高く、収益改善が期待できるソリューションとして、大手メディアを中心に導入が進んでいるという。	It is increasingly being adopted by major media companies as a solution that offers a high level of transparency and increased revenue.
これまで「Logicad」では、広告枠についてSSPを介し提供してきた。	Up until now, Logicad had offered advertising space via SSP.
近年、広告主からの 、 「 個々の商材やブランドイメージとの親和性が高い特定の広告枠へ配信を行いたい」との要望に応えるため、媒体社との連携による、広告主の要望に添った広告枠の買い付けを直接行うLFPを昨年12月より開始した。	However, in recent years, in response to advertisers' wish to be able to "distribute ads to specific advertising spaces that are in line with their brand image or individual products", we launched LFP last December in cooperation with publishers, allowing the direct purchase of advertising space that suits the advertisers' needs.
今回、ヘッダービディングへの対応により、LFPの導入先が拡充される。	With adding support for header bidding, the number of places where LFP is used will increase.
広告主向けメリットとしては、LFPのヘッダービディング対応により、直接ヘッダービディング対象広告枠への入札に参加可能となり、広告の配信機会の向上が期待できる。	One of the many benefits for advertisers is that the support of header bidding in LFP will make it possible to directly participate in bidding for advertising space eligible for header bidding, thereby increasing the opportunities for ad distribution.
また対象の媒体社が限定されていることから、個々の商材やブランドイメージに沿った配信先の広告枠も確保され、ブランド価値毀損を防止する。	What's more, since the target publishers are limited, the advertising space that bests fits with the brand image or individual products can be secured, thereby preventing the risk of damaging the value of the brand.
媒体社向けメリットとしては、LFPが連携を進める「ラッパー（Wrapper）ソリューション」と呼ばれるビッダー各社のコードを束ねて管理するソリューションにより、媒体社の導入希望に添った取り組みが可能となることが挙げられている。	Benefits for the publisher include the "wrapper solution", a management solution that assigns each bidding company a code, making it possible for publishers to introduce them as they see fit.
中小企業の産品、ジェトロ支援 海外通販サイトで売り込み｜静岡新聞アットエス	Products of small and medium-sized companies sold on overseas ecommerce sites thanks to JETRO support | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
日本貿易振興機構（ジェトロ）が、海外のインターネット通販サイトを通じて、中小企業の販路拡大を支援する事業を進めている。	The Japanese External Trade Organization (JETRO) is supporting market expansion for small and medium-sized business through overseas ecommerce websites.
海外サイト内に日本の特設コーナーを設置して、各地の産品をまとめて紹介、海外の消費者に直接売り込む試みだ。	A special Japanese page will be set up on the websites, where a curated selection of products from across the nation will be introduced, and able to be purchased directly by customers overseas.
企業の申し込みは千社を超え、中国や東南アジアで実績を上げつつある。	So far, more than 1,000 companies have applied to join the scheme, and are already beginning to see results in the Chinese and Southeast Asian markets.
「ＪＡＰＡＮ ＭＡＬＬ（ジャパン・モール）事業」と名付け昨年開始。	The scheme got underway last year, under the name, "Japan Mall".
海外への販路がない中小企業を主な対象とし、化粧品や飲料、加工品などの世界展開を後押しする。	It is targeted at small and medium-sized companies that do not have overseas sales channels and aims to support the global expansion of cosmetics, beverages and processed goods.
ジェトロと連携する欧米や中東、アジアなど２４の大手サイトで売り込みが可能だ。	Products can be promoted on up to 24 major ecommerce websites in the US, Europe, the Middle East and Asia that have business links with JETRO.
パワハラで山形大助教を停職２カ月 米沢キャンパス勤務の30代男性｜山形新聞	Yamagata University’s assistant professor suspended for 2 months for power harassment 30 year old male working at Yonezawa Campus ｜Yamagata Newspaper
学生に対する威圧的な言動などパワハラがあったとして、山形大は27日、米沢キャンパス（米沢市）に勤務する30代の男性助教を停職2カ月の懲戒処分としたと発表した。	Yamagata University announced on the 27th, a disciplinary action of 2 months suspension against a 30 year old male assistant professor working at the Yonezawa Campus (Yonezawa City) for power harassment and authoritarian behavior towards students.
処分は同日付。	This disciplinary action went into effect the same day.
同大総務部によると、男性助教は2017年10月ごろから、研究室に所属する複数の学生を指導する際、感情的になり、不適切な言葉で罵倒するなど威圧的な言動を繰り返し、強い心的ストレスを与えた。	According to the university's general affairs department, this male assistant professor have been causing substantial emotional stress on multiple students at a lab since October 2017, by becoming emotional and repeating intimidating behavior such as shouting abusive inappropriate words while instructing.
教育指導上のパワハラであり、修学環境を悪化させたと認定した。	It was recognized that this deteriorated the learning environment, as it was power harassment in an educational guidance setting.
18年9月に実施したアンケートで複数の学生から訴えがあった。	This claim was made by multiple students on surveys they conducted In September 2018.
工学部の管理職が学生や助教に面談したほか、同年12月からは米沢キャンパスの教員らによるハラスメント防止対策委員会で調査を進め、最終的に学生1人からハラスメントの申し立てがあった。	In addition to the department of engineering’s administration interviewing the assistant professor and students, the harassment prevention committee, made up by faculty members at Yonezawa campus, have continued investigations since December of the same year, and at the end one student claimed there was harassment.
同委員会からの調査結果を受けて小山清人学長と理事による役員会で懲戒処分を決定した。	In response to the investigation conclusion from the committee, the board, consisting of Dean Koyama Kiyohito and trustees, decided on a disciplinary action.
アンケート後も男性助教は引き続き教育に当たったが、面談を通してこれまでの行為は改善され、本人は「申し訳なかった」と話しているという。	The male assistant professor continued teaching after the survey was conducted, but his actions have improved with been through consultations, and he is said to been "feeling sorry".
小山学長は「被害者をはじめ関係者に深くおわび申し上げる。全学をあげてハラスメント防止に取り組み、信頼回復に努める」とのコメントを発表した。	Dean Koyama released a comment saying "I sincerely apologize to the victims and everyone concerned. The entire school will work on preventing harassment and recovering trust."
同大では工学部の男性教員が指導する女子学生にセクハラ行為をした疑いが持たれている件についても内部調査を進めており、懲戒処分になれば公表する方針。	The university is also investigating internally a male instructor from the engineering department who has been suspected of sexually harassing a female student, and if any disciplinary actions are implemented, they will announce it.
内閣の反乱　EU離脱の要求を減らし、EU側と妥協案を結ぶようボリス ジョンソン氏に要求　ザ・サン紙	Boris Johnson faces Cabinet revolt to lower Brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with Brussels - The Sun
決着の場となるEU首脳会談まであとわずか３週間となった今、首相が大幅な譲歩を引き出すには時間切れではないかという懸念が首相周辺で高まっている。	With just three weeks to go until a showdown EU leaders' summit, fears are growing around the PM's top table that he is running out of time to win major concessions.
ボリス ジョンソン氏は、EU離脱の要求を引き下げ、EUと妥協案を結ぶよう求める内閣の反乱に直面している。	Boris Johnson is facing a Cabinet revolt to lower his Brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the EU.
アイルランドの国境に関わるバックストップ条項に代わる新しい関税制度をめぐって交渉は行き詰まっており、EUはジョンソン氏の代替案を「実行不可能」だとみなしている。	Negotiators are deadlocked over a new customs system to replace the Irish backstop, with Brussels branding Mr Johnson's alternative arrangements proposals as "unworkable."
上級大臣らは、ドイツのアンゲラ メルケル首相が率いるEUの黒幕たちがこの追い詰められた保守党党首に、バックストップに関して三年間のタイムリミットを設けるなどの妥協案を土壇場で提案してくれることを期待している。	Senior ministers expect EU power brokers - led by Germany's Angela Merkel - to offer the embattled Tory leader a last minute compromise, such as a three year time limit on the backstop.
ザ・サン紙は、来週マンチェスターで開催される保守党年次大会終了後、首相と対決する構えである閣僚３人に話を聞いた。	The Sun has spoken to three different Cabinet ministers, who are all preparing to confront him after the Tories" annual conference in Manchester next week.
彼らは、首相が上級顧問ドミニク カミングズの考案したEUを合意なき離脱で脅そうという「過激な」戦略を捨てるよう要求し、EUが制限時間ぎりぎりで出す申し出を受け入れるよう主張するつもりだ。	They will demand he abandons the "aggressive" strategy devised by senior aide Dominic Cummings to try to bluff the EU with the threat of No Deal, and insist he accepts the EU's last minute offer.
ある閣僚は、火曜日に最高裁が出した議会閉会を違法とする判決を「警鐘」だといい、さらに「現状では妥協案はわれわれが１０月３１日に離脱できる唯一の方法だと述べた。	One Cabinet minister dubbed the crushing Supreme Court verdict to end Parliament's suspension on Tuesday as "a wake-up call," adding: "A deal is the only way we can leave on October 31 now.
下院でわれわれが数で勝つことは絶対にないし、彼らはわれわれに反対している。	We're never going to beat the numbers in the Commons, and they are against us.
首相は歩みより、利用できるものは利用しなければならない。	The PM has to lean in now and take what he can get.
過激になっても効果はないし、カミングスの計画は明らかに失敗している。	Being aggressive doesn't work, the Cummings plan has clearly failed.
それほど多くの分野で戦うことなど到底できない。	We just can't fight battles on so many fronts.
別の閣僚は、それでもだめなら、テリーザ メイ前首相の協定案を実行するようジョンソン氏に話すと約束した。	A second Cabinet minister has vowed to tell Mr Johnson to try to push through ex-PM Theresa May's deal if all else fails.
その上級大臣は、「もし必要なら、ボリスにテリーザの協定案を下院に戻すよう話すつもりだ。」と付け加えた。	That senior minister added: "I will tell Boris to put Theresa's deal back to the Commons if I have to."
そのための数はそろっているし、誰もがこれを何としても終わらせようとしている。	The numbers are there for it now, everyone is desperate to end this.
延期やむなしとなれば、ボリスは終わりだし、われわれも皆終わりだ。	It's all over for Boris and it's all over for all of us if we're forced to extend.
ジョン メイジャー卿は、ボリスが交渉を真剣に考えていないことを非難した。	Sir John Major accused Boris of not taking the negotiation seriously.
保守党の前党首は辛辣なスピーチで「首相はEUと協定を結ぶことを望んでいるとわれわれに語っている。	In a withering speech, the former Tory premier said: "The Prime Minister tells us he wishes to have a deal with Europe.
しかし、われわれは、首相がEUとの話し合いの席につき、合意案を成立させる姿を見ていない。	But we don't see him sitting down in Brussels, hammering out an agreement.
その代わり、われわれが目にしたのはスコットランドで首相が牡牛と格闘したり、ウエールズで卵を検査したり、大通りで国民と議論したりしているところだーあたかも選挙戦が本格化しているといわんばかりに。」	Instead, we do see him wrestling with bulls in Scotland; inspecting eggs in Wales; and arguing with the public in high streets - for all the world as if an election campaign was already in full swing."
首相の報道官は昨日、協定はまだずっと先だということを認め、「誰も思い違いをしてはいけないー目標を達成するのなら、道のりはまだずっと長い。」	The PM's spokesman yesterday admitted a deal was still far off, saying: "No one should be under any illusion - there is a very long way to go if we are to secure a deal."
しかし、報道官はまた、合意なき離脱を行う場合、３か月の再延期を強制するベン法案は、ブリュッセルでの「われわれの交渉の立場を大いに弱めるものだ」と述べた。	But the spokesman also said the Benn Act to enforce a three months delay if there is no deal was "actively undermining our negotiating position" in Brussels.
報道官は「この法案がわれわれの交渉の立場を妨げているのは間違いないが、首相とその同僚たちはその法案が成立したにもかかわらず、懸命に努力して前進を続けようとしている。」と述べた。	He said: "There is no doubt that it has hindered our negotiating position but the Prime Minister and colleagues through hard work have continued to try and make progress in the face of that piece of legislation."
欧州連合離脱大臣スティーブン バークレイは、EUのミシェル バルニエとのさらなる協議のため、今日ブリュッセルに戻る。	Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay goes back to Brussels today for more talks with the EU's Michel Barnier.
二人は、食品や畜産に関するアイルランド全島の規制区域化がどのように機能するかについての文書を審議する。	They will discuss a paper on how an all-Ireland zone on food and livestock would work.
ロレイン ケリー：グラスゴー訛りではテレビの世界では絶対成功しないだろうと言われたわ。	Lorraine Kelly: I was told I'd never make it in TV with a Glasgow accent
ロレイン ケリーは、そのグラスゴー訛りでは司会者としては「絶対成功しない」だろうとテレビ局の上司たちから言われたと明かした。	Lorraine Kelly revealed that TV bosses told her she would "never make it" as a presenter because of her Glaswegian accent.
初めてテレビ画面に登場する前は「とても緊張した」と、５９才のケリーは放送業界での３５年を振り返ってこう語った。	Looking back on 35 years in broadcasting, Kelly, 59, recalled how she felt "very nervous" ahead of her first appearance on screen.
「まだ２５才で、とても緊張したわ」と彼女は言う。	"I was only 25 and very nervous," she said.
私はBBC スコットランド支局で調査員として働いていて、上司の上司から君のグラスゴー訛りでは絶対テレビ業界では成功しないと言われていたの。	I had been working as a researcher at BBC Scotland and been told by the big boss that I would never make it in TV because of my Glasgow accent.
グラスゴーオフィスでの引き継ぎの前に、TV-amのチームのみんなに会うために、そしてあの番組が放送されているところを見るためにロンドンへ行ったの。	I went down to London to meet all of the TV-am team and see the show being broadcast, before taking over at the Glasgow office.
あの朝アン ダイアモンドとマイク モリスが伝説の女優ベティ デイビスにインタビューしていたのを私は決して忘れることはないわ。	I will never forget, Anne Diamond and Mike Morris were interviewing the icon that is Bette Davis that morning.
生きた伝説と同じ部屋にいるなんて信じられなかった。	I couldn't believe that I was in the same room as a living legend.
私のいたい場所はここだということがわかったの。	I knew this was where I wanted to be.
ケリーは、スコットランドのイースト キルブライドの地方新聞の記者として働き始め、１９８４年にTV--amスコットランド支局の記者となった。	Kelly started her career as a local newspaper reporter in East Kilbride, Scotland before becoming a Scottish correspondent for TV-am in 1984.
さらにケリーはGMTVやITV のブレックファストやデイブレイクなどで番組の司会を務め、その後彼女の名前を冠した番組、ロレインを始めた。	She went on to host shows including GMTV, ITV Breakfast and Daybreak before launching her eponymous morning programme Lorraine.
３５周年を記念して、ケリーの最も記憶に残る場面やインタビューを振り返る特別番組を放送する。	She will mark her 35th anniversary with a special show looking back at her most memorable moments and interviews.
「情熱と熱意」そして「好奇心」がテレビ業界で生き残るための秘訣だった、とその司会者は言い、さらに「それを仕事に込めなければならないのよ」と付け加えた。	The presenter said that "passion and enthusiasm" and "curiosity" were the secret to longevity in TV, adding: "You have to put in the work.
正直、そして誠実でなければならない。	You have to be honest and authentic.
自分のやるべきことをやって、いろんな人に興味を持ち、そして興味をもってもらうこと。	Do your homework and be both interested and interesting.
心に衝撃を受けたニュースを振り返って、ケリーはダンブレーン銃乱射事件に関する取材は「とても辛かった」と明かした。	Looking back at the news stories that impacted her emotionally, Kelly revealed that reporting on the Dunblane massacre was "very tough."
１６人の生徒と先生が殺害されるというあの恐ろしい事件が起きた翌日、私たちがダンブレーンから番組を生放送するのを、殺された、あるいは負傷した子供たちの家族の多くが見ているなんて思いもしなかった。	I had no idea that many of the families whose children had been killed or wounded were watching our live show from Dunblane the day after the horrific killing of sixteen children and their teacher.
母親の１人で、５才の娘ジョアンナが殺されたパム ロスは個人的に私に会いたいと言うので、私たちは彼女の家で何時間も話すことになりました。	One of the mums, Pam Ross, whose five-year-old daughter Joanna was murdered, asked to see me privately and we ended up talking for hours at her house.
そのすべてを番組では取り上げず、私はジョアンナの葬儀に行き、パムと私はそれ以来ずっと友人です。	It was all under the radar, I went to Joanna's funeral and Pam and I have been friends ever since.
さらにケリーは、２００７年にケイトとゲリー マッカン夫妻の娘マデレインが行方不明になったときに夫妻にインタビューしたが、それは「非常につらいものだった」と述べ、「夫妻の強さと勇気を本当に尊敬する」と語った。	She added that interviewing Kate and Gerry McCann shortly after their daughter Madeleine went missing in 2007 was "extremely hard" and said that she "really admired their strength and courage."
夫妻は愛する娘の身に何が起こっているのかわからないという辛さやぞっとするようなネットのあらしに耐えなければならないのです。	They have had to put up with the pain of not knowing what has happened to their beloved daughter, as well as the most appalling trolling online.
夫妻が本当にお気の毒でなりません。	My heart goes out to them.
ロレインの３５周年番組は、９月３０日月曜日午前８時３０分からITVで放送される。	Lorraine's 35th anniversary show is on Monday, September 30 from 8.30am on ITV.
ジンバブエ　罠を恐れたチウェンガ	Zimbabwe: Chiwenga Feared Trapping
政府高官によると、コンスタンチノ・チウェンガ副大統領は、政変真っただ中での故ロバート・ムガベ前大統領からの大統領職の申し出を、2017年11月の軍部行動を追認する罠であるかもしれないという不安を理由に断った。	Vice-President Constantino Chiwenga turned down an offer by the late president Robert Mugabe to take over the presidency at the height of the coup as he feared it might be a trap to rubberstamp the military take-over in November 2017, a senior government official has claimed.
クーデターの間、ムガベと国防軍との間で交渉が引き続き行われる中で、ムガベがチウェンガに大統領職を譲ると申し出た、と先週ジンバブエインディペンデント紙は報じている。	As reported by the Zimbabwe Independent last week, Mugabe offered Chiwenga to take over the presidency as negotiations between him and the army ensued during the coup.
しかし、チウェンガが申し出を断ったのは、不安からではなく、クーデターで政権を剥奪されたことを世界各国のリーダーやアフリカ連合に対して知らしめるのにチウェンガを利用しようというするムガベの意図を見抜いたことが原因である、と政府高官はソーシャルメディアで伝えている。	However, a senior government official said on social media Chiwenga did not turn down the offer out of fear, but he was able to see through Mugabe's plan to use him to prove to world leaders and the African Union (AU) that indeed he had been toppled in a coup.
当局者が大統領内閣府の高官であると確認しているJamwanda2の一連のツイッターで「37年間にわたり政権を握ってきたムガベは、エマーソン・ムナンガグワではなくチウェンガに政権を譲ることに前向きだ」とし、当時この件について激しい交渉が行われていたことが伝えられている。	In a Twitter thread which confirmed Zimbabwe's 37-year-ruler was willing to hand over power to Chiwenga and not President Emmerson Mnangagwa, Jamwanda 2, whom government officials confirmed was a senior government official in the Office of the President and Cabinet, said intense negotiations were held at the time over the issue.
権力を失いつつあるのに気付いたムガベは使者によるチウェンガへの接触を図った、と政府当局者は語っている。	Government officials said Mugabe approached Chiwenga through one of his emissaries when he realised power was slipping though his hands.
政府高官によると、軍司令部と故・前大統領間の仲裁は３者によって行われたということである。	Intercession between the military command element and late former president had three strands, according to the senior government official.
大統領スポークスマンのジョージ・チャランバ、当時の中央情報機構トップ代理のアーロン・ネペラおよびローマ・カトリック司教聖職者フィデリス・ムコノリが交渉に関与した、とその高官は伝えた。	The official said characters involved in the negotiations included presidential spokesperson George Charamba, Central Intelligence Organisation then acting boss Aaron Nhepera and Roman Catholic Bishop cleric Fidelis Mukonori.
ジンバブエ準備銀行元総裁のギデオン・ゴノは、ジンバブエ国防軍（ZDF）チウェンガ指揮官へ大統領の座の受け渡しを単独で伝える役割をムガベから委託された一人である。	Former Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor Gideon Gono was another strand after he was sent by Mugabe on a one-man mission with the offer of the presidency to Chiwenga who was the Zimbabwe Defence Forces (ZDF) commander.
存命中よりも死後にアフリカの象徴となったムガベは、アフリカ各国のリーダーによる介入を求めつつアフリカ連合に軍の行動を非難させようと試みたが失敗に終わった。	The man, who in death more than in life has been described as an African icon, tried in vain to get the AU to denounce the military operation, while seeking intervention by other African leaders.
元CDF（チウェンガ指揮官）への大統領職を譲るという申し出は、故（ムガベ）前大統領の選択によるものではなかった。	Offer of presidency to then CDF (Commander Defence Forces Chiwenga) by the late (Mugabe) was not by choice.
「故大統領の家族の一部に疲労も出始め、危険なほど急速に拡大した状況を救おうとする捨て身の行動だったのです」とその高官（Jamwanda）は書いている。	"It was a desperate act to save the situation which had grown dangerously fast-paced; wearing down a part of the late's family," the official (Jamwanda) wrote.
ただ、少なくとも外交的だけでも流れを変えたいという、故大統領の政治的な狙いも少しはあった。	But there was also a bit of political baiting which the late hoped would turn the tables, at the very least diplomatically.
憲法秩序を破壊するようなことがあれば、クーデターについてのアフリカ連合の見解と衝突することになっていただろうが、司令官らはその憲法秩序を破ってはおらず、破るつもりもないと宣言していたことを思い出してほしい。	Recall that commanders had declared they had not, and would not, overthrow the constitutional order, a development which would have set them on a collision with the AU position on coups.
故（ムガベ）大統領は、当時の軍部トップであったチウェンガが罠にかかり、憲法秩序を破っていないと主張する司令官らの主張をつぶすことを期待していた。	The late (Mugabe) hoped the then CDF (Chiwenga) would swallow the bait, thereby putting paid to claims by commanders they had not overthrown the constitutional order.
故（ムガベ）大統領は、状況全体をまだ十分に把握せずにクーデターとして位置付けるかどうかを決めかねているアフリカ連合が、最終的にはクーデターと呼ぶしかなく、軍事介入要求が妥当性のあるものとみなされることを望んでいた。	The hope for (the) late (Mugabe) was that the AU, which by the way was still very confused by the whole situation and how to fit it within its theoretical taxonomy on coups, would then have no option, but to describe it as a coup, in which case calls for military intervention would then have credence.
それが、この申し出の根底にある意図と計算だった。	That was the spirit and calculation within which the offer was made.
防衛軍によって自分が守られることはないと気づいたときにムガベは動いた、と当局者たちは話す。	Officials said Mugabe made the move when he realised that the defence forces were no longer ready to protect him.
軍部にカダフィのような処刑を受けることになると警告され、ムガベは退任状を書かざるを得なかった、と話している。	They said Mugabe was forced to write a resignation letter after the military had warned the strongman that he risked a Gadaffi-style lynching.
軍部の指揮官たちは、ブルールーフと呼ばれる大統領宅に侵入することがあっても、市民たちに銃を向けることはない、とムガベに伝えていた。	Military bosses told him they would not turn their guns on citizens if they marched to his Blue Roof residence.
その時点で、ムガベは自分の家族を守ること、そして軍部による権力剥奪を証明することの二つを望んだ、と話す。	And at that instant Mugabe had two desires, to save his family and also to prove that the military had taken over power," the official said.
当時の司令官と指揮官たちは、その意図を正確に読み取っていた。	The then CDF and commanders correctly read (the) calculation.
大統領の必死の伝言を伝える使者（ゴノ）が告げられた言葉には「イス・ティリ・ベマクワパ・マクワパ（我々はカモフラージュ集団つまり軍部に属する）、我々は政治家でもなければ政治的競争のただ中にいるのでもない」という力強い比喩的表現が用いられていた、と政府高官は語った。	The emissary (Gono) of that desperate message was told -- through a powerful metaphor -- that isu tiri vemakwapa-makwapa (we belong to the sect of camouflages, that is, the military); we are not politicians or (in) political competition, the senior government official said.
陸軍は地域の他軍司令官たちに、ジンバブエに滞在していた武官を通じて、目的はムガベを倒すことではなく彼を取り巻く「犯罪者」を取り除くことだと伝えた、と政府高官たちは話している。	Government officials say the army had communicated to other military bosses in the region through attachés who were in Zimbabwe that their intentions were not to topple Mugabe, but to deal with "criminals" around him.
また、ムガベは、クーデターや後継者について話し合うために、南アフリカに短期亡命をしていたムナンガグワを同じ方法を用いて呼び戻そうとした。	Mugabe also tried to use the same strategy to lure Mnangagwa back from short exile in South Africa so that they could have a discussion on the coup and succession.
陸軍との交渉に加え、ムガベは地域からの支援が必要だったのである。	Apart from negotiating with the army, Mugabe also sought help from the region.
経済力と地域における力が備わっているだけでなく当時のジェイコブ・ズマ大統領が南部アフリカ開発共同体議長であったことから、この過程の鍵となる南アフリカ人は、介入することは拒んだものの、その背後で繰り返し脅していたように、軍部が大統領宅へ侵入した場合には南アフリカ軍が直ちにハラレに送られたであろうことを明確にした。	The South Africans, who were key to the process -- not least because of their economic and regional power, but also because the then president Jacob Zuma was the Sadc chairperson -- refused to intervene, but made it clear that if the army had invaded Mugabe's house, as they were threatening repeatedly in the background, South African troops would have arrived in Harare in no time.
「ただ、それはプーチン大統領やアフリカの指導者たちに支持されなかったため、実現には至らなかった」と、情報筋はインディペンデント紙に伝えている。	"That did not work because Putin and African leaders did not prefer that route," a source told the Independent.
国連で被爆２世が核禁止支持訴え 条約批准は３２カ国に｜静岡新聞アットエス	Second generation of atomic bomb survivor family appeals for nuclear ban at UN, ratification of treaty increases to 32 countries | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
【ニューヨーク共同】ニューヨークの国連本部で２６日、核兵器のない世界を目指す会合が開かれ、原爆投下時の広島赤十字病院（現在の広島赤十字・原爆病院）の院長の孫娘で被爆２世の竹内道さん（６３）が演説し、核兵器禁止条約への支持を訴えた。	New York: An assembly aimed at creating a world free of nuclear weapons was held at the United Nations Headquarters in New York on the 26th, at which Takeuchi Michi (63), granddaughter of the director of the Hiroshima Red Cross Hospital (present day Hiroshima Red Cross & Atomic Bomb Survivors Hospital) at the time of the atomic bombing, gave a speech and appealed for more support in banning nuclear weapons.
この日新たに５カ国が核禁止条約に批准し、批准は計３２カ国・地域となった。	On the day, five new countries ratified the nuclear treaty, bringing the total to 32 nations and regions.
条約発効には５０カ国・地域の批准が必要。	The ratification of 50 nations and regions is required for the treaty to come into effect.
会合や批准は、国連が定めた２６日の「核兵器の全面的廃絶のための国際デー」に合わせて行われた。	The assembly and ratifications were held to coincide with the International Day for the Total Elimination of Nuclear Weapons that was established by the UN.
グテレス事務総長も演説し、近年、核軍縮や不拡散に逆行する動きがあるとして強い懸念を表明。	UN Secretary-General Guterres also spoke, expressing a strong concern that in recent years there has been a trend in opposition of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
「廃絶するほかない」と強調した。	He reasserted that, "There is no choice other than the total elimination."
中国は強力な指導力が必要　さもなくば「崩壊」-政策文書	China needs strong leadership or will 'crumble,' policy paper says
中国は共産党が強力で統一された指導力を持つことを必要としており、さもなくば国が「崩壊」してしまうだろう、と中華人民共和国建国70周年記念に先立ち、金曜日に発表された政策文書の中で中国政府が述べた。	China needs the strong, unified leadership of the Communist Party or the country will "crumble," the government said in a policy paper released on Friday ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic.
中国の国務院報道機関は白書の中で、70年前に共産党が政権をとってからこれまでの成功は党の指導力によるものだと述べた。	China's cabinet news office said in a white paper that the country's success since the Communists took power 70 years ago was down to the party's leadership.
中国は広大で、国内情勢も複雑であるが、統治上の問題はほとんど見られない。	China is huge in size, has complex national conditions, and its governance difficulties are rarely seen.
統一した強力な指導力がなければ、中国は分裂と崩壊に向かい、世界にとっても大惨事となるであろう」と書かれている。	Without a unified and strong leadership force, China will move toward division and crumble, bringing disaster to the world," it said.
中国当局は、国家安定のために必要であるとして、１９８９年に北京で起きた民主化運動弾圧のように、強硬なやり方で問題に対処することを長い間正当化してきた。	Chinese authorities have long justified a firm fist in dealing with problems, like the crackdown on pro-democracy protests in Beijing in 1989, as being necessary for national stability.
火曜日に行われる、世界第2位の経済大国の記念式典の主役となる強権的な習近平国家主席は、2012年後半に政権を握ってからさらに党の支配を強め、党へ反発する人間を厳しく取り締まっている。	Strong-arm President Xi Jinping, who will headline the anniversary celebrations of the world's second-biggest economy on Tuesday, has further tightened party rule and cracked down on those who may challenge authority since taking office in late 2012.
習氏はまた、その地域を脅かしている軍の近代化プログラムを監督してきた。	Xi has also overseen a military modernization program that has unnerved the region.
中国は自国の発展モデルを輸出するつもりもないし、他国のモデルを取り入れるつもりもない、覇権ではなくただひたすらに平和を希求するのみである、と政策文書は述べる。	China does not seek to export its development model nor want to import any foreign models, seeking only peace and not "hegemony," the policy paper said.
中国国民の遺伝子の中には、他国民の侵略や世界支配はない。	The Chinese people do not have it in their genes to invade others or dominate the world.
近代では、中国は列強からのいじめを受け、戦争や混乱はその苦痛とともに深い傷跡を残した；中国は自らが経験した痛みを他の人々に負わせることは絶対にしないだろう。	In modern times, China has been bullied by the Great Powers, war and turmoil have left a deep impression with the suffering caused; China will never impose the sufferings it has been through on other peoples.
中国はアメリカとの厳しい貿易戦争で身動きが取れず国内が不安定なときに記念の年を迎え、また景気の低迷や中国領香港での反政府運動などの難しい問題にも直面している。	China is marking the anniversary at a time of uncertainty for the country, which is locked in a bitter trade war with the United States and faces challenges from a slowing economy as well as anti-government protests in the Chinese territory of Hong Kong.
中国は決して核心的利益を「放棄」はしないし、安全保障と主権が損なわれることは許さない、と白書は述べる。	China will never "trade away" its core interests and not allow its security and sovereignty to be compromised, the paper said.
「貿易戦争の脅威と上がり続ける関税というのは何の問題解決にもつながらない。」と、ワシントンとの貿易紛争に関連して、白書は述べる。	"The threat of trade wars and the continued increase in tariffs are not conducive to solving problems," it said, in reference to its trade disputes with Washington.
中国は完成された産業システム、完全な産業チェーン、広い市場空間と強力な経済発展の勢いを持つ成熟した経済国家だ。	China is a mature economy with a complete industrial system, complete industrial chain, broad market space and strong economic development momentum.
「貿易戦争で弱体化することは決してない。」と白書はさらに述べた。	"It will never be weakened by trade wars," the paper added.
中国には困難に立ち向かい、危機をチャンスに変え、新たな世界を開く力があるということを確信している。	China is confident that it has the ability to face difficulties, turn crises into opportunities, and open up a new world.
中国には米国に対抗する考えはまったくないし、米国にとって代わりたいとも思っていないので、アメリカは中国の発展を冷静にとらえるべきだ。と付け加えた。	The United States should look rationally at China's development, as China has no intention of challenging the United States and does not want to replace the United States, it added.
アメリカは中国をコントロールはできないし、中国の発展を止めることはさらに可能性が低い。	The United States cannot control China, and it is even more unlikely to stop China's development.
他国を抑制、抑圧し、そして国内の矛盾を国外に移すようなことをしていればアメリカが強さを維持することはないだろう。	Curbing and suppressing other countries and transferring domestic contradictions abroad will not keep the United States strong.
【高校野球】横浜高が平田監督、金子部長を解任 暴言などが発覚（スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	[High School Baseball] Yokohama High School dismisses Manager Hirata and Director Kaneko after abusive language discovered (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
春夏合わせて５度の全国制覇を誇る高校野球の名門・横浜高は２８日、平田徹監督（３６）と金子雅部長（４２）を同日付で解任したことを発表した。	Yokohama High School, a prestigious baseball school boasting five national titles in Spring and Summer tournaments, announced on the 28th that Manager Hirata Toru (36) and Director Kaneko Masa (42) were dismissed effective immediately.
今後は高山大輝コーチを監督代行とし、部長（責任教師）は速やかに決定するとしている。	Going forward, Coach Takayama Daiki will be acting Manager and the director (teacher in charge) will be decided on as soon as possible.
平田監督、金子部長については、２６日に地元紙が野球部員への暴言などがあったと報じた。	As for Hirata and Kaneko, a local newspaper reported on the 26th that there were abusive language towards the baseball team members.
学校側は２人から事情を聞くと、平田監督は生徒の首のあたりをつかんだこと、金子部長は暴言の一部を認めた。	When the school inquired the two, Manager Hirata admitted to grabbing around a student's neck and Director Kaneko admitted to part of the abusive language.
さらに生徒６６人からの聞き取り調査の結果を踏まえ、再度２人に事実確認を行ったところ、おおむね事実と認めたため、２８日付で解任した。	They further confirmed the two’s action based on results from a hearing from 66 students, and as both mostly admitted to them, the 2 were dismissed on the 28th.
横浜は１５年夏に、松坂大輔投手（現中日）らを育てた渡辺元智前監督（７４）が勇退。	In the summer of 2015, former Manager Watanabe Motochima (74), who trained pitcher Matsuzaka Daisuke (currently of Chunichi), retired from Yokohama High School.
平田監督、金子部長の体制となっていた。	Manager Hirata and Director Kaneko took over then.
１６年夏から３年連続で夏の甲子園に出場し、今春センバツにも出場。	From the summer of 2016 the team entered Koshien for three years in a row and participated in Senbatsu this spring.
しかし、今夏は準々決勝で県立の相模原に敗れると、秋も準々決勝で桐光学園に敗れ、来春のセンバツ出場は絶望的となっていた。	However, they lost the quarterfinals this summer to prefectural school Sagamihara, and to Toko Gakuen in the fall, which meant participation in next spring's Senbatsu was hopeless.
スパイスガールズのメルC、摂食障害闘病を経て家庭内ではダイエットの話題を禁止	Spice Girls' Mel C bans diet talk at home after eating disorder battle
スパイスガールズのメラニー・チゾムは、長年にわたって果物と野菜以外の一切を食べない、という自身の摂食障害の闘病経験から、家庭ではダイエットを禁止していることを認めた。	Spice Girl Melanie Chisholm has admitted diets are banned in her home after her own personal battles with eating disorders which saw her eat nothing but fruit and vegetables for years.
スポーティスパイスは、世界的ポップグループのメンバーというプレッシャーの下、長年十分に食事をとらずに「過剰なまでのエクササイズ」を続けてきた結果、後にうつと摂食障害の診断を受けた。	Sporty Spice spent years under-eating and "obsessively exercising" while dealing with the pressures of being in the globally famous pop group and she was later diagnosed with depression as well as an eating disorder.
チゾムは、自身の経験が愛娘スカーレットの育児にも影響していると語り、「家庭内でダイエットに関する一切の話題は禁止」であることを明かした。	Now she has revealed that her own experiences affect the way she raises her own daughter, Scarlet and that she doesn't "ever allow people to speak about diets in our house."
「スカーレットは今10歳で、段々自分の外見に気を遣うようになってきたわ」とメルは語る。	"Scarlet's 10 years old now and I'm starting to notice that she's more conscious of the way she looks," said Mel.
でも摂食障害を経験したからこそ娘と会話するときの言葉遣いにとても気を付けるようになれたの。	But I think one of the positives of having gone through having an eating disorder is that I'm very conscious of how I speak around her.
前向きな言葉、今ではそれが習慣。	That positive language - it's habit now.
スパイスガールズのメンバーとして名声を得た1990年代は、未だSNS台頭前で、マスコミに書かれた自分に関する「酷い」コメントが身体の問題につながったと、メルは雑誌Women's Healthのインタビューで語った。	Speaking to Women's Health magazine, Mel, who shot to fame as part of the Spice Girls in the 1990s, before the rise of social media said that "disgusting" comments about her in the press led to her body issues.
「自分で自分の面倒をちゃんと見なくなりだし、特定の食品群を抜き、どんどんエクササイズに取り憑かれたようになり、痩せすぎに至るほどだったわ。」とメル。	"I started not looking after myself properly, cutting out food groups, and my exercising became more and more obsessive, to the point that I was underweight," she said.
体調も悪かったし、そんな状態がだいたい数年続いたの。」	I was unwell and that probably continued for a couple of years."
同性婚司法判断 多様性を広げる契機に：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Court decision on same-sex marriage an opportunity to expand diversity: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
婚姻に準じる「事実婚（内縁 ） 」 が同性間でも成立するかが争われた訴訟で、宇都宮地裁真岡支部はこれを認める判断を示した。	The Moka Branch of Utsunomiya District Court has ruled favourably in a lawsuit over whether a "de facto marriage (common-law marriage)" equivalent to marriage can come into existence between couples of the same sex.
同性婚を認める国は２０を超え、国内でも、法的効力はないが札幌市など自治体が同性パートナーシップを認証する制度が広がる。	Over 20 countries around the globe now permit same-sex marriage, and even at home, though it has no legal effect, the number of local governments that recognize same-sex partnerships, like Sapporo, are on the rise.
判決はこれを踏まえ、女性２人の事実婚の実態を認定した。	Based on this, the court ruled that the two women in the case were in fact married.
同性カップルに法的保護を認めた初の司法判断とみられ、意義深い。	This is significant because it is the first time a court in Japan has ruled to grant legal protection to a same-sex couple.
民法や戸籍法の規定を理由に同性婚を認めないのは違憲として国に損害賠償を求める訴訟が、札幌など５地裁で行われている。	Lawsuits seeking damages from the state on the grounds that it is unconstitutional to deny same-sex marriage based on the provisions of the Civil Code and Family Registration Law have been filed in five district courts, including Sapporo.
判決を突破口に、性的少数者の権利保障へ理解を深め、多様な家族のかたちを認める法制度のあり方について議論を深めたい。	It is hoped that this ruling will deepen understanding of rights protection for sexual minorities, and encourage discussion on how a more inclusive legal system that recognizes more diverse families should be.
女性らは約７年間同居し、米国で結婚証明書も取得したが、不貞行為の発覚で破局し、原告が元パートナーらに損害賠償を求めた。	The women at the centre of the lawsuit had lived together for around seven years and had obtained a marriage certificate in US, but later split when one partner's infidelity was discovered, and now the plaintiff was seeking damages from her former partner.
判決は、２人の同居実績などから「男女間の事実婚と何ら変わらない実態」を認定した。	Based on their time spent living together, the court found that "their actual circumstances were no different from that of a man and woman living together in a common-law marriage".
社会保険などで婚姻に準じた権利をもつ事実婚の認定を、同性間にも広げる画期的な判断だ。	The result of this groundbreaking decision extends the rights of common-law marriage, which for social insurance and other purposes confers the same rights as traditional marriage, to same-sex couples.
さらに重要なのは、婚姻を「両性の合意のみに基づく」として「婚姻の自由」をうたった憲法２４条の解釈を示した点だ。	An even more important implication is the interpretation of Article 24 of the Constitution, which stipulates the freedom to marry, stating, "Marriage shall be based only on the mutual consent of both sexes".
両性とあるのは「制定当時は同性婚が想定されていなかったためで、同性婚を否定する趣旨とまでは解されない」と踏み込んだ。	It was the view of the court that the inclusion of the wording "both sexes" was because, "Same-sex marriage was not envisioned at the time the Constitution was drawn up, but one cannot go so far as to interpret this as meaning that same-sex marriage is denied."
「憲法は同性婚を想定していない」としつつ、禁じているかどうかは明言しない政府にくぎを刺すもので、各地の同性婚訴訟の追い風となることが期待される。	The government has not explicitly said whether or not same-sex marriage is prohibited, but pointing out that the Constitution did not even conceive of same-sex marriages could be used to pin them down, and may bode well for other court cases concerning same-sex marriages around the country.
一方で、同性婚が認められていないことから「男女間とは法的保護の利益が異なる」として、賠償額を減じた点は課題が残った。	On the other hand, issues still remain though, as the amount of reparation was reduced due to the fact that same-sex marriage is not approved and therefore the extent of legal protection differs to that available between a man and a woman.
男女間と同等の実態を認めながら、守るべき権利に差をつけるのは、筋が通らないのではないか。	One could argue that it makes no sense to differentiate the rights to be protected while at the same time recognizing that the circumstances were the same as that of a man and woman who are together.
既婚女性が対象の全国家庭動向調査で、同性婚を法律で認めるべきだとした人が７割に上るなど、国民の意識も変化している。	A national survey investigating family trends that was asked to married women revealed a shift in the national consciousness, as over 70% responded that they thought same-sex marriages should be permitted by law.
ライフスタイルの多様化が進む中、法が伝統的な家族像に縛られていては、それに収まらない人々の権利を奪うことになろう。	As lifestyles diversify, if the law is tied to the traditional image of the family, it will encroach on the rights of people who cannot be pigeonholed in such a way.
事実婚は法の認める「配偶者」ではないため、税制面で優遇が受けられず、共同親権を持てないなど、依然制約も少なくない。	Since people in common-law marriages are not regarded as "spouses" by the law, there are still various restrictions, such as lack of tax benefits and inability to have joint custody.
同性婚の検討では、同性間の婚姻にとどまらず、事実婚の法的権利の拡大など、さまざまな観点から家族法制を見直す必要がある。	In considering same-sex marriage, it will surely become necessary to review the laws governing the rights within families from various perspectives, not just allowing same-sex couples to marry, but also expanding the legal rights conferred to common-law marriages.
複数女性への強姦容疑で起訴の元アスリートの公判、陪審裁判へ	Trial of ex-athlete accused of multiple rapes goes to jury
複数の女性に性的暴行を行ったとして起訴されている元デラウェア大学の野球選手の裁判で陪審員による審理が行われている。	Jury deliberations are under way in the rape trial of an ex-university of Delaware baseball player accused of multiple sexual assaults.
１０日間の証言と弁論を終えた金曜日、陪審員はクレイ コナウェイ（２３）の命運についての評議を始めた。	Jurors began deliberating the fate of 23-year-old Clay Conaway on Friday after 10 days of testimony and arguments.
２１才の女性は、コナウェイを車で自宅へ送っていった後、性的暴行を受けたと供述している。	A 21-year-old woman says Conaway raped her after she drove to his house in June 2018.
二人が顔を合わせたのは、出会い系サイトバンブルで知り合って３週間後のことで、そのときコナウェイは自分のヌード写真を女性に送っていた。	The encounter happened three weeks after the two connected on the online meeting site Bumble, and he sent her a nude picture of himself.
コナウェイは２０１３年から２０１８年の間に6人の女性への性的暴行罪に問われているが、この女性もそのうちの一人である。	She is among six women whom Conaway is accused of sexually assaulting between 2013 and 2018.
検察側は、同意の上での抱擁がエスカレートしてコナウェイが女性に暴行しようとした際、女性は抵抗したと主張。	Prosecutors say the woman objected when consensual cuddling escalated to Conway forcing himself on her.
弁護側は、女性の矛盾した主張と記憶違いを追及し、女性は肉体的関係を持ったことを後悔していたのではないかと述べている。	Defense attorneys have targeted the woman's conflicting accounts and memory lapses and say she may have regretted being physically intimate.
【広島】緒方監督、自身の去就について注目発言「来季こそペナント奪回 」 （ スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	(Hiroshima) Ogata coach makes noteworthy comment, "We will recapture the pennant next season." (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
３位・広島が今季最終戦で敗れて自力でのＣＳ進出の可能性が絶たれた。	Hiroshima, in third place, lost their chance to advance to the CS on its own after losing this season's last game.
４位・阪神が残り３試合を全勝すれば順位が入れ替わる。	If Hanshin, in fourth place, wins all 3 remaining games, their ranks will be switched.
試合後のセレモニーで緒方孝市監督（５０）は「最終戦で勝てず、順位を確定できなかったのは申し訳ない。この結果は監督としての責任」と謝罪。	After the post game ceremony, Ogata coach (50) apologized by saying "I am so sorry for losing the last game and not being able to keep the place. I take full responsibility as the coach."
一部ファンからブーイングを浴びせられた。	He was booed by some fans.
さらにあいさつの終盤で「来季こそペナントを奪回できるよう頑張ります」と自身の続投を示唆するような発言もあった。	At the end of his speech he also said, "I will do my best to win back the pennant" insinuating his continuation.
ただしセレモニー終了後、その点について報道陣に問われると「まだ終わってないから、全部」と、去就はポストシーズンも含めた全日程終了後に明かす方針を示した。	However, when asked about that by the media after the ceremony, he indicated his resignation will be announced after the end of the schedule including the postseason by saying "We have yet to finish everything."
【道スポ】大田が移籍後初４番、自己最多２０号 引退実松＆Ｇ阿部の教え受け継ぐ：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	[Hokkaido Sport] Ota 4th batter first time after transfer, hits 20th home run, a personal best Iinherited teachings of now retired Sanematsu and Giants' Abe: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
先輩たちへの"恩返し弾"となった。	The home run was like a repayment to the older players who taught him.
１点リードで迎えた四回、左翼席にライナーで今季２０本目の本塁打をたたき込んだ。	Entering the 4th inning with a one-point lead, Ota hit a liner into the left wing seats, securing his 20th home run of the season.
目標としていた本塁打数に届き「この数字を受け止めて、また試行錯誤してやっていく。大きな１本になった」と胸を張った。	Reacting on having achieved the number of home runs he was aiming for, Ota spoke with pride, "I will learn from this accomplishment and continue to progress through trial and error. This home run meant a lot to me."
栗山監督の意図もしっかりとくみ取った。	Ota was also able to carry out Manager Kuriyama's plan ably.
移籍後初の４番起用。	It was the first time he was assigned to the cleanup spot since transferring.
「思い切って振れるように４番に入れた」と伝えられた。	Kuriyama had told Ota that he'd entered him as the 4th batter so he could "swing away with all his might".
大田は「それを意気に感じて、試合に入った結果。純粋にワクワクしながら１日を過ごした」と期待に応えた。	Ota certainly lived up to expectations, saying, "That encouraged me, and I entered the game with great enthusiasm. I spent the whole day genuinely excited."
理想とする４番像の一人が、今季で現役を退く巨人・阿部だ。	One of his ideal players to play in the position of 4th batter is the Giants' Shinnosuke Abe, who will retire this season.
「 （ ４番は）勝利に導く核。毎日結果を出してこそ、チームの４番。巨人で見てきた４番の先輩たちはそうだった」と話す。	He explains, "(The 4th batter) is the core of the team, that can lead it to victory. It's the team's 4th batter that produces results every day. All the older players who were 4th batters that I observed when I was with the Giants were like that."
その中でも「阿部さんの姿が一番に思い浮かぶ。頼もしい存在だったし、そういう背中を見て、自分のスタイルになっている 」 。	Among them, "Abe in particular springs to mind. He had a reliable presence, and I learned from watching him, which allowed me to develop my own style."
＜道新スポーツ９月２７日掲載＞	<Published in Doshin Sports on September 27th>
人気観光地の深刻な汚染、動画で明らかに	Video reveals tourist hotspot as heavily polluted
毎年オーストラリア経済に210億9千万ドルをもたらすシドニーの観光資源の中でも、シドニーハーバーは、オペラハウス、サーキュラー・キー、ルナパーク、そしてかの有名なハーバーブリッジを擁する最大の稼ぎ頭だ。	Surrounded by the Opera House, Circular Quay, Luna Park and of course the iconic Harbour Bridge, Sydney Harbour is the major contributor to the $21.9 billion Sydney tourism pumps into Australia's economy each year.
しかし、橋の下には醜い真実がある。	But beneath the bridge lies an ugly truth.
シドニーの有名な港は、毎年オリンピック用プール約15杯分の汚染物質が流れ込むオーストラリア最悪の水路の一つなのだ。	Sydney's famous harbour is one of the most polluted waterways in the country, receiving around 15 Olympic-size swimming pools of pollutants each year.
恐るべきこの統計のおかげで、我々最大の目玉観光地の一つは、最も汚い場所の一つとも言えるわけだ。	This horrific statistic makes one of our greatest tourism drawcards also one of our dirtiest.
シドニーハーバー上から下まで、というタイトルの新動画によるとオーストラリアで最も人気の都市周辺の水路には、吸い殻、ビニール袋やペットボトル、誰かがなくした靴や洋服、さらには動物の死骸までもが多く流れている - すべては路面を流れた雨水によってシドニーハーバーに流入している。	According to a new video, titled Sydney Harbour Above and Below, the waters around Australia's most popular city is filled with cigarette butts, plastic bags and bottles, lost shoes and clothing and even dead animals - all coming into the harbour from stormwater run-off.
中でも水路を詰まらせる最大の要因はプラスチックだ。	But the biggest component choking our waterways is plastic.
偶然にも世界観光の日9月27日に公開された動画で、シドニーハーバー研究プログラムの副総長キャサリン・ダフォーン博士は「これはパラドックスと言えます。」と語る。	"I would call it a paradox," Dr Katherine Dafforn, deputy director of the Sydney Harbour Research Program said in the video, which was released to coincide with World Tourism Day on September 27.
見た目は確かに美しいのですが、我が国の海岸線の中でもかなり改変されて汚染された河口の一つです。	It does look beautiful, but it is one of the more modified and polluted estuaries along our coastline.
CSIROによると、毎時1560キログラムのプラスチックが水路に流れ込むとみられており、そのほとんどは雨水排水路経由でシドニーハーバーに流入している。	The CSIRO estimates around 1560kg of plastic enters our waterways each hour, most of it coming into the harbour through stormwater drains.
「酷い大雨が何度か降ったのですが、そのあとのシドニーハーバーは・・・かなり悲劇的でした、」とダフォーン博士。	"After we have some of these really big rainfall events, the harbour ... it's quite tragic," Dr Dafforn said.
汚染の3分の2は路面を流れた雨水から流入している。	Two thirds of our pollution comes from stormwater run-off.
だが氷山の一角のようなもので、このシドニーハーバーの水面下には、海洋に流れ込んだプラスチックの70パーセントは海底に堆積する、というもっと大きな問題が隠されている。	But like an iceberg, the problem on Sydney's harbour is far bigger below the surface, with the seabed receiving 70 per cent of plastics that enter the ocean.
「実際に海面下に行かないと、そこに何があるか真実はなかなかわからないと思いますが、」と、自身とそのチームだけで毎年約500キログラムのプラスチックごみを回収するというダイブセンター・マンリー、オーナーのリチャード・ニコルス氏は語った。	"Unless you spend time under the water, I don't think you get a true appreciation of what is below there," Richard Nicholls, owner of Dive Centre Manly said, noting he and his team pull out around 500kg of plastic on their own each year.
もっと（水面下に何があるのか）多くの人が知れば、皆本当にぞっとすると思います。	I think if more people knew (what was under the water) they would just be horrified.
圧倒的ですが・・我々が発見する物全体の半分以上はビニール袋です。	Overwhelmingly ... over half of everything we find is plastic bags.
残り半分も少なくともどこかにプラスチックが使われています。	The other 50 per cent is at least made out of plastic.
シドニーハーバーは一見すると美しく、すぐ水面下にこのすべてのプラスチックやごみが流れてきていることは誰にも信じられない。	When you look at the harbour it looks beautiful, and people can't believe that we get all of this plastic and all of this rubbish just under the surface.
オーシャン・プロテクトの創業者の一人であり取締役であるジェレミー・ブラウン氏は、水路に流入するプラスチックやごみを少しでも減らすべく、地元住民にも観光客などにもできることがあると語った。	Jeremy Brown, co-founder and managing director of the Ocean Protect, said there were ways people - both locals and visitors alike - could help to ease the amount of plastic and debris entering our waterways.
「発生源から始めるべきです、」と彼は語る	"It has to start at the source," he said.
プラスチックの使用量を減らす、もっとうまくリサイクルする、また、最終的には海に流れ着きますから、排水口に何を流しているのかについてもっと意識を向けなくてはなりません。	We have to reduce the amount of plastic that we are using, recycle better and be more conscious about what is going down our drains which ultimately ends up in our oceans.
私たちが吸い込む酸素の50パーセントは海洋から来ますから、海洋を痛めつけることは自分たちを殺すことになるんです。	If we ruin the ocean, we are going to kill ourselves because 50 per cent of the oxygen we breathe in comes from the ocean.
海洋は二酸化炭素の30パーセントを吸収していますし、食料源です。	It absorbs 30 per cent of carbon dioxide and our food source.
しかし、私たちはシドニーハーバーを修復して昔の姿に戻せますが、とても単純なことです。	But we can fix this harbour and bring it back to where it was, but it's pretty simple.
海を殺すのは、人間を殺すということなんです。	If we kill our oceans, we kill ourselves.
オーストラリア国民に環境保護と、得てして自然環境にとどまる飲料容器がもたらす影響の削減について広く知ってもらう活動の一環としてリサイクル会社のTOMRAが資金を提供したこの動画の公開と偶然時を同じくして今月、プラスチックとメンタルヘルスについての新たな研究結果も発表された。	The video, which was funded by recycling company TOMRA as part of their broader efforts to educate Australians on protecting the environment and reducing the impact of drink containers that can often end up in nature, coincides with a study about plastic and mental health that was also released this month.
新たな調査によると、12歳から18歳までの546人の子供のうち、82パーセントがプラスチックごみについて絶望感を持っており、25パーセントは使い捨てプラスチックごみ問題は大人のせいだと考えている。	A new survey of 546 children aged 12 to 18 years found 82 per cent felt hopeless about plastic waste and 25 per cent blamed adults for the single-use plastic waste problem.
同研究ではまた、親にとってもプラスチックごみ問題は懸念事項第4位にランクインし、調査した551人中93パーセントの親が、海洋に流入するプラスチックごみの量について益々不安を感じていると述べた。	The study revealed plastic waste was also the fourth biggest concern for parents, with 93 per cent of 551 parents surveyed saying they are increasingly worried about the level of plastic waste entering the oceans.
研究参加者の大部分はプラスチックごみについて何かしたいと述べたが、変えるためにどうすればよいかが分からず、それがエコ不安症につながっていた。	Many who took part in the study said they wanted to do something about plastic waste but just didn't know how to make a difference, which was leading to eco-anxiety.
旧唐津発電所、10月から煙突解体｜行政・社会｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Chimneys of the former Karatsu power station to be dismantled in October | Politics and Society | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
１０月から解体工事が始まる旧唐津発電所の煙突＝唐津市二タ子	The chimneys of the former Karatsu power station, Futago, Karatsu, due to be dismantled starting in October
九州電力は２６日、唐津市二タ子にある旧唐津発電所（石油火力）の煙突の解体を１０月から始めると発表した。	Kyushu Electric Power announced on the 26th that it will begin dismantling the chimneys of the former Karatsu power plant (petrothermal) in Futago, Karatsu, in October.
２０２１年３月末までに工事を終える見込み。	The dismantling work is expected to be finished before the end of March 2021.
解体するのは、発電時のガスを排出するために使われていた２本で、約１８０メートルの高さがある。	The two chimneys to be dismantled both stand around 180m high, and were used to discharge gas when the plant was in operation.
元は３本で、１本は老朽化などで１９９１年に撤去された。	Originally, there were three, but one was demolished in 1991 due to dilapidation.
煙突は１本ずつ、タワークレーンで上から分割して解体する。	The chimneys will be taken down one at a time, using a tower crane to take them apart from the top down.
計画では、それぞれの分解に９カ月かけ、計１８カ月を要する。	According to the plans for the project, the dismantling will take nine months per chimney, a total of 18 months.
残るタービン建屋やボイラーを取り壊す時期は未定。	The schedule for demolishing the remaining turbine hall and boiler has yet to be decided.
惜しむ声もあり、近くで飲食店を営む６０代の男性は「遠出から戻って煙突を見ると、唐津に帰ってきた気持ちにさせてくれたシンボルのようなもの。なくなるとさみしかね」と話した。	Some people have expressed regret at the dismantling, with a man in his 60s who runs a restaurant nearby saying, "When I return from a long trip and see the chimneys, they're like a symbol that makes me feel like I'm back in Karatsu. I'll be sad to see them go."
旧唐津発電所は１９６７年に運転を始め、１号機は８９年に、２、３号機は２０１５年に廃止が決まった。	The Karatsu power plant started operation in 1967, with the unit 1 combustion chamber being abolished in 1989, and the unit 2 and 3 chambers following in 2015.
唐津東港の一角に位置し、約２２万５千平方メートルの敷地面積がある。	It occupies a site approximately 225,000m族 in area in one part of Karatsu Higashi Port.
県ヨットハーバーやＪＲ西唐津駅が近くにあるため、県や市は跡地活用を望んでいる。	Both the prefectural yacht harbour and JR Nishi-Karatsu Station are located nearby, so the prefecture and city hope to be able to make use of the site.
九電を加えた３者で、１５年に跡地活用に関する協定を締結している。	The city, prefecture and Kyushu Electric Power signed an agreement in 2015 over how the site is to be used.
地元の魚で商品開発 尾鷲高 フィッシュナゲットなど販売 三重 - 伊勢新聞	Pupils at Owase High School, Mie, develop and sell products such as fish nuggets using local fish - Ise Newspaper
【フィッシュナゲットとタイの炊き込みごはんをＰＲする生徒たち＝尾鷲市古戸野町の尾鷲高校で】	[Pupils promoting their fish nuggets and rice cooked with bream, at Owase High School, Kodono-cho, Owase]
【尾鷲】三重県尾鷲市古戸野町の県立尾鷲高校情報ビジネス科の３年生４人が、地元で水揚げされる魚を使ってフィッシュナゲットとタイの炊き込みごはんを開発した。	[Owase] Four third-year pupils studying IT business at Owase Prefectural High School in Kodono-cho, Owase, Mie Prefecture, have developed fish nuggets and rice cooked with bream using locally caught fish.
26日に同校であった文化祭で販売した。	They went on to sell them at the school's culture festival on the 26th.
東紀州地域の地場産業である水産業や林業などの活性化に取り組む、三重大学東紀州サテライト高大連携事業の一環。	Their efforts form part of Mie University's East Kishu Satellite High School and University Collaboration Project, which is working to revitalize local industries in the East Kishu region, such as fishing and forestry.
開発した商品は、熊野灘で捕れるムツのすり身を使ったフィッシュナゲットと、尾鷲産の養殖ダイを使った炊き込みごはん。	The products they developed are fish nuggets that use minced gnomefish caught in the Kumano Sea and rice cooked with cultured bream from Owase.
若者をターゲットにしたという。	The pupils said they had young target audiences in mind.
フィッシュナゲットは、豆腐を加えたものと、豆腐と尾鷲特産のガスエビを加えた３種類を開発。	They prepared three kinds of fish nuggets, including one kind with added tofu, and one kind made with tofu and greasyback prawns from Owase.
熊野漁協が協力し、熊野市遊木町の加工場ですり身にしている。	They had the cooperation of the Kumano Fisheries Cooperative, which prepared the minced fish in one of their processing plants in Yuki-cho, Kumano.
タイの炊き込みごはんは、シイタケ、ニンジンを混ぜ合わせた。	The rice cooked with bream was mixed with shitake mushrooms and carrot.
尾鷲市林町の水産会社「尾鷲物産」直営の「おわせお魚いちばおとと 」 （ 同市古戸野町）が調理を担当している。	The cooking was overseen by Owase Fish Market Ototo (Kodono-cho, Owase), which is directly managed by Owase Produce, a fishery in Hayashi-machi, Owase.
授業は６月から始まった。	The class began back in June.
尾鷲物産の工場などを見学し、水産業について理解を深めた。	During this time, there were visits to factories that process produce from Owase, and understanding of the fishing industry was deepened.
ワークショップでは消費者のニーズについて話し合ったり試作品を試食したりした。	In workshops, they discussed consumer needs and tried sample food products.
アジを使ったナゲットも考案したが、アジは魚特有の臭みがあったため、ムツを採用した。	Originally, nuggets with horse mackerel were considered, but eventually gnomefish was used because horse mackerel had a particular fish smell.
山口真毅（まさき）さん (17) は「魚が苦手な人でも食べられる商品。たくさんの方に食べてもらえたらうれしい」と話した。	Yamaguchi Masaki (17) says, "We made a product that even people who don't like fish can enjoy. I'd be really glad if many people come and eat it."
商品を販売してもらえるように、市内の観光施設と交渉しているという。	They are currently in discussions with local tourist facilities to have them sell their products.
愛のある叱咤激励があったからこそ、 今の自分がいる（CBCテレビ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	I am where I am because of all the pep talks and encouragement (CBC TV) Yahoo!News
今回は、フリーアナウンサーでCBCテレビ「チャント ！ 」の月曜コメンテーター高橋真麻がお師匠さんについて語った。	In this interview, a freelance presenter and a commentator on Mondays on "Chanto!" on CBC TV, Takahashi Maasa discussed her mentor.
腐りかけていた自分を救ってくれた師匠の助言	Mentor's advice that was a lifesaver in the worst of times
私にとって俳優の高橋英樹は、父親を超えて、師匠のような存在だと思っています。	To me, the actor Takahashi Hideki was like a mentor to me, beyond being my father.
同じ業界でありながら、父は俳優で私はアナウンサー。	Even though we were in the same industry, my father is an actor, and I am a presenter.
やっていることは違いますが、業界内での頑張り方や心得、さらに、社会人として、人として大切なことを教えてくれたのは父です。	Although our jobs are different, it was my father who showed me the work ethic and the rules in the industry and what is important as a member of society and a person.
120％の努力をしてようやくテレビ局のアナウンサーになれたのに、コネだとかブサイクだと言われて叩かれ、とても傷ついたとき、父は「だったら"コネだと思ってたけどそうじゃなかった。真麻は実力で入ったんだね"って言われるぐらいがんばれ」という言葉をくれました。	When I was devastated after being called "nepotism hire" and "ugly", even though I gave my 120% to get hired as a presenter for a TV station, my father told me to "work hard enough so people will say that 'although nepotism was assumed, that wasn't the case and Maasa got the job because of her ability'".
その後、入社2～3年目の頃 、 「 空いている女子アナなら誰でもいい」という仕事ばかりで、やりたい仕事がまわってこなくてモチベーションが上がらず、心が腐りかけていたときも 、 「 誰がやってもいい仕事こそ一生懸命やりなさい。そうすれば"誰でもいいと思ってお願いしたけど、真麻に担当してもらって良かった。次は真麻を指名しよう"ってなるから」と言ってくれたことで気持ちが切り替わり、これまで以上に一生懸命仕事に取り組むようになって、少しずつ好転していきました。	2-3 years into my job, when I had a hard time keeping my motivation up and was very discouraged because all the jobs I was assigned to were "for any unassigned female announcer", and I could not get the jobs I wanted to do, my father told me to "especially work hard on jobs that anyone could do, that way it will change to "even though it could have been anyone, It was great having Maasa do it, let's ask for her next time'", and I was able to change my mindset and I worked even harder, slowly leading to a positive change.
父の演じる姿から自然に学んだニュース読みの「間」	Naturally learning "pause" in news reading through father's acting
私がニュースを読む姿を観たことがない人は多いかもしれませんが、実はテレビ局に入社してからBSや報道番組のナレーションでずっとニュースに触れてきています。	A lot of people might have not seen me read the news, but I have actually always been around news as a narrator for BS and news programming ever since I started at the TV station.
アナウンサーの個性やセンスは、ニュース原稿を読むときにも出るものだと私は思っていて、マツコ・デラックスさんが「真麻のニュース読みは上手い」と評価してくださったことがあり、うれしかったですし、自信にもつながりました。	I believe a newscaster's personality and taste also show when reading news articles, and Matsuko Deluxe has praised me saying "Maasa's news reading is very skillful," which made me really happy and boosted my confidence.
ニュースを読むときに、私が大事だな、センスだなと感じるのは 、 「 間」です。	When reading news, I think "pause" is what dictates importance and flair.
句読点や行間の息の取り方、間合いは、幼少期に父の舞台、映画、テレビ、時代劇を観てきたことで培ってきたものです。	I learned from a young age watching my father on stage, in movies, in TV shows and in historical dramas, how to take a breath at punctuations and between sentences as well as when to pause.
もっと言えば、バラエティー番組での所作や対応の仕方も、幼少期のいろんな経験が生きているから、それも父のおかげだと思っています。	To elaborate, I attribute my ability to present myself and respond accordingly at variety shows to many enriching experiences as a child thanks to my father.
組踊３００年の歴史触れる／教育普及事業 ｜ 宮古毎日新聞社ホームページ -宮古島の最新ニュースが満載！	A look at the 300-year history of Kumi-odori Dance / education program to spread knowledge | Miyako Mainichi Newspaper Online - Packed with the latest news from Miyakojima!
鏡原中でワークショップ	A workshop at Kyohara Junior High School
組踊で演奏される５楽器の役割や効果などについて紹介されたワークショップ＝26日、鏡原中学校	Kyohara Junior High School, 26th : A workshop introducing pupils to the roles and effects of the five musical instruments played in a Kumi-odori Dance performance
２０１９年度「組踊等教育普及事業」による組踊ワークショップ（主催・県教育委員会教育庁）が26日、鏡原中学校で行われた。	A Kumi-odori Dance workshop (organized by the Prefectural Board of Education), part of the 2019 Kumi-odori Dance Education Program, was held at Kyohara Junior High School on the 26th.
全校生徒が参加し、組踊の３００年の歴史や誕生のきっかけのほか、演奏される楽器の音響効果や活用方法について学んだ。	Pupils from all grades attended, and learned about the dance's origins and 300-year history, as well as the sound effects of the various musical instruments and how they are employed in performance.
ワークショップでは、県立芸術大学琉球芸能専攻ＯＢ会のメンバーが、三線、箏、太鼓、胡弓（こきゅう ） 、 笛を演奏しながら、組踊におけるそれぞれの楽器が果たす役割について紹介した。	Members of the Alumni Club who majored in Ryukyuan Performing Arts at Okinawa Prefectural University of Arts came to the workshop and demonstrated through performance the roles that the sanshin, koto, taiko, kokyu and flute play in the dance.
司会は、宮古島市出身で同ＯＢ会の川満香多さんが務め、組踊の魅力について紹介した。	Leading the workshop was Kawamitsu Kota, a member of the Alumni Club who hails from Miyakojima, who explained the charms of the Kumi-odori Dance.
今回のワークショップでは、組踊の三つの構成要素（音楽、唱え、琉球舞踊）のうち 、 「 音楽」を取り上げて５種類の楽器がどの様に舞踊の中で表現されているかについて学んだ。	Three elements make up the dance (music, singing and Ryukyuan dance), and this workshop focused on the element of music, giving the pupils a chance to learn what kind of things the five types of instruments express during the dance.
三線については、歌と一緒に登場人物の心の動きや感情表現する要素となっていること、胡弓は、歌や三線の旋律を演奏で追いながら引き立てていることが説明された。	For instance, it was explained how the sanshin is a component that expresses the thoughts and emotions of the characters along with the song, whereas the kokyu follows and complements the melody of the song and the sanshin.
後半は、生徒たちが実際に楽器に触れてその音色を体感するとともに、楽器としての魅力を感じていた。	In the second half, pupils were given the opportunity to actually touch the instruments, experience their tone, and appreciate their beauty as musical instruments.
この取り組みは、楽器を通して「琉球古典音楽」に親しみを持ち、さらに「組踊」について多くの生徒に関心を持ってもらうことを目的に実施されており、宮古では今回が初めてとなる。	This program is run with the aim of familiarising pupils with classical Ryukyuan music through musical instruments and getting them interested in Kumi-odori Dance; this is the first time the workshop was held in Miyako.
ima「台湾 巣立つ前の大仕事2019 日本人も携わっためっちゃくちゃ楽しくて泣けた卒業式 その1」｜WEB TOKACHI KACHIMAI－十勝毎日新聞社グループ	ima: "Taiwan, one last big event before flying the coop 2019 A graduation ceremony that was so fun it left people in tears, where Japanese people were also involved (part 1)" | WEB TOKACHI KACHIMAI - Tokachi Mainichi Newspaper Group
ima「台湾 巣立つ前の大仕事2019 日本人も携わっためっちゃくちゃ楽しくて泣けた卒業式 その1」	ima: "Taiwan, one last big event before flying the coop 2019 A graduation ceremony that was so fun it left people in tears, where Japanese people were also involved (part 1)"
世界のニュースをお届けするima 毎日更新。	ima: updating daily to bring you world news.
今日のニュースをご紹介します。	Today's top stories.
・台湾 巣立つ前の大仕事2019 日本人も携わっためっちゃくちゃ楽しくて泣けた卒業式 その1	- Taiwan, one last big event before flying the coop 2019 A graduation ceremony that was so fun it left people in tears, where Japanese people were also involved (part 1)
ガーナ：カネシのトレーダーがアクラ精神病院を支援	Ghana: Kaneshie Traders Support Accra Psychiatric Hospital
カネシ市場協会のメンバーらが昨日、アクラで行われた略式式典において、30,000セディ相当の食料品をアクラ精神病院に寄付した。	Members of the Kaneshie Market Association, yesterday donated food items worth GH¢ 30,000 to the Accra Psychiatric Hospital, at a short ceremony in Accra.
これは、カネシ市場複合施設４０周年式典活動の一環である。	It forms part of activities marking the 40th anniversary celebration of the Kaneshie Markets Complex.
各種食品、果物、清涼飲料、ビスケット、衣類、ヤムイモ、プランテインバナナ、キャッサバ、袋入りの水などが寄付された。	The donation included assorted foods, fruits, soft drinks, biscuits, clothing, yam, plantain, cassava, as well as bags of water among others.
メンバーらは、訪問の一環として、病院の患者と言葉を交わすなどもした。	The group also interacted with some of the patients at the facility as part of their visit.
アクラマーケット社の経営陣、協会幹部、皇太后らが出席した。	In attendance was some management staff of the Accra Markets Limited, executives of the association as well as some queen mothers.
グレーター・アクラ州市場の女性協会のマダム・マーシー・ナー・ニージャン会長は、今回の寄付は、協会が社会責任履行としている定期的な慈善活動の一部であると述べた。	Presenting the items, Madam Mercy Naa Afrowa Needjan, president of the Greater Accra Regional Market Women Association, said the donation was part of the group's regular charity activities in fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility.
同会長は、同病院の患者が愛されている、社会の一員であると感じてもらえるよう介護支援が必要であると指摘した。	She noted that there was the need to support the caretaking of patients at the facility to make them feel loved and part of society.
マダム・ニージャンは、協会の当病院への支援を約束し、他の団体もこうした行為に追随するよう呼びかけた。	Madam Needjan, pledged the association's support to the hospital and called on other associations to emulate the gesture.
寄付を受けるにあたり、病院理事のピナマン・アパウ医師は協会の支援を称え、寄付品を患者のために十分に活用すると約束した。	Receiving the items, Dr Pinnaman Appau, director at the hospital, lauded the association for the support and promised that they would be put to good use to the benefit of the patients.
同理事は、他の団体に対しても病院への支援を呼びかけた。	She appealed to other organisations to also support the hospital.
10年ぶりに世界ラリー選手権（WRC）が日本で2020年11月開催決定！	World Rally Championship (WRC) will be back in Japan in November, 2020 after 10 years!
愛知・岐阜で本州初開催（くるまのニュース ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Held for the first time in Aichi, Gifu in Honshu (Car News) - Yahoo! News
世界ラリー選手権 (WRC) が2020年11月に 日本で開催決定	World Rally Championship (WRC) will be held in Japan in November in 2020.
国際自動車連盟（FIA）は 、 「 FIA世界ラリー選手権（WRC）日本ラウンド」を2020年11月22日に、愛知県・岐阜県で開催すると2019年9月27日に発表しました。	On September 27th, 2019, Federation Internationale de Automobile (FIA) announced that "FIA World Rally Championship (WRC) Japan round" will be held on November 22nd, 2020, in Aichi and Gifu.
過去のWRC世界ラリー選手権を画像で振り返る！	Review the past WRC World Rally Championship with pictures!
（18枚）	(18 pictures)
日本での開催は、2010年に北海道で開催されたのを最後におこなわれていませんでした。	The event has not been held in Japan since it was last held in Hokkaido in 2010.
2020年に復活するWRCとはどのようなものなのでしょうか。	What will WRC be like when it returns in 2020?
WRC世界ラリー選手権とは、フォーミュラワン（F1）や、世界耐久選手権（WEC）などと並び、国際自動車連盟（FIA) が 管轄する4つの世界選手権のうちのひとつです。	WRC World Rally Championship is one of the 4 world championships organized by Federation Internationale de Automobile (FIA) along with Formula 1 (F1) and World Endurance Championship (WEC.)
1973年以来、毎年開催され歴史と伝統を誇る世界最高峰のラリー選手権となり、競技は閉鎖された公道（舗装路）のみならず、砂利道や雪道などさまざまな路面を高速で走行するため、もっとも過酷な自動車競技選手権といわれています。	Since 1973, it has been held every year and has become the world's foremost rally championship for its history and tradition, and considered the toughest car race due to the fact it has been held not only on public roads (paved) but also on roads in various conditions such as gravel and snow.
2018年シーズンでは、トヨタが復帰2シーズン目にして1999年以来のWRCマニュファクチャラーズタイトルを獲得し、大きな話題となりました。	In 2018 season, Toyota gained attention by winning the WRC manufacturer's title in their second season after their return.
今回、悲願の日本開催に向けて日本ラウンド招致準備委員会を発足。	This time, Japan Round Invitation Preparation Committee was formed in hopes of hosting the sought after race.
その結果、国際自動車連盟（FIA）の最高議決機関である世界モータースポーツ評議会にて、2020年のWRC日本ラウンドが開催されることが決まりました。	As a result, 2020 WRC Japan round was confirmed at World Motorsports Council, the highest legislative body of the federation internationale de automobile (FIA.)
日本ラウンド開催について、愛知県・岐阜県の両知事やTOYOTA GAZOO Racing WRT 総代表 豊田章男氏（トヨタ自動車代表取締役社長 ） 、 は、次のように話しています。	Governors of Aichi prefecture and Gifu prefecture as well as Toyota Gazoo Racing WRT president, Toyota Akio's (President of Toyota Motor Corporation) commented as follows.
●愛知県知事 大村秀章氏	The governor of Aichi prefecture Mr. Omura Hideaki
「FIA世界ラリー選手権（WRC）の2020年日本開催を心から歓迎します。日本を代表するモータースポーツの中心地として、世界に大きくアピールする大会にしていけるよう、関係者と協力し、2020年秋の大会の成功に向けて全力で取り組んでまいります」	"I wholeheartedly welcome 2020 FIA World Rally Championship (WRC) being hosted in Japan. As the representative of the center of Japanese motorsports and to represent ourselves as best as we can, along with the people who are involved, I will do my best for the success of race in fall of 2020.
●岐阜県知事 古田肇氏	The governor of Gifu prefecture Mr. Furuta Hajime
「東京オリンピック・パラリンピック競技大会が開催される2020年に、FIA世界ラリー選手権の日本ラウンドが、ここ『清流の国ぎふ』で開催されますことを大変喜ばしく思います。本県にとって初めての世界的なモータースポーツの大会であり、いまから大いに楽しみにしているところです。皆さまのお越しをお待ちしております」	"I feel very honored to host FIA World Rally Championship Japan round, here in "land of clear streams Gifu, " in 2020, the same year Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics will be held. This will be the first international motorsports championship for our prefecture, and I am really excited about it. I look forward to having many visitors.
●TOYOTA GAZOO Racing WRT 総代表 豊田章男氏（トヨタ自動車代表取締役社長）	Toyota Gazoo Racing WRT President Mr. Toyota Akio (President of Toyota Motor Corporation)
「日本でヤリスWRCを走らせられること、とても嬉しく思います。	"I am excited to have Yaris WRC run in Japan.
ファンの皆さまも応援をよろしくお願いいたします」	Fans, please cheer for us."
また、日本ラウンドの開催については、モータースポーツ振興議員連盟会長 古屋圭司氏など多くの関係者がコメントをしています。	Many people in the industry, such as Mr. Furuya Keiji, president of Motorsports promotion organization, have commented on the hosting of Japan round as well.
WRC世界ラリー選手権の日本ラウンドは、2020年11月19日から22日まで開催されます。	WRC World Rally Championship Japan Round will be held from November 19 to 22nd, 2020.
エリアは、愛知県内（名古屋市・岡崎市・豊田市・新城市・長久手市・設楽町）および岐阜県内（中津川市・恵那市）の公道です。	The area will be the public roads in Aichi prefecture (Nagoya city, Okazaki city, Toyota city, Shinshiro city, Nagakute city, Shitara Town) and in Gifu prefecture (Nakatsugawa city and Ena city.)
メイン会場には、2005年日本国際博覧会の跡地に開設された「愛 ・地球博記念公園（長久手市：通称モリコロパーク ） 」 を使用することが発表されています。	It was announced that "Ai, Chikyu haku Memorial Park (Nagakute city: AKA Morikoro park)" which was built at the site of Japan World Expo in 2005, will be used as the main venue.
また、日本ラウンド招致準備委員会は 、 「 東京モーターショー2019」の会場にて、開催決定会見をおこなうほか、2019年11月9日、10日には、テストイベントとなる「Central Rally Aichi／Gifu 2019」の実施を予定しています。	In addition, Japan Round Invitation Preparation Committee plans to hold a host confirmation press conference at the site of "Tokyo Motor Show 2019" as well as holding a test event in "Central Rally Aichi/Gifu" on November 9th and 10th, 2019.
ガン治療にタスマニアデビルがカギとなるか	Tasmanian devils may hold clues to curing cancer
タスマニアデビルがガン治療のカギを握っているかもしれないー研究者が患者治療に大改革をもたらす可能性のある突破口を開いている。	Tasmanian devils may hold the key to curing cancer - as researchers find a breakthrough which could revolutionise treatment for sufferers
医療研究者らが、一部のガン細胞がどのようにカモフラージュするのか突き止めた。	Medical researchers found how some cancer cells can camouflage themselves
研究者らはタスマニアデビルとヒトで同じプロセスが起きることを発見した。	Researchers found the same process happens in Tasmanian Devils and humans
この発見で、ガン患者治療に新たな方法が生まれるのではと期待がかかっている。	The discovery is hoped to provide new methods to treat cancer patients
タスマニアデビルとヒトとの共通点は何か？	What do Tasmanian devils and humans have in common?
それは、見えなくなるガン細胞である。	Cancer cells that can turn invisible.
メルボルンにあるピーター・マッカラム癌センターの研究員を含む研究チームは、免疫療法に反応しないガンがある場合、そのガンに対する治療法を大きく変える可能性がある大発見をした。	Researchers, including from Melbourne's Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, have found a breakthrough which could help revolutionise treatment for some cancers if they do not respond to immunotherapy.
絶滅寸前のタスマニアデビルの将来を脅かす致死性の高い顔面腫瘍に取り組む鍵を握っている可能性もある。	It may also hold the key to tackling deadly facial tumours threatening the future of the endangered Tasmanian devil.
この研究では、ヒトと有袋類にある一部のガン細胞が、PRC2と呼ばれる一連のタンパク質を使いカムフラージュするためマーカーが反応しなくなり、免疫システムがガンを攻撃しなくなってしまうことを突き止めた。	The study tracked the way some cancer cells in both humans and the marsupial camouflage themselves using a group of proteins known as PRC2, switching off a marker which would otherwise alert the immune system to attack the cancer.
これは、小細胞肺ガン、神経芽細胞腫、メルケル細胞と呼ばれる皮膚ガンの一種の治療にとって大きな課題となる。	This can be a major challenge in treating small-cell lung cancer, neuroblastoma and a type of skin cancer known as Merkel cell.
ピーターマッカラムの研究者マーク・ドーソン教授は「このプロジェクトで非常に重要なのは、免疫治療法に耐性を示すことがある患者にとって、私たちがそのプロセスを逆転させることができるかもしれないということだ」とAAPに語った。	'The huge significance from this project is that (in) patients who sometimes become resistant to immunotherapies, we might be able to reverse that process,' lead Peter Mac researcher Mark Dawson told AAP.
従来の治療法を再利用し、マーカー、つまりMHCとして知られるタンパク質を再び活性化させ、免疫システムがガン細胞を識別できるようになるかもしれない。	Existing treatments could be repurposed to switch back on the markers, proteins known as MHC, allowing the immune system to recognise the cancer cells.
「肺ガン患者にとってかなり大きな影響がある可能性がある」とドーソン教授は述べた。	'Potentially, this has far-reaching implications for people with lung cancer,' Prof Dawson said.
「肺ガンは世界に蔓延している疾患である。	'It's one of the most prevalent diseases across the globe.
そして、はるかに優れた方法で治療ができるかもしれない。	And we may be able to treat this in a far better way.
研究者は、この発見が最終的に、同じようにガン細胞が検知を逃れるケースが起きているタスマニアデビルの顔面腫瘍の治療にも利用されることを期待している。	Researchers also hope the discovery could eventually be used against Tasmanian devil facial tumours, where cancer cells avoid detection in the same way.
「驚くべきことに、（ヒトとタスマニアデビルのガンに）まったく同じプロセスが起こる」とドーソン教授。	'Remarkably, exactly the same process happens (in human and Tasmanian devil cancers),' Prof Dawson said.
「これまで、タスマニアデビルの腫瘍を治療するのは非常にむずかしかった。	'Thus far it's been very difficult to treat the Tasmanian devil tumours.
しかし、ヒトに効果がある薬がタスマニアデビルに使えるとしたら、腫瘍のコントロールに役立つ可能性があるかもしれない。」	But if the drugs that work in humans can also be used in Tasmanian devils, there is a possibility that this may help with the control of the disease.'
極小の星を周回する巨大な惑星に科学者らも困惑	Scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star
科学者たちは地球から30光年の距離に、赤色矮星と呼ばれる小型の恒星の周りを巨大な木星型の惑星が周回するという、惑星形成についての現在の理解を覆す太陽系を発見し、驚きをみせている。	Scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 light-years away from Earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large Jupiter-like planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf.
2019年9月26日、巨大ガス惑星GJ3512bがその主星となる赤色矮星の周りを回っている芸術的な画像が公開された。	An artistic impression of the gas giant planet GJ 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on September 26, 2019.
恒星というのは通常、その周りを周回する最大の惑星よりもかなり大きいものです。	Stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them.
しかしこのケースでは、恒星と惑星の大きさには大して違いはないのです、と木曜日に研究者らは語った。	But in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on Thursday.
GJ3512と呼ばれているその恒星は太陽の約12％ほどの大きさだが、その周りを周回する惑星は、我々の太陽系最大の惑星である木星の少なくともおよそ半分の質量を持つ。	The star, called GJ 3512, is about 12% the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of Jupiter, our solar system's largest planet.
「そう、それはもう驚きです。」科学誌サイエンスに発表されたこの研究を主導した、スペイン宇宙科学研究所にあるカタルーニャ宇宙研究所の天体物理学者、フアン・カルロス・モラレスは述べた。	"Yes, an absolute surprise," said astrophysicist Juan Carlos Morales of the Institute of Space Studies of Catalonia at the Institute of Space Sciences in Spain, who led the research published in the journal Science.
理論的な形成モデルが示すのは、通常低質量の恒星は、地球や小型の海王星に似た小さな惑星の主星になるということなので、この発見は驚きでした。	The discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that low-mass stars typically host small planets, similar to Earth or small Neptunes.
このケースでは木星に似た巨大ガス惑星を、とても小さな恒星の周りに発見しました。」とモラレス氏は付け加えた。	In this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to Jupiter around a very small star," Morales added.
木星のように主にガスで構成されているその惑星は、スペインのカラーアルト天文台の望遠鏡を使って発見された。	The planet, which like Jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the Calar Alto Observatory in Spain.
その惑星は恒星の周りをきつい楕円軌道を描きながら204日かけて一周する。	It travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days.
赤色矮星は小型で表面温度も比較的低めです。	Red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures.
GJ3512は、我々の太陽よりかなり小さいだけでなく、巨大惑星とほぼ同程度の大きさで、木星よりおよそ35%ほど大きいだけです。	GJ 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35% bigger than Jupiter.
放出エネルギーが小さいため太陽よりも暗く、表面温度も約3800(度)ケルビン (華氏6380度/摂氏3527度)程度とかなり低いのです。	They emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 (degrees) Kelvin (6,380 degrees Fahrenheit/3,527 Celsius) approximately.
だから赤っぽい色をしているのです。」とモラレス氏。	This is why they have a reddish color," Morales said.
二つ目の惑星が恒星を現在周回しているという形跡がある一方で、三つ目の惑星も過去にその恒星系から放出された可能性があり、その木星型惑星の楕円周回軌道の説明がつく、とモラレス氏は述べた。	There is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the Jupiter-like planet, Morales said.
惑星というのは自身が周回する恒星を生み出した星間ガスや塵から成る同じ円盤から生成される。	Planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit.
「コア集積」モデルと呼ばれる最も有力な惑星形成モデルでは、物体が円盤内にある固形粒子から生じ、その惑星の卵が作り出す引力によって周囲の気体が大気になっていく。	Under the leading model for planetary formation, called the "core accretion" model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas.
自己重力不安定モデルと呼ばれる対立モデルを使えばこの珍しい惑星系の説明がつくかもしれない。	A competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system.
「この場合だと、生まれたばかりの星を取り巻く原始惑星系円盤は、考えられていたよりも少し大きく、温度が低かったのかもしれません。」とモラレス氏。	"In this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold," Morales said.
この状態だと円盤が不安定になるので、いくつか密度の高い領域も出現する可能性があります。	This makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear.
これらの塊は崩壊するまで成長することがあり、惑星を形成するのです。	These clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet.
デリ従業員、覚醒剤混入の豆ディップを同僚に食べさせ起訴	Deli Worker Accused Of Giving Meth-Laced Bean Dip To Co-Worker
マリオン郡保安官事務所 カサンドラ・メディナ・ヘルナンデス（３８）は、覚醒剤を入れた豆のディップを同僚に食べさせたとして告訴されている。	Marion County Sheriff's Office Cassandra Medina-Hernandez, 38, is accused of giving meth-laced bean dip to a co-worker.
木曜、オールバニのカサンドラ・アニ・メディナ・ヘルナンデス（３８）は、B級重罪にあたるメタンフェタミン引譲渡及び規制薬物を他人に摂取させた疑いで告発された。	On Thursday, 38-year-old Cassandra Ani Medina-Hernandez, of Albany, was charged with delivery of methamphetamine and causing another person to ingest a controlled substance, both Class B felonies.
容疑は、9月9日にジェファーソン郡にあるスリフトウェイ食料品店で起きた事件に起因する。	The charges stemmed from an incident that happened Sept. 9 at a Thriftway grocery store in Jefferson.
OregonLive.comから入手した宣誓供述書の推定原因によると、容疑者の同僚（２７）は昼食をとろうとデリに行ったところ、メディナ・ヘルナンデスが豆ディップを作っているのを見たため、ちょっと味見させてくれと頼んだ、とマリオン郡保安官代理に語った。	A 27-year-old co-worker of the suspect told Marion County Sheriff's Deputies that she went to the deli to get lunch when she saw Medina-Hernandez making bean dip and asked to try some, according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by OregonLive.com.
宣誓供述書によると、被害者は今までにメタンフェタミンをやったことないと捜査官に語り、「何口目か食べた後、変な味がすると思ったことがあったが、まさか薬物とは思わなかった」そうである。	The victim, who told investigators she had never taken meth before, "thought one of the bites she ate tasted odd, but she did not think anything of it," according to the affidavit.
女性は仕事に戻ると、胃の調子が悪くなり足がふらついた。	When the woman returned to work, she had an upset stomach and her feet were unsteady.
アルバニー・デモクラット・ヘラルドによると、女性が行った先の地元病院で、豆ディップにはメタンフェタミンが混入していた可能性があると判断された。	She went to a local hospital where it was determined the bean dip may have contained methamphetamine, according to the Albany Democrat-Herald.
ザ・スモーキング・ガンによると、別のスリフトウェイ従業員がメディナ・ヘルナンデスが被害者の食べ物に「薬物を入れたと告げた」と言った一方、３人目の従業員は、同容疑者がメタンフェタミンを誤って豆ディップに入れてしまったとメッセージを送ってきたと言ったと警察が語った。	Police said that another Thriftway employee said Medina-Hernandez "told her about placing drugs inside" the victim's food, while a third worker said the suspect had messaged her claiming the meth was placed in the bean dip by accident, according to The Smoking Gun.
オレゴンライブの記事によれば、デリから押収した監視ビデオには、メディナ・ヘルナンデスがカメラに背を向け、電子レンジの後ろでかがみ込んでいるものの、ブラジャーの中から何かを取り出しているのが写っているとされている。	OregonLive reports surveillance video obtained from the deli allegedly shows Medina-Hernandez remove something from inside her bra while her back is to the camera and go behind a microwave and lean down.
その後、立ち上がって鼻を拭き、テーブルの方へ歩いて豆のディップを小さな紙製の皿に入れたとされる。	She then allegedly wiped her nose after she stood up, walked to a table and placed bean dip in a small paper dish.
ブラジャーから取り出した物も皿の上に置いたようだと警察は語った。	The item retrieved from her bra also appeared to be on the plate, police said.
オレゴン・ステイツマン・ジャーナルによると、保安官は、今のところ、汚染食品を出された客がいるとは考えていないと述べた。	Sheriff's officials said there is currently no reason to believe any customers were served contaminated food, according to the Oregon Statesman-Journal.
メディナ・ヘルナンデスは、保釈金52万ドルの代わりに、マリオン郡刑務所に拘置されている。	Medina-Hernandez is being held in the Marion County jail in lieu of $520,000 bail.
ザ・スモーキング・ガンによると、メディナ・ヘルナンデスの長期にわたる逮捕記録では、これまでに暴行、強盗、なりすまし、メタンフェタミンの譲渡、窃盗、メタンフェタミン所持、および統制武器の所持による重罪歴があるという。	Her lengthy rap sheet shows she was previously convicted of assault, robbery, identity theft, delivery of methamphetamine, theft, possession of methamphetamine, and felon in possession of a restricted weapon, according to The Smoking Gun.
【速報】松山英樹は「72」 予選通過の圏外でホールアウト（ゴルフダイジェスト・オンライン（GDO ） ） - Yahoo!ニュース	[Breaking News] Matsuyama Hideki is "72" hole out and is out of the qualifier (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) -Yahoo! News
【図解】注目の1オンチャレンジホール	[Illustration] 1 on challenge hole that is the center of attention.
新シーズン（2019－20年）の初戦に臨む松山英樹は午後組で73位からスタートし、2バーディ、2ボギーの「72」として通算イーブンパーでホールアウトした。	In the first match of the new season (2019-20), Matsuyama Hideki started out 73rd in the afternoon group and finished with 2 birdies, 2 bogies for "72" total for an even par.
終了時点の暫定カットライン（65位タイまで）は通算2アンダーとなっており、予選通過の圏外でラウンドを終えた。	The provisional cut line (up to 65th place) at finish was total of two 2 under, and the round finished outside the range of qualifiers.
松山は前半5番（パー５）でバーディを先行させたが、8番で3パットボギー。	Matsuyama started out with a birdie on the fifth hole (par 5) at the first half but hit a 3 put bogey on the 8th hole.
ラウンドを通して多くのチャンスを作ったが、パットが惜しくも外れるシーンが目立ち伸び悩んだ。	Though he had many opportunities throughout the round, he was noticeably sluggish with puts not making it.
午前組で28位から出た小平智は「77」と崩れ、通算3オーバーに落としてホールアウト。	Kodaira Satoshi who started in 28th place with the morning group crumbled with [77] and holed out with a total of 3 over.
予選落ちが濃厚となっている。	It's become very likely he will fail to qualify.
松山が終了した時点で、通算12アンダーの単独首位に「64」と伸ばしたブライソン・デシャンボー。	By the time Matsuyama finished, the sole leader was Bryson DeChambeau at "64" with a total 12 under.
上位は大きく伸ばす展開となっている。	The higher ranks have expanded significantly.
リニア大井川問題「課題整理可能」 ＪＲ東海社長、早期着工重視｜静岡新聞アットエス	President of the Central Japan Railway Company says that issues to do with the Linear Shinkansen and Oi River "can be sorted out", hints at early construction | Shizuoka @S
ＪＲ東海の金子慎社長は２７日の記者会見で、リニア中央新幹線南アルプストンネル工事に伴う大井川流量減少問題で、静岡県との協議で出ている課題を「工事を始める前に整理しなくてはいけないことと、工事を始めてからやればいいことを分けた方がいい」と述べ、早期着工を重視する姿勢を改めて示した。	At a press conference on the 27th, Kaneko Shin, president of the Central Japan Railway Company, speaking about the issue of decreased flow in the Oi River due to construction of a tunnel for the Linear Chuo Shinkansen through the Southern Alps said, "It's important to sort out what needs to be done before construction starts, and what can be done once construction starts," reaffirming his position to start construction work early.
具体的には「会議の場やその前段で話をしていく」と話すにとどめた。	Specifically, he only said that they would "talk at the meeting and at the stage before it".
金子社長は「たくさんの問題を全部整理をしてからというと、なかなか着工にならない。そういう分け方も可能だと思う」と強調。	President Kaneko said, "If you sort out every single problem in advance, it makes it hard to get round to starting construction." Therefore, I believe we can make that kind of distinction."
一方で「これはわれわれの考え。（県と）話をしなければならない」とも述べた。	Although he did state, "This is our way of thinking. We still need to speak (to the prefecture)."
県側はトンネル工事中に出た湧水を大井川に全量戻せないことへの懸念が強い。	There are strong concerns from prefecture officials that spring water that wells up during the tunnel construction will not be able to be fully returned to the Oi River.
この対応のために工事方法を変更することに関しては「現実的にできることがあればやるが、工事の安全面から考えると難しいと思っている」との認識を示した。	Asked whether they would change the construction method to deal with this, Kaneko replied that they would do something if there was a realistic option, but believed it would be difficult in terms of safety at the construction site.
川勝平太知事が言及したルート変更は「あり得ない」と否定した。	He contested the route change suggested by Governor Heita Kawakatsu, saying that it was "impossible".
開業時期への影響は、金子社長は工事に特に時間がかかる場所として南アルプストンネル、品川駅、名古屋駅の３カ所を挙げ 「 （ 他も）余裕があるとは言えないが、静岡工区を一番心配している」と述べた。	Regarding the impact it might have on the opening of the line, President Kaneko named the Southern Alps Tunnel, Shinagawa Station and Nagoya Station as three places where construction would take a particularly long time, stating, "Though it can hardly be said that we have leeway (elsewhere), I'm most concerned about the Shizuoka stretch of the construction."
ジョンソン氏、議会閉会問題について反撃	Johnson hits back in prorogation row
最高裁による歴史的判断によりボリス・ジョンソン氏の国連総会出張が不当に阻止された。	Boris Johnson's trip to the UN General Assembly is rudely interrupted by an historic Supreme Court ruling.
しかし下院でジョンソン氏は、後悔も自責の念もないことを辛らつに示すパフォーマンスをくり広げた。	But his blistering Commons' performance betrayed neither shame nor remorse.
ブリュッセルから、アイルランド放送協会ヨーロッパ編集員トニー・コネリー、ウェストミンスターから、ロンドン特派員のショーン・ウェランが、渦中よりこの混乱を解明すべくお伝えします。	In the eye of the storm, and making sense of the upheaval, are RTÉ's Europe Editor in Brussels, Tony Connelly, and London Correspondent Sean Whelan in Westminster.
CBSロサンゼルスー当局、遺体発見でエンジェル国立森林公園での衝突死亡事故の捜査続行	Authorities Investigating Deadly Crash In Angeles National Forest, Body Found - CBS Los Angeles
警察は、木曜午後、エンジェル国立森林公園で起きた衝突死亡事故を捜査していた。	Police were investigating a deadly crash in the Angeles National Forest Thursday afternoon.
警察によると、ビッグタハンガ・キャニオン通りとエンジェル森林高速道路の真下で、車両内から遺体が発見された。	According to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the Angeles Forest Highway and Big Tujunga Canyon Road.
現場からの第一報では、車両はかなりの期間放置されていた可能性がある。	Initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time.
車両がどのように発見されたかについては、すぐには解明しなかった。	It was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found.
ＮＨＫ会長を注意に謝意 元総務次官の郵政副社長：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Vice-President of the Postal Service, former Vice-Minister of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, expresses gratitude at reprimand issued to NHK president: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
かんぽ生命保険の不正販売問題を報じたＮＨＫの番組を巡り、日本郵政グループから抗議を受けてＮＨＫ経営委員会が昨年１０月、上田良一ＮＨＫ会長に厳重注意した問題で、日本郵政の鈴木康雄・上級副社長（元総務省事務次官）が、経営委宛てに対応を感謝する文書を送っていたことが２８日、分かった。	On the 28th, it became clear that Suzuki Yasuo, senior vice-president of Japan Post Holdings (former vice-minister at the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications), sent a letter to the board of governors of the NHK, praising their action in reprimanding NHK President Ueda Ryoichi last October after receiving complaints from Japan Post Holdings in response to an NHK programme that reported on the illegal selling of Japan Post Life Insurance.
関係者によると鈴木氏は昨年１１月、会長への厳重注意について経営委に謝意を伝える文書を送付。	According to a source close to Suzuki, the vice-president sent a letter in November, praising the board of governors' action in reprimanding the president.
ＮＨＫ執行部によるガバナンス（企業統治）強化の必要性を訴え、経営委に「指導・監督をお願いします」などと求めた。	In the letter, he also called for a need to strengthen the corporate governance of NHK's executive board, asking the board of governors for "supervision and guidance".
こうした内容は経営委員会で報告されていた。	The details were reported to the board of governors.
うわさのジェイミー：ウエストエンドでジェイミー ニュー役のオーディションの審査方法	Everybody's Talking About Jamie: How to audition for the role of Jamie New in the West End
ウエストエンドの次の大スターが今そこにいるかもしれないーだが、彼らはそのことに気付いてすらいない。	The West End's next big star could be out there right now - and they don't even know it.
「うわさのジェイミー」のプロデューサーは次のジェイミー ニューを探して、公開オーディションを行う。	Producers of Everybody's Talking About Jamie are on the lookout for the next Jamie New, and holding open auditions
現在主役を演じているレイトン ウィリアムズは、このミュージカルのイギリスツアーに出かけることになっており、彼の役を引き継ぐ「傑出した才能があり、まだ発掘されていない若い役者」を探している。	Layton Williams, the current star, will be setting off on the musical's UK tour, and the search is on for "an outstandingly talented undiscovered young performer" to take over his role.
ロンドンのオーディションは１０月１０日アポロシアターで行われる予定で、応募者は履歴書と顔写真を準備し、オープニングのDon't Even Know Itの１６節を歌えるようにしておく必要がある。	London auditions will take place on October 10 at the Apollo Theatre, and hopefuls should prepare 16 bars of opening song Don't Even Know It, bringing a CV and headshot with.
１０月８日にシェフィールドで別のオーディションが行われる予定で、翌週にはオーディションの次のステージが始まる。	There will be another audition on October 8 in Sheffield, and callbacks will take begin the following week.
プロデューサーのニカ バーンズは言う：「素晴らしい観客のおかげで、アポロでの公演を延長して３年目に入ることを光栄に思う。」	Producer Nica Burns said: "Thanks to our fantastic audiences, we are delighted to be extending and playing our third year at the Apollo."
レイトン ウィリアムズやシェーン リッチーとともにツアーに加わる素晴らしい若手の役者を何人か見つけた。	We have found some fantastic young performers to join Layton Williams and Shane Richie on tour.
このミュージカルの精神を考えて、新しいジェイミーを探す際には今の若いプロの役者に加え、無名の役者にも門戸を開いている。	In the spirit of this musical, we are opening the doors to unknown talent alongside today's young professionals in the search for our new Jamie.
２月にジョン マックレアの後を引き継ぎ、現在ジェイミー ニューを演じているウィリアムズはツイッターで、「すべての少年たちがデモテープを送る」よう促している。	Williams, who started playing Jamie New in February after original John McCrea, took to twitter to encourage "ALL boys to send in their tapes":
ウェストエンドでの公演は２０２０年８月２９日まで延長され、ツアーは２月に開始される。	The West End show has extended its run to August 29 2020, with the tour taking off in February.
そのミュージカルは、高校のプロムにドレスで行きたいと考えている１６才のジェイミー ニューの物語だ。	The musical follows 16 year old Jamie New, who wants to go to his school prom in a dress.
彼は将来待ち受けているものが何なのかわからないが、自分はスターになると確信している。	He may not know what the future holds, but he's sure he'll be a star.
母親と地元の伝説の女装家、ロコ シャネルの力を借りて、本当の自分がわかり始めたジェイミーは、偏見に立ち向かい世間の注目を集めるようになる。	With the help of his mum and a local drag legend, Loco Chanelle, he begins to work out who he is, defy prejudice and step into the spotlight.
ダン ギレスピー セルズが音楽を、トム マクレーが脚本と歌詞を担当したこのショーは、BBCのドキュメンタリー、「ジェイミー：１６才のドラァグクイーン」から着想を得ている。	With music by Dan Gillespie Sells and a book and lyrics by Tom MacRae, the show is inspired by BBC documentary, Jamie: Drag Queen at 16.
真備児童「海外ラグビー」体験 Ｗ杯で来日コーチが６小訪問：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Mabi kids try international rugby Coaches in Japan for the World Cup visit six elementary schools: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digi
西日本豪雨の復興支援にと、ラグビー・ワールドカップ（Ｗ杯）に合わせて来日しているスコットランド、ウェールズのコーチ計７人が２７日、倉敷市真備町地区の６小学校を訪れ、児童と交流しながらラグビーの楽しさを伝えた。	To offer support for the recovery of areas affected by the heavy rains in West Japan, seven coaches from nations including Scotland and Wales, currently in Japan for the Rugby World Cup, descended on six elementary schools in the Mabi district of Kurashiki on the 27th, interacting with the children and teaching them the fun of rugby.
大会の盛り上げに、全国で選手らとの交流事業を手掛けるボランティア団体（東京）が企画。	The event was planned by a volunteer organisation in Tokyo that is engaged in meet-and-greet opportunities with players around the country, in an effort to drum-up excitement before the tournament.
同町市場の薗小に仮設校舎がある川辺小では、スコットランドのクラブチームで指導するリチャード・アンダーウッドさん（４２）ら４人が、体育館で３年生５４人と触れ合った。	At Kawabe Elementary School, which currently has a temporary school building on the grounds of Sono Elementary School, Richard Underwood (42), who coaches a club team in Scotland, and three others met with 54 3rd-graders in the gymnasium.
児童はパスを前に投げてはいけないラグビーのルールを教わった後、３人一組で楕円（だえん）球のパス練習。	After learning that in rugby you're not allowed to pass the ball forwards, the children had a go passing the oval-shaped rugby ball in groups of three.
タックルのない「タグラグビー」の体験もあり 、 「 こっちにパス」などと声を掛け合いながら走り回った。	They also had the chance to participate in a game of "tag rugby", a version of the game that doesn't have tackling, and they ran around shouting things like "pass to me!"
女児（８）は「走ってパスするのは難しかったけど面白い。ラグビーが好きになった」と笑顔。	One girl (8) said with a smile, "It was difficult passing the ball while running, but it was fun. I like rugby now."
アンダーウッドさんは「激励のつもりだったが、私たちが元気をもらえた。楽しい思い出になればうれしい」と話していた。	Underwood himself commented, "We came with the intention of encouraging the kids, but they've actually given us a boost. I hope they come away from this with some fun memories."
薗小では２８日午後２時から、フィジーのラグビー選手らを招いた住民対象のイベントが開かれる。	At Sono Elementary School on the 28th from 2pm, there will be an event for residents featuring players from the Fiji rugby team.
ルートインＢＣリーグの福井ミラクルエレファンツを運営する福井県民球団は９月２７日、主将の中村辰哉捕手（２３ ） 、 塚田貴之投手（２６ ） 、 望月嶺投手（２４ ） 、 石井建斗外野手（２５）の４選手の退団を発表した。	The Fukui Citizens' Baseball Team, who manage Route Inn BC leaguers the Fukui Miracle Elephants, announced September 27th that four players would be retiring: captain and catcher Nakamura Tatsuya (23), pitcher Tsukuda Takayuki (26), pitcher Mochizuki Rei(24) and outfielder Ishii Kento(25).
いずれも、本人の申し出による任意引退となる。	In all cases, it is voluntary retirement at the behest of a request from the players themselves.
中村は大野市陽明中出身。	Nakamura attended Yomei Junior High School in Ono.
福井商高、龍谷大を経て地元枠指名で昨年入団。	After going to Fukui Commercial High School and Ryukoku University, he joined the team last year after being drafted from the local pool.
今季は主将を務め、８９打数２１安打の打率２割３分６厘。	He took on captain duties for the current season, and with 21 safe hits after 89 times at the bat, has a batting average of 23.6%.
２本塁打を放った。	He hit two home runs.
塚田は茨城県出身でオリックスから昨年入団。	Tsukuda was born in Ibaraki Prefecture and transferred to the Miracle Elephants from the ORIX Buffaloes last year.
スライダーを武器に今季２３試合に登板し０勝２敗。	He pitched in 23 games this season, using the slider as his secret weapon, and won 0, lost 2.
望月は広島県出身で今季は１７試合に登板し０勝３敗。	Mochizuki was born in Hiroshima Prefecture and pitched in 17 games this season, and won 0, lost 3.
石井は神奈川県出身。	Ishii is from Kanagawa Prefecture.
強肩で長打力があり今季４本塁打を放った。	Possessing strong shoulders and long batting power, he hit four home runs this season.
福井ミラクルエレファンツ2019年メンバー	Fukui Miracle Elephants 2019 team members
元ロッテの大松尚逸が現役引退	Omatsu Shoitsu, formerly of the Lotte Marines, retires
６投手が継投、締めくくりの白星	6 pitchers relieve each other, bringing the game to a victorious finish
1試合残して後期4位が確定	Elephants confirm 4th place with one game left
逆転負け、連勝は３でストップ	After a reversal of fortune results in a loss, Elephants' winning streak ends at 3
決勝弾に猛打賞、４番打者大暴れ	No. 4 batter unstoppable force after getting 3 home runs, including the winning hit
県高校野球きょう準決勝有料記事	Prefectural high school baseball: today's semifinal (premium article)
中村主将ら４選手退団 エレファンツ有料記事	Elephants: 4 players including Captain Nakamura announce retirement (premium article)
アルファ・ラバル、一億一千万スウェーデン・クローナの天然ガス案件を受注	Alfa Laval Wins SEK 110 Million Natural Gas Order
世界有数の熱交換、遠心分離、水処理事業者であるアルファ・ラバルが、アメリカの天然ガス処理プラントに空気冷却装置を提供するという案件を受注した。この案件は規模にしておよそ一億一千万スウェーデン・クローナで、エネルギー部門の溶接熱交換器課が作業にあたるが、納入は2020年を予定している。	Alfa Laval - a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling - has won an order to supply air cooler systems to a gas processing plant in the U.S. The order has a value of approximately SEK 110 million and is booked in the Welded Heat Exchangers unit of the Energy Division, with deliveries scheduled for 2020.
この案件では天然ガスを個々の純物質‐エタン、プロパン、ブタン‐に分離するための冷却装置の一部として使われることになるアルファ・ラバル・ナイアガラ空気冷却装置が含まれる。	The order comprises Alfa Laval Niagara's air cooler systems which will be used as part of a refrigeration system to separate the natural gas into its individual pure component streams - ethane, propane and butane.
安全性はすべての工業プロセスで重要となるが、慎重を要する天然ガス処理では極めて重要である。	Safety is key in all industrial processes and extremely important in the demanding applications in natural gas treatment.
「弊社の確かな空気冷却装置は、顧客に安心していただける安全性能が評価されています」とエネルギー部門長スザンヌ・パーレン・オクルンドは語る。	"Our reliable air cooler systems are recognized for their safe performance which gives peace of mind to our customers in the gas industry," says Susanne Pahlén Åklundh, President of the Energy Division.
ご存知でしょうか、エタン、プロパン、ブタンは天然ガスから分離され、その後例えば石油化学プラントや家庭用暖房器の原料として、あるいは車両の燃料として使うことができるのです。	Did you know that... ethane, propane and butane can be separated from the natural gas and then used, for example, as feedstock for petrochemical plants, for household heating or as fuel for vehicles?
アルファ・ラバルについて	About Alfa Laval
アルファ・ラバルは、その主要技術である熱交換、分離、水処理分野を基にした特殊製品と工学ソリューションの世界的な大手供給会社である。	Alfa Laval is a leading global provider of specialized products and engineering solutions based on its key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling.
アルファ・ラバルの設備、システムやサービスは顧客を助け製造工程を最適化することを目的としている。	The company's equipment, systems and services are dedicated to assisting customers in optimizing the performance of their processes.
そのソリューションは、食品飲料、化学薬品、石油化学製品、医薬品、でんぷん、砂糖、エタノールなどの製造業界において、顧客が製品を加熱、冷却、分離、輸送するのに役立っている。	The solutions help them to heat, cool, separate and transport products in industries that produce food and beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and ethanol.
またアルファ・ラバルの製品は発電所、船上、石油や天然ガス探査、機械工学産業、鉱業において、また、排水処理や空調、冷蔵庫への応用にも使われている。	Alfa Laval's products are also used in power plants, aboard ships, oil and gas exploration, in the mechanical engineering industry, in the mining industry and for wastewater treatment, as well as for comfort climate and refrigeration applications.
世界中のアルファ・ラバルの組織は、およそ100か国の顧客と協力し、顧客が国際社会をリードする一助となっている。	Alfa Laval's worldwide organization works closely with customers in nearly 100 countries to help them stay ahead in the global arena.
アルファ・ラバルはナスダックOMX上場企業で、2018年には約407億スウェーデンクローナ（約40億ユーロ）の年間売上高を計上している。	Alfa Laval is listed on Nasdaq OMX, and, in 2018, posted annual sales of about SEK 40.7 billion (approx. 4.0 billion Euros).
従業員数およそ17200名。	The company has about 17 200 employees.
「再編必要」公的病院 佐賀県内は５医療機関｜行政・社会｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Five public hospitals in Saga Prefecture "in need of reorganisation" | Politics and Society | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
厚生労働省が再編・統合が必要として２６日に病院名を公表した佐賀県内の公的医療機関は５カ所だった。	On the 26th, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare announced the names of hospitals which are in need of reorganisation or consolidation, including five public medical institutions in Saga Prefecture.
調査対象になった県内１３医療機関に占める割合は３８・５％で、全国では１０番目に高く、既に３カ所が統合や移転が決まっている。	Thirteen medical institutions in the prefecture were surveyed, accounting for 38.5%, the tenth highest amount in the country, and, of those, three hospitals are already set to be consolidated or relocated.
公表された県内の病院名は国立病院機構東佐賀病院（三養基郡みやき町 ） 、 多久市立病院（多久市 ） 、 小城市民病院（小城市 ） 、 地域医療機能推進機構伊万里松浦病院（伊万里市 ） 、 藤津郡太良町立太良病院。	The hospitals named from Saga Prefecture are the National Hospital Organization East Saga Hospital (Miyaki-cho, Miyaki-gun), Taku City Hospital (Taku), Ogi City Hospital (Ogi), JCHO Imari Matsuura Hospital (Imari) and Tara-cho, Fujitsu-gun's Tara Town Hospital.
このうち多久市立病院と小城市民病院は統合して多久市東多久町に新病院を建設する計画を進めており、伊万里松浦病院は長崎県松浦市への移転が決まっている。	Of the five, Taku City Hospital and Ogi City Hospital are being merged and a plan is underway to build a new hospital in Higashitaku-cho, Taku, whereas Imari Matsuura Hospital is set to relocate to Matsuura in Nagasaki Prefecture.
太良病院は町の地域包括ケアの中心を担い、ここ数年は黒字の経営が続いている。	Tara Town Hospital plays a central role in the town's comprehensive community care, and has been in the black for the past several years.
永淵孝幸町長は「町としてはあくまでも単独で運営し、近隣市町の病院と連携する考え方を持っている。病院は住民のために絶対に残さないといけない」と強調し、再編や統合に否定的な見解を示した。	Commenting on the situation, Mayor Nagafuchi Takayuki said, "We have always run the hospital independently as a town, and are considering working with other hospitals in nearby towns. A hospital must be preserved for the sake of the citizens," expressing his negative view on the prospect of restructuring or merging.
東佐賀病院の事務部長は「県から内容を聞いていない」とした上で 、 「 県の地域医療構想調整会議に積極的に参画し、議論の趣旨を踏まえて対応することになる」と述べるにとどめた。	The administrator of East Saga Hospital said that they are yet to hear anything from the prefecture, but did mention that they were in active talks at community healthcare coordination meetings, and intended to act based on those discussions.
伊万里松浦病院を運営する地域医療機能推進機構（東京）は「公表は公的病院の方向性を機械的に決定するものではなく、各都道府県の地域医療構想調整会議で改めて検討するように要請したものだと受け止めている」と淡々と話した。	The Japan Community Healthcare Organisation (Tokyo) that operates Imari Matsuura Hospital did not seem overly concerned, stating, "It is our understanding that this announcement does not automatically determine the direction of public hospitals, but is more of a request to reconsider the position of hospitals at community healthcare coordination meetings in each and every prefecture."
各医療機関に国の考えを説明する県医務課の担当者は「当事者から今後の病院運営についてじっくり話を聞きたい。	The person from the prefectural medical affairs department, who is responsible for explaining the state's way of thinking to each medical institution, made it plain that, "We want to carefully consider what the parties concerned have to say about future hospital management.
場合によっては診療科目の見直しや、病床のさらなる削減などをお願いするかもしれない」と見通しを示した。	In some cases, we may ask hospitals to review their departments, or further reduce the number of beds."
いじめ疑い行為３０件、岐阜 中３男子転落死｜静岡新聞アットエス	Thirty suspected acts of bullying 3rd year junior high school boy in Gifu who fell to his death | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
岐阜市立中３年の男子生徒（１４）が７月、いじめを受けたことを示唆するメモを残して自殺したとみられる問題で、いじめの実態などを調べる市の第三者委員会は２７日、いじめを見聞きした同級生らから聞き取りした結果、男子生徒へのいじめと疑われる行為が約３０件あったと明らかにした。	An independent committee formed by the city, charged with investigating the circumstances surrounding a school boy (14) in the 3rd grade of junior high school who appeared to have committed suicide and left a note implying that he was being bullied, announced its findings on the 27th, revealing from the witness accounts of other pupils that there were around 30 suspected acts of bullying.
今後、事実かどうかやいじめに当たるのかなどを精査する。	The committee will further examine to determine if these were actual instances of bullying.
第三者委は同日、５回目の会合を開き、委員と弁護士２人一組で同級生らに行った聞き取りの結果を全委員と共有した。	The committee held their fifth meeting the same day, during which a committee member and a lawyer shared the results of the interviews with classmates with the rest of the committee.
第三者委によると、生徒はトイレで土下座させられたり、現金を要求されたりしていたという。	According to the committee, the boy had been made to kneel in the toilets, and cash had been demanded from him.
ロイヤルファミリーの秘密：王室専用機のびっくり頻繁利用客が判明	Royal family secrets: Surprising guests who were frequent fliers on the Royal Plane reveal
ロイヤルファミリーは公務の一環として、生涯数百回も世界中へ旅立たなければならない。	As part of their royal duty, the Royal Family have to embark on hundreds of trips around the world in their lifetime.
たいていは、重要なイベントや出演のために王族を世界中に移動させる自家用機、つまり王室専用機を使えば簡単である。	This is usually made easier by the Royal Plane - a private aircraft which jets the family around the globe to important events and appearances.
当然、自家用機があると特権もある。	Unsurprisingly, having their own private plane comes with its own perks.
出入国の長い列に並ばなくてもいいし、手荷物の数に制限はないし、ロイヤルファミリーは好きなだけ、時には意外な乗客も含めてゲストを招待して乗せることができるようだ。	Aside not having to wait in long security lines and an unlimited number of bags, it seems the Royal Family can invite onboard any guests they wish - including some unlikely passengers.
最近放映されたチャンネル５のドキュメンタリーによれば、女王とフィリップ殿下だけが王室専用機の頻繁利用客ではないようだ。	According to a recently premiered Channel 5 documentary, the Queen and Prince Phillip aren't the only frequent fliers aboard the Royal Plane.
「ロイヤルフライトの秘密」番組中、女王の元飛行士が、ファミリーとともに毛深い客も多数、頻繁に乗っていることを明らかにした。	During the programme 'Secrets of the Royal Flight', a former Navigator of the Queen's Flight revealed that there are also often a number of furrier guests alongside the family.
ボブ・シールズは「時々、非常に大事な王族のお客様と同様、非常に大事なロイヤル・ドッグも乗せることがある」と語った。	Bob Shields said: "Occasionally, as well as our very important royal passengers, we might have some very important royal dogs."
女王のコーギー犬贔屓は有名で、可愛がっているペットを一緒に旅行に連れて行きたいとリクエストするのは驚くことではない。	It's no surprise that the Queen might request her beloved pets to come along for the journey, as she is renowned for her deep affinity for Corgis.
エリザベス女王は、幼少のころから犬が好きで、女王になってからも30匹以上のコーギー犬を飼ってきたといわれている。	From a young age Queen Elizabeth has been fond of the four legged creatures, rumoured to have owned more than 30 corgis since she was crowned Monarch.
2007年に、モンティ、エマ、リネット、ウィロウ、ホリーという５匹の犬を飼っていたとされている。	In 2007 she is believed to have had five corgis named Monty, Emma, Linnet, Willow and Holly.
この５匹の他にコッカースパニエルのビスト、オクソ、フラッシュ、スピック、スパンの５匹、さらにダックスフントとコーギーのミックス犬のサイダー、ベリーバルカン、キャンディの４匹が加わった。	They were joined by five cocker spaniels: Bisto, Oxo, Flash, Spick and Span, and an additional four dachshund-corgi crossbreeds: Cider, Berry Vulcan and Candy.
王室専用機に同乗するスタッフはさぞかし忙しいことだろう。	Staff on board the Royal Plane certainly had their hands full.
王室スタッフが搭乗前に犬を芝生に離し、用を足すようにお願いしているところが目撃されている、とシールズは続けた。	The household member of staff would be seen taking the dogs to the grass and pleading with the dogs to please do their business before they went on board the aeroplane, continued Shields.
嬉しいことに、今までに事故にあったことがない。	I am delighted to say we never had one accident.
番組では、女王の公務旅行中の荷物はショッキングな量で知られていることもわかった。	The programme also revealed the shocking amount of luggage the Queen has been known to travel with while on duty.
番組ナレーターによると、「1953年の44000マイルの英国連邦ツアーで、女王の荷物は12トンあった」という。	According to the shows narrator: "For her 44,000 mile commonwealth tour in 1953 The Queen's luggage weighed 12 tonnes."
それは、だいたい大型ゾウ２頭分に相当するといえば、よくわかるだろう。	To put that into perspective, that is roughly the same as two large elephants.
しかし、ファッション好きなのは女王だけではない。	However, the Queen isn't the only one with an affinity for fashion.
ケンブリッジ侯爵夫人も自分の洋服を運ぶ際に独自の好みがあるといわれており、うわさでは、ドレス1着ごとに１シートをとるという。	Reportedly the Duchess of Cambridge has her own preferences for transporting her fashion - rumoured to have a seat reserved for each of her dresses.
松山祐季（T.T彩たま／愛知工業大学）の用具紹介｜俺の卓球ギア#31（Rallys ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Matsuyama Yuki's (T.T Saitama/Aichi Institute of Technology) equipment introduction My table tennis gear #31 (Rallys) -Yahoo!news
第31回となる今回は、愛工大名電高でインターハイ団体優勝、愛知工業大でインカレ優勝と学生卓球界のトップを走る松山祐季選手のギアを紹介する。	In this 31st edition, we are presenting items from Matuyama Yuki, a top table tennis player who won the inter-college competition at Aichi Institute of Technology, and winner of inter-high school group competition at Aichi Institute of Technology Meiden high school.
松山祐季の卓球ギア	Matsuyama Yuki's table tennis gears
戦型 右シェーク裏裏 ラケット インナーフォースレイヤーALC（FL・バタフライ） ラバー フォア：ディグニクス05（特厚・バタフライ） バック：ディグニクス80（特厚・バタフライ） こだわりのもの リストバンド ※ギアは2019年7月時点のもの	Grip style right shakehand grip back back Racket Inner force layer ALC (FL・butterfly) Rubber fore Dignics05 (Extra thick・butterfly) Back Dignics80 (Extra thick・butterfly) Favorite item wristbands *All gears as of July, 2019.
松山祐季（まつやまゆうき・21歳）は、学生卓球界のトップを走り続けてきた。	Matsuyama Yuki (21 years old) has been leading the student table tennis world.
中高大の各カテゴリの団体戦でチームを優勝に導いた。	He lead the team to group victories in each categories in middle school, high school and college.
また、2019年の全日本選手権では男子ダブルスで準優勝を果たしており、8月末開幕のTリーグ2ndシーズンではT.T彩たまから参戦が決まっている。	Also, at the 2019 All Japan Championship, he was runner up in men's doubles, and his participation from T.T Saitama is confirmed for the second season of T league, opening at the end of august.
松山の使用用具は、インナーフォースレイヤーALC（FL）にフォア：ディグニクス05（特厚 ） 、 バック：ディグニクス80（特厚 ） 。	The goods used by Matsuyama are Inner force layer ALC (FL) as well as fore: Dignics05 (extra thick) and back: Dignics80 (extra thick).
台から離れて中後陣でのラリー戦を得意とする松山。	Matsuyama's strength is at rallying in the middle and behind away from the table.
以前はテナジーを使用していたが、打球時の球持ちを重視し攻撃的なプレーを可能としたディグニクスが登場してからラバーを変更した。	He used to use Tenergy, but has since switched his rubber after the arrival of Dignics, which allows aggressive plays that focuses on ball holding time when hitting.
また、松山のこだわりの愛用品は、試合中着用するリストバンドだ。	In addition, Matsuyama's favorite item is the wristbands he wears during games.
「以前、ワールドツアー時にバックが大振りになってしまったときがありました。その際にリストバンドを付けると、手首が固定されて曲がりづらくなるので、コンパクトに打てるなと感じました。そのため、試合の時には手首にテーピングを巻き、リストバンドもして全然曲がらないようにしています。リストバンドはちょっと気持ちの部分もありますけど（笑 ） 」 とコメント。	He says, "In the past during the world tour, there was a situation where I over-swung the back. When I wore a wristband when that happened, I felt I could hit more compactly because my wrist were anchored and was hard to bend. At games, I tape my wrist, and wear my wristband so it doesn't bend at all. Although the wristband may just be an emotional anchor, lol”
鋭い両ハンドドライブでのラリーで勝利を積み重ねる優勝請負人・松山。	Matsuyama, the sweeping victor who wins with sharp rallies from double hand drives.
Tリーグ2ndシーズンでの爆発力あるプレーに注目だ。	Watch the explosive play in the 2nd season of T league.
アラバマ州の元議員　ジャック エドワーズ氏死去　９１才	Former Alabama congressman Jack Edwards dies at 91
ディープサウスで共和党員が躍進した際の第一波で、連邦議員を１０期務めて引退したアラバマ州選出のジャック エドワーズ氏が金曜日に亡くなった。	Retired 10-term U.S. Rep. Jack Edwards of Alabama, who was in the first wave of Deep South Republicans, died Friday.
エドワード氏はすい臓がんとの闘病の末、フェアホープの自宅で亡くなったと遺族が代理人を通して発表した。	His family said through a spokesman that Edwards died at his home in Fairhope after a battle with pancreatic cancer.
ディープサウスで共和党が勢いを増す中、アラバマ州の多くの共和党員が連邦議員に選出されたが、エドワーズ氏はその第一波の一人として１９６５年に米下院議員に初当選した。	Edwards was first elected to the U.S. House in 1965 as part of the first wave of Alabama Republicans elected to Congress as the party gained traction in the Deep South.
エドワーズ氏は、連邦議会の議員を１０期務めた。	He served 10 terms in Congress.
遺族の出した発表によると、エドワーズ氏は最近、どんな世界をひ孫の世代に遺したいかと問われ、礼節に立ち返ることを望むと答えたという。	In a statement released by his family, they said Edwards described his hopes for a return to civility when recently asked what kind of world he would like to leave his great grandchildren.
家族によると「私は、日常の会話や祖国の問題を解決する努力に礼節を取り戻した国でひ孫たちが育ってほしい」と語ったという。	"My hope is that my great grandchildren will grow up in a country where civility will have been returned to common discourse and to the efforts to solve the country's problems," Edwards said according to the family statement.
ケイ アイビイアラバマ州知事は、エドワーズ氏は最高の品位でもって州や国家に奉仕したと語った。	Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey said Edwards served his state and nation with the highest degree of integrity.
また、弔意を表してアラバマ州議事堂で半旗を掲げる予定だと話した。	The governor said flags at the Alabama Capitol will be placed at half-staff in his honor.
「エドワーズ氏は、真の公僕であり、アラバマ州にとって最大の政治家だった。	"He was the epitome of a true public servant and was the ultimate statesman for Alabama.
わが州は最も優れた政治家の一人を失った。」と、アイビイ氏は声明で語った。	Our state has lost one of our finest," Ivey said in a statement.
ヘリ事故謝罪前夜に「焼き鳥美味しいなぁ～」 防衛副大臣が投稿｜行政・社会｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Deputy Minister of Defense tweets "This yakitori is delicious" evening before apology for helicopter accident | Politics and Society | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
山本防衛副大臣の２６日夜のツイッターへの投稿。	The Tweet posted to Twitter by Deputy Minister Yamamoto on the evening of the 26th.
２７日午前１１時半ごろに削除した	It was deleted around 11:30am the following morning.
神埼市千代田町で昨年２月、陸上自衛隊の戦闘ヘリコプターが住宅に墜落した事故の最終報告で、原因説明と謝罪のために佐賀県入りしていた山本朋広防衛副大臣が２６日夜、県内の焼き鳥店で飲食し「美味しいなぁ～」などとツイッターに投稿した。	Deputy Defense Minister Yamamoto Tomohiro , in Saga Prefecture to present a final report to explain the cause and give an apology for the accident that occurred last February in which a JSDF combat helicopter crashed into a house in Chiyoda-cho, Kanzaki, posted "This yakitori is delicious" to Twitter on the evening of the 26th after eating and drinking at a yakitori restaurant in the prefecture.
２７日に知事と面会後、投稿を削除した。	After meeting with the governor on the 27th, the post was deleted.
山本氏は２６日午後１１時半すぎ「今夜は、出張で佐賀県に参りました ！ 」とツイート。	Yamamoto Tweeted "I've come to Saga Prefecture on a business trip tonight!" after 11:30pm on the 26th.
食事に同席した防衛大臣政務官の岩田和親衆院議員の写真とともに「美味しいなぁ～。皆様も佐賀に来県の際は、あたり鶏を ！ 」と書き込んだ。	He also wrote, "This yakitori is delicious. If you come to Saga, make sure you try Atari chicken!" together with a photo of Iwata Kazuchika, the Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defense, who was also present at the meal.
山本氏はその後 、 「 ありた鶏」の間違いだったとツイッターで補足した。	Yamamoto later corrected his Tweet to "Arita chicken".
河野太郎防衛相は２７日午前の閣議後会見で投稿への見解を問われ「ツイートを見てみます」と答えた。	When asked his opinion on it at a press conference after the cabinet meeting on the morning of the 27th, Defense Minister Kono Taro answered that he would "take a look at the Tweet".
県と関係３市町への説明を終えた２７日午後、報道陣の取材に応じた山本氏は投稿内容について「私の発信で不快に思われた方がいらっしゃれば、それは私の本意ではない」と述べた。	On the afternoon of the 27th, after the explanation about the accident to the prefecture and the three municipalities concerned was over, Yamamoto stated in an interview to the press regarding the content of his Tweet, "If there was anyone that was offended by what I posted, that was not my intention."
自らの判断で削除したことを強調し、ツイートが不適切かどうかは明言を避けた。	He stressed that he had deleted it of his own volition, but declined to state whether or not he thought the Tweet was inappropriate.
山本氏から２７日に説明を受けた自治体の職員の一人は「何を考えているんですかね。よく（真意が）分からない」と首をかしげた。	One of the local government officials who had been briefed by Yamamoto on the 27th said, "What was he thinking about? I don't really get (what he intended)," shaking his head.
山本氏は比例南関東選出で衆院当選４回。	Yamamoto has been elected to the lower house four times in the Southern Kanto proportional representation elections.
今月の内閣改造で現職に就いた。	He assumed his current office this month after a cabinet reshuffle.
事故では墜落現場の住宅の女児がけがをし、ヘリに搭乗していた隊員２人が死亡した。	In the helicopter accident, a girl in the house at the crash site was injured, and both pilots were killed.
ミシェル・オバマ、インスタグラムでメーガン・マークルを「インスピレーション」と称賛	Michelle Obama Calls Meghan Markle 'An Inspiration' In Adoring Instagram
ミシェル・オバマは、木曜日、好意的なインスタグラムでメーガン・マークルを高く評価し、サセックス公爵夫人を「型を破り、世界をより良くする思慮深いリーダー」と呼んだ。	Michelle Obama gave high praise to Meghan Markle in a sweet Instagram on Thursday, calling the Duchess of Sussex "a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it."
公爵夫人とハリー王子は、息子のアーチー・ハリソン・マウントバッテン＝ウィンザーとともに10日間の南アフリカ公式訪問中で、今週これまでに若者のレセプションに出席したり、オバマ財団の幹部らと面会した。	The duchess and Prince Harry, now on a 10-day royal tour of South Africa with their baby son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met Obama Foundation leaders.
元大統領夫人は、「古い慣習を破り、世界をより良くしてくれる思慮深いリーダー、私の友人であるサセックス公爵妃殿下 @sussexroyal、ありがとう。」と非常に好意的な投稿をした。	"Thank you to my friend, Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex @sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it," the former first lady wrote in her glowing post.
オバマ夫人は財団幹部と一緒にポーズをとるメーガン妃の写真を掲載し「オバマ財団幹部との面談にしても、相応の教育を求める世界中の少女たちの支援にしても、多くの人たちに刺激を与えています。」と付け加えた。	"Whether meeting with our @ObamaFoundation Leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many," Obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling Meghan posing with foundation leaders.
元「スーツ」の女優だったメーガン妃は、英国版ヴォーグ誌の9月号でゲスト編集者を務め、オバマ夫人にインタビューした。	Meghan interviewed Obama for the September issue of British Vogue, which the former "Suits" actress guest-edited.
その率直な会話の中で、元大統領夫人は、母性と母性がいかに自分を変えたか回顧した。	In their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her.
インタビューの中で、オバマ夫人は「母であることは、手放すことの上級クラスにいるようなもの」と語った。	"Being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go," Obama said in the interview.
私の仕事は、ほとんどいつも、子供達がなりたい自分を見つけ、成長するために適度な距離をおいてあげることだと母として学んだ。	Motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be.
親としての子供に対する理想や自分の子供時代の憧れではなく、本質的に彼女たちが自分は誰なのか見つけるために。	Not who I want them to be or who I wish I was at that age, but who they are, deep inside.
世界でスポットライトを浴びるプレッシャーを実際に知るオバマ夫人は、グッド・ハウスキーピング誌のインタービューで、公爵夫人に少しずつアドバイスした。	Obama, who knows first-hand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with Good Housekeeping.
「時々、自分自身や周りの人たちからのプレッシャーが、あまりにも大きく感じられるときもある」	"The pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot," she said.
だから、時間をかけて、何をするにも急がないというのが、私の一番大きなアドバイスだ。	So my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything.
ホワイトハウスでの最初の数ヶ月は、意欲的に働き始めるかわりに、娘たちが順調に学校生活始めて、新しい友人ができるように気を配った。	I spent the first few months in the White House mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before I launched into any more ambitious work.
それでもいいのだ、むしろ良いことだと思う、と述べた。	I think it's okay - it's good, even - to do that.
ジャニーズJr . ・ 美 少年、ガルアワ降臨で嵐＆SMAPの楽曲を披露！	Johnny's Jr. unit "Bi Shounen" show up at the Girls Award with performances of Arashi and Smap songs!
キラキラ"美"ステージでファン魅了＜GirlsAward＞（ザテレビジョン ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Glitter "Bi" stage attracts fans <Girls Award> (The Television) - Yahoo! News
ジャニーズJr.の6人組グループ・美 少年が、千葉・幕張メッセで開催中の「Rakuten GirlsAward 2019 AUTUMN/WINTER」ライブパフォーマンスを披露した。	Johnny's Jr.'s 6 member group "Bi Shounen" performed live at the "Rakuten Girls Award 2019 AUTUMN/WINTER" at Makuhari Messe in Chiba.
【写真を見る】	[see picture]
藤井直樹がアイドルスマイルで会場を魅了	Fujii Naoki captivates audience with his idol smile
同イベントは、2010年の初回以降毎年開催されている日本最大級のファッション＆音楽イベント。	The event is Japan's largest fashion and music event and has been held every year since 2010.
さまざまなモデル＆アーティストが出演し、ファッションランウェイやライブパフォーマンスで会場を盛り上げている。	Various models and artists have made appearances and the event has excited attendees with fashion runways and live performances.
全員2000年代生まれのフレッシュなメンバーが揃う美 少年がシークレットアーティストとして紹介されると、会場内に黄色い歓声がこだまする。	When Bi Shounen, whose youthful members were all born in the 2000s, were announced as the secret artist, the venue rang with cheers.
那須雄登、佐藤龍我、金指一世、藤井直樹、浮所飛貴、岩崎大昇 (※ 「崎」は正しくは「立さき 」) の6人はステージに降臨すると、ステージ中央のランウェイを堂々と進みファンのもとへ。	The six members, Nasu Yuto, Sato Ryoga, Kanasashi Issei, Fujii Naoki, Ukisho Hidaka and Iwasaki Taisho (*the "Saki" kanji should be different) came down to the stage and proceeded along the runway in the middle of the stage to the fans.
歓声が鳴りやまない中「FIRE STORM」からスタート。	With the cheers still not stopping they began with "Fire Storm".
続く先輩グループのカバーメドレー「ジャニーズメドレー」では、嵐の「A・RA・SHI」やSMAPの「世界に一つだけの花」など人気曲で会場を盛り上げる。	Next was a cover of senior groups' medley of songs "Johnny's Medley", with popular songs like Arashi's "A-ra-shi" and SMAP's "Sekai ni Hitsotdu Dake no Hana" which livened up the venue.
最後は美 少年のオリジナル曲「Cosmic Melody」で締めくくり、6人の"ザ・アイドル"な王道キラキラステージでパフォーマンスを終えた。	At the end they closed with Bi Shounen's original song "Cosmic Melody", and concluded the 6 member's "king of idols"-like sparkling stage performance.
トランプホテルオーナー適性に苦情も、酒類販売許可証は保持	Trump hotel keeps liquor license despite character complaint
ワシントン（AP通信）−ワシントン州のアルコール飲料監理委員会は、オーナーの適性に疑問符が付くことからワシントンが地元のトランプインターナショナルホテルの酒類販売許可証を見直すべき、という訴えを退けた。	WASHINGTON (AP) - The Washington Alcoholic Beverage Control Board has dismissed a request to review whether the local Trump International Hotel should lose its liquor license over its owner's character.
委員会は水曜日、議員三名、元裁判官二名、ユダヤ教指導者二名による苦情申し立ては申立人のほとんどがワシントン州非在住もしくは同州に固定資産を持たないことから、訴える資格を欠くとした。	The agency ruled Wednesday that the complaint by three ministers, two retired judges and two rabbis lacked standing because most of them didn't live in or own property in the District.
ワシントンポストによると、酒類販売許可証の取得には申請者の「適性」が必要であるとする州法に基づき、同ホテルのアルコール提供権の取り消しを巡る訴えはこれで二度目となる。	The Washington Post reports this is the second time the complainants pushed for the revocation of the hotel's liquor license over a District law that says license applicants must be of "good character."
昨年の夏に提出された初回の訴えでは、トランプ大統領の暴行容疑と繰り返される欺瞞を挙げ、州法に違反しているとした。	The initial complaint filed last summer says President Donald Trump violates that law, citing assault allegations and patterns of deception.
その訴えは、許可証がすでに認められていることから退けられた。	It was killed because the license had already been granted.
許可証の更新に合わせこの二度目の訴えが出された形となる。	The second complaint was prompted by the license's renewal.
ベントレーが飼育する蜜蜂「フライングBees」が集めたハチミツが初収穫！	The first harvest of honey from the "Flying Bees", honeybees kept by Bentley
フライングBのお膝元で飼育されるフライングBeesが集めたハチミツのお味はいかに	What does the honey collected by the bees raised under the wing of the Flying B taste like?
2019年5月、英国ベントレーのクルー工場敷地内で、定置養蜂が開始され、同年9月に初めてハチミツが収穫されました。	Permanent beekeeping began on the site of the Bentley factory in Crewe in May 2019, and honey was harvested for the first time in September of that year.
クルー工場で働くスタッフに負けず劣らず働き者の蜜蜂たちは、たったふたつの巣箱から100瓶以上のハチミツを集めました。	The bees are just as hardworking as the staff working at the Crewe factory, producing enough honey to fill over 100 jars between just two hives.
クルマを組み立てる工場の敷地で、どうしてベントレーは養蜂をおこなうようになったのでしょうか。	But why did Bentley start keeping bees on the same site as the factory that assembles its cars?
これは味見したい！	You'll want to try this!
ベントレーが手掛けるハチミツはこちら（11枚）	Click here to see Bentley's honey (11 photos)
ベントレーの製造部門担当役員であるピーター・ボッシュは次のようにコメントしています。	Bentley's member of the board for manufacturing, Peter Bosch, explains.
「地域の生物多様性保全に貢献することを目的とし、今年初め、クルー工場の広大な敷地内に初めて巣箱を設置いたしました。	"In order to do our part in conserving the biodiversity of the local area, we installed two beehives on the expansive grounds of the Crewe factory for the first time at the beginning of this year.
敷地内に植えた野花や周辺の野山から、蜜蜂たちがさまざまな花の蜜を集めてきている様子を養蜂家たちは見守ってきました。	The beekeepers have watched over the bees as they gathered nectar from the wildflowers growing onsite and in the nearby fields and hills.
この場所が養蜂に適していることが分かりましたし、一年目でこれほどの収穫量があるというのはじつに素晴らしいことです。	We realized that this location is ideal for beekeeping, and it's wonderful to have ended up with such a large amount of honey in the first year.
ベントレーは、クルー工場および当社事業を通し、サステナブルな高級自動車メーカーのトップになるべく幅広い活動を進めており、蜜蜂の飼育もその一環です。	Through our efforts at the Crewe factory and in our other business activities, Bentley is committed to a wide range of activities as the lead sustainable car manufacturer, and beekeeping is just one example.
スタッフたちも積極的に協力してくれています。	The staff are also actively getting involved.
無事に初収穫を迎えられたことは大変喜ばしく、来年はより多くの巣箱を設置し、ベントレー産ハチミツの収穫量を増やす計画です。	We are delighted to have had a successful first harvest, and plan to install more hives next year, so that we can increase the yield of Bentley honey.
小さな一歩を踏み出すことが、地域の生物多様性の保全につながります。	This is a first small step towards conserving the biodiversity of the local area.
私どもは自らの役割を果たすべく、今後もさまざまな取り組みを実施して参ります」 2019年5月に12万匹の蜜蜂「フライングBees」の養蜂がスタートしました。	We will also continue with various initiatives appropriate for our role." Bentley started its beekeeping with 120,000 "Flying Bees" in May 2019.
そしてひと夏を過ぎた同年9月に、巣箱から巣枠を取り出す作業が完了し、巣枠を遠心分離機にかけ、滴り落ちたハチミツを濾過したあと、瓶詰めされました。	One summer later, in September, the frames were removed from the hive and put in a centrifuge, and the resulting honey was then filtered and jarred.
ハチミツの瓶とパッケージもベントレーらしいこだわりを見ることができます。	The honey jars and packaging also exhibit Bentley's characteristic commitment to detail.
ラベルのデザインは、ベントレーのインテリアを担当するデザイナー、ルイーズ・マッカラムが担当しました。	The label was designed by Bentley's interior designer, Louise McCallum.
瓶詰めされたハチミツは、スタッフに配られただけでなく、クルー工場を訪問する大切なカスタマーや客人への贈り物にされるそうです。	The jars of honey are not only shared with employees, but are also given as gifts to important guests and customers when they visit the Crewe factory.
英国はティータイムを大切にする国。	England is a country that places great importance on the custom of afternoon tea.
ハチミツとの相性のよいフェンネルティーはもちろんのこと、スコーンなどに「フライングBees」のハチミツを合わせて、午後ティーを楽しみたいものです。	It seems like it would be nice to enjoy some "Flying Bees" honey with a scone and a cup of fennel tea that goes well with honey.
不祥事続きのクリーブランド警察、不正を暴く報告書でイギリス最悪とされるーザ・サン紙	Scandal-hit Cleveland Police force branded the worst in Britain in damning report - The Sun
不祥事続きの警察が監察官からイギリスで最悪という烙印を押された。	A SCANDAL-HIT police force has been branded Britain's worst by inspectors.
クリーブランド警察は不正をあばく報告書で、あらゆる分野において不適切と格付けされた。	Cleveland Police was rated as inadequate in all areas in a damning report.
クリーブランド警察では「重篤な悪化」が続いている、と警察監督局のフィル ゴームリーは言う。	HM's Inspectorate of Constabulary Phil Gormley says Cleveland Police force has seen 'significant deterioration'
この警察では６年で警察署長が５人交代しており、今新たに解体を求める声に直面している。	The force, which has had five chief constables in six years, is now facing fresh calls for it to be disbanded.
報告書によると、犯罪を阻止し、容疑者を逮捕し、社会的弱者を守る努力を怠っていた。	The report found it was failing in efforts to prevent crime, arrest suspects and protect the vulnerable.
警察監督局のフィル ゴームリーは、「われわれが最後に調査したときからずっと重大な悪化が続いている」と述べた。	HM's Inspectorate of Constabulary Phil Gormley said: "There has been a significant deterioration since our last inspection."
警察署長のマイク ヴィールは１月、就任一年足らずで辞任したが、自らの行為について「深刻な」、しかし未公表の複数の容疑の取り調べを受けていた。	Chief Constable Mike Veale quit in January after less than a year while facing an investigation into "serious" but undisclosed allegations about his behaviour.
副所長のエイドリアン ロバーツは、甚だしい違法行為の容疑で逮捕されたのち停職処分となった。	Assistant Chief Constable Adrian Roberts is suspended after being arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct.
警部補のサイモン ハーウッドは昨年、性的行為をするよう同僚に仕向けたという理由で違法行為調査委員会に出頭した。	Last year Det Insp Simon Hurwood appeared before a misconduct panel for grooming colleagues for sex.
彼は警察を辞職した。	He quit the force.
保守党のティーズバレー市長ベン ハウチンは述べた：「これは警察が崩壊していることが正式に検証されたということだ。	Tees Valley's Tory Mayor Ben Houchen said: "This is official validation that the force is broken.
今こそ内務省が介入するときだ。」	It's now time for the Home Office to intervene."
警察署長のリチャード ルイスは「改善はされてきたが、改革を進めることに対して全責任は私にある」と語った。	Chief Constable Richard Lewis said: "Improvements have been made and I take full responsibility for driving through change."
ナンシー・ペロシ：ウィリアム・バーは「犯罪者となった」、弾劾審議は決着をつける必要あり	Nancy Pelosi: William Barr has 'gone rogue' and impeachment investigation needs to take its course
これからどうなるのか誰にもわからない。	You never know where we're going next.
現在、われわれは隠蔽に隠蔽を重ねた事件に関わっていると考えており、調査にある程度時間がかかる可能性がある」とペロシ氏はCNNの取材に対し連邦議会で語った。	Now, I think we're getting involved in the coverup of the coverup, and that may be something that will take some time to investigate," Pelosi said in an interview with CNN on Capitol Hill.
「事実関係と事実発見にかかる時間に基づいて、やり始めた仕事をやるつもりだ」とペロシ氏は述べた。	"They will do the work that they're set out to do, following the facts and the time that it takes to find the facts," she said.
今週発表されたホワイトハウスの記録で、トランプ氏がウクライナのウォロディミル・ゼレンスキー大統領に対し、2020年米大統領選の候補者ジョー・バイデン前副大統領とその息子の捜査を依頼したことがわかった。	A White House transcript released this week showed that Trump asked Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden, a 2020 candidate, and Biden's son.
通話記録によると、その件に関しトランプ氏はまた、バー氏および自身の個人顧問弁護士ルディ・ジュリアーニに協力するようゼレンスキーに依頼したことがわかった。	Trump also asked Zelensky to work with Barr and his personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani on the issue, the call transcript revealed.
トランプ氏は不正を否定している。	Trump has denied he did anything improper.
CNNは、正式な照会の一週間以上も前に、ウクライナを巻き込んだトランプの行為に対する内部告発に最初に気づいたのは司法省の国家安全保障担当の弁護士だった、と木曜に報道した。	CNN reported on Thursday that Justice Department national security lawyers were first alerted to the whistleblower complaint regarding Trump's conduct involving Ukraine more than a week before the formal referral.
情報機関関係者らからの照会として告発を受けた司法省は、トランプ氏の電話会談は政治資金違反捜査には及ばないと判断した。	After receiving the complaint as a referral from the intelligence community officials, the DOJ determined that Trump's phone call did not warrant a campaign finance criminal investigation.
バー氏が証言するべきかという問いに対し、ペロシ氏は諜報特別委員会が誰を証人喚問するか決定すると金曜日に述べた。	Asked if Barr should testify, Pelosi said Friday the Intelligence Committee will decide who to call as witnesses.
しかし、ペロシ氏は、バー氏は「犯罪者になった」と思うと付け加えた。	But she added that she believes Barr "has gone rogue."
確かに、バーはかなり前からそうだった。	He has for a long time now.
「終始バーの名前があげられていたので」とペロシ氏は述べ、ウクライナ大統領との７月の電話会談に関してトランプ氏がバー司法長官の名前を挙げたことに触れた。	"Since (Barr) was mentioned in all of this," Pelosi said, referring to Trump's mention of his attorney general on the July call with Ukraine's leader.
この告発の始末に関してバー氏が判断を迫られるだろうことは興味深い。	It's curious that he would be making decisions about how the complaint would be handled.
ペロシ氏は、情報元となった内部告発者について、トランプ氏が木曜日に告発者をスパイとして攻撃し、昔はスパイに対する扱いは異なっていたとほのめかしたことを受け「非常に懸念している」とした。	Pelosi said she's "very worried" about the whistleblower's sources, whom Trump attacked on Thursday as spies and suggested that in the old days spies were dealt with differently.
大統領の発言はあまりにも無責任であり、危険だと思う。	I think what the President said goes beyond irresponsible, it's dangerous.
ペロシ氏は、内部告発者は米国政府内の不正の暴露、公表に重要な役割を果たしている」とし、さらに、「内部告発者に情報を提供した可能性のある人物について、大統領がとんでもないことを言ったのは、政府内のまとまりを著しく損なうものである」と述べた。	Our whistleblowers have an important role to play in unfolding -- revealing wrongdoing in our government," Pelosi said, adding, "For the President to say what he said about those who may have supplied information to the whistleblower seriously undermines integrity in government."
ペロシ氏は、火曜、政治的利益のために外国首脳に圧力をかけようとした疑惑を巡り、トランプ氏に対して正式に弾劾審議を行うと発表し、歴史的な一歩を記した。	On Tuesday, Pelosi took the historic step of announcing a formal impeachment inquiry over the allegations that he attempted to pressure a foreign leader for political gain.
通話内容は木曜に公開された告発文の中に含まれており、その中で内部告発者は、トランプ氏が次回の2020年大統領選挙でウクライナの「介入を求める」ために職権を濫用したと主張している。	The phone call was included in a complaint publicly released Thursday, in which a whistleblower alleged Trump abused his powers to "solicit interference" from Ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election.
また、内部告発者は、ホワイトハウスの顧問弁護士らが通話記録を閣僚級用のコンピューターシステムから削除し、特別機密情報用のシステムに移し替えるよう、関係者に指示したとも申し立てた。	The whistleblower also alleged that White House lawyers directed officials to remove the transcript of the call from a computer system that stores them for Cabinet-level officials and instead put the transcript in a system for especially sensitive information.
クリスタル パレスのフォワード　クリスチャン ベンテケ、スピード違反で運転禁止処分	Christian Benteke: Crystal Palace striker faces driving ban for speeding
二か月で二度のスピード違反で検挙されたプレミアリーグのスター、クリスチャン ベンテケは運転禁止処分を受けそうだ。	Premier League star Christian Benteke is facing a possible driving ban after he was caught speeding twice in two months.
クリスタルパレスの２８才のフォワードは、１月２０日、自分のベントレーを運転し、ロンドン南西部リッチモンドのA3の制限速度時速５０マイルのところを時速８０マイルで走行したことを認めた。	The Crystal Palace striker, 28, has admitted driving his Bentley at 80mph in a 50mph zone on the A3 in Richmond, south west London, on January 20.
このベルギー人はその後３月には、ロンドン南西部パトニーで、制限速度時速４０マイルの倍以上の時速８９マイルで走行しているところをスピード違反取締カメラが撮影した。	The Belgian was then flashed by speed cameras at 89mph, more than double the 40mph limit, in Putney, south west London, in March.
サリー州キングストン ヒルに住むベンテケは、今朝はラベンダー ヒルの治安判事裁判所に出廷する必要はない。	Benteke, of Kingston Hill, Surrey, is not required to be present at Lavender Hill Magistrates' Court this morning.
７月初めに行われた治安判事１人が審理して軽犯罪の判決を言い渡す単一答弁手続きのもとで、ベンテケはこの二つの違反について有罪を認めた。	He pleaded guilty to both offences at the start of July under the single justice procedure, where minor offences are decided by a magistrate sitting alone.
台湾の高校生、9.2％が「経験あり」 避妊しない割合増加＝保健当局調べ（中央社フォーカス台湾 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	9.2% of Taiwanese high school students say that they are "experienced" Increase in not using contraception= Health authority study (Chuosha Focus Taiwan)- Yahoo!news
（台北 27日 中央社）衛生福利部（保健省）国民健康署は9月26日の「世界避妊デー」に合わせ、台湾の高校生の性交経験などに関する調査結果を同日に発表した。	(Chuosha, Taipei 27th) The Ministry of Health and Welfare (Ministry of Public Health) National Health Office released a survey on Taiwanese teenagers' sexual intercourse experiences on September 26, to coincide with "World Contraception Day"
これによると、経験があると回答した生徒は9.2 ％ 。	According to the survey, 9.2% of the students answered that they've had sexual experience.
このうち約5人に1人が避妊をしていないことも明らかになった。	They also found that about one in five students were not using contraception.
調査は高校や専門高校、高等専門学校に在籍する生徒を対象に2017年に実施された。	The survey was conducted in 2017, on students enrolled in high school, vocational schools and colleges of technology.
前回（15年）の調査結果と比較すると、性交経験がある生徒の割合は前回の11.1％から若干減少。	Compared to the previous survey (2015), the students that have had sexual intercourse has decreased slightly from the previous result of 11.1%.
その一方で、15～17歳の男女22.6％が直近の性行為で避妊をしなかったと回答しており、前回の19.2％を上回った。	On the other hand, 22.6% of 15-17 years old males and females replied that they did not use contraception during their most recent sexual experience, which is an increase from the previous 19.2%.
内訳は男子28.8 ％ （ 前回22.6 ％ ） 、女子16.2 ％ （ 同14.5 ％ ） で、いずれも増加傾向にあることが分かる。	The breakdown is male 28.8% (previous 22.6%) and female 16.2% (previous 14.5%) and it shows an increasing trend.
同署は、現代の青少年はインターネットで情報を得る機会が多くなっており、誤った情報に接して考え方が偏ってしまいやすいと指摘。	The authority pointed out that modern teens have more opportunities to acquire information on the internet and are susceptible to encountering incorrect information that may bias their understanding.
避妊を怠ると妊娠だけでなく、感染症などのリスクも増加するとして、正しい知識を持つよう呼び掛けている。	They are calling to acquire correct understanding as neglect in contraception may not only lead to pregnancy, but also to increased risk of infection.
（張茗喧／編集：塚越西穂）	(Ming Zhang/ Editor: Nishiho Tsukagoshi)
ガーナ：コフィ・マヌ氏、審査委員会構成に懸念	Ghana: Kofi Manu Concerned Over Structure of Vetting Committee
セコンディ・ハサッカスのフットボールアドミニストレーター兼役員であるコフィ・マヌ氏は、次回のガーナ・サッカー協会（GFA)選挙の審査委員会の構成について懸念を表明している。	Mr. Kofi Manu, a football administrator and an official of Sekondi Hasaacas has raised concerns over the composition of the Vetting Committee for the upcoming Ghana Football Association (GFA) elections.
フランク・デイビイズ委員長を含めることを疑問視した上で、そのことに対して不満を表明した。	He questioned the inclusion of the Committee's Chairman, Mr. Frank Davies, adding that he was not happy with his inclusion.
マヌ氏はGNAスポーツとの取材において、委員長は審査過程結果に利害関係があり、会長を含めるのは公平か疑問だと述べた。	Mr. Manu in an interview with the GNA Sport said, he had doubts the Chairman of the Committee would be fair since he had interest in the outcome of the vetting process.
審査委員会は、各委員と関係がないか、以前に利害のない外部からの公正中立なメンバーで構成するべきである。	The Vetting Committee should be neutral people from outside who have not shown affiliation with any member and who have not shown interest before.
例えば、デイビス氏は弁護士としてNCと契約し、１割報酬に関してオセイ・クワク・パーマ氏に手紙を書いた。	For instance, Mr. Davies was contracted by the NC as a lawyer to write to Osei Kwaku Palmer concerning a 10 per cent payment.
同氏はオリンピック支持者としても知られている。	He is also a known Olympics supporter.
こうした２つの理由から、彼には利害があるということで、審査委員の任務は許可されるべきではない、とマヌ 氏は反論した。	For these two reasons, he should not be allowed to serve on the vetting committee because he has interest," he argued.
マヌ氏は、オリンピック理事のフレッド・パポエ氏が委員会に出席すれば、氏のクラブとの関係性から委員長側に利益相反が生じると述べる一方で、パーマー氏が委員会に出席すれば、氏に対しては偏見と不公平があることを示唆した。	Mr. Manu said there would be conflict of interest on the Chairman's part if Mr. Fred Pappoe, a Director of Olympics appear before the Committee because of his affiliation to the club whilst suggesting there would be prejudice and partiality towards Mr. Palmer if he appeared before the Committee.
委員会メンバーは、9月19日（木）にGFAアクラ事務局で開催された式典で就任後、昨日より活動開始し、10月4日に終了する予定であった。	Members of the Committee were expected to begin work from yesterday and end on October 4 after being sworn in at a ceremony held at the GFA Secretariat in Accra on Thursday September 19.
委員長は、コーポレート・ガバナンス・コンサルタント社のフランク・デイビス氏、委員は弁護士のマリアン・バーノア氏とエマニュエル・ダークワー氏。	The chairman of the Committee is Mr. Frank Davies with Corporate Governance Consultant and legal practitioner, Mrs. Marian Barnor and Mr. Emmanuel Darkwah as members.
その他の委員には、マーケティング・営業担当のレジナルド・ラリエア氏、スポーツ理事で弁護士のリチャード・アクポカヴィ氏がいる。	Other members are Mr. Reginald Laryea, Marketing and Business Executive and Mr. Richard Akpokavie, a Sports Administrator and Legal Practitioner.
国が掲げる最低賃金の引き上げ目標「時給千円」について、福井県内中小企業の５４・２％が「最低賃金千円でもよい」と考えていることが、福井商工会議所の調査で分かった。	Regarding the government's target of raising the minimum wage to 1,000 yen per hour, an investigation carried out by the Fukui Chamber of Commerce and Industry found that 54.2% of small to medium businesses in Fukui Prefecture think that the minimum wage can be 1,000 yen.
２０１８年度は９割の企業が採用募集を行った一方で、予定数を「確保できた」とする企業の割合は新卒・中途の正社員で５割前後、非正規社員採用では３割にとどまっており、人材確保に苦悩する企業像が浮かび上がった。	Despite 90% of businesses carrying out recruitment drives in the 2018 financial year, of the companies that said they were able to secure the required number of labourers, regular employees - whether recently graduated or switching jobs mid-career - made up around 50% of this amount, whilst the recruitment of non-regular employees accounted for 30%, exposing the emerging struggle for companies to secure labour.
時給千円への引き上げに「賛成」と答えた企業は情報関連（１００ ％ ） 、建設業（７０・６ ％ ） 、卸売業（６１・７ ％ ） が多かった。	Of the companies who answered that they were in favour of raising the hourly wage to 1,000 yen, IT-related (100%), construction (70.6%) and wholesale (61.7%) companies were in the majority.
「反対」とする割合が過半数だったのは製造業（５１・９ ％ ） と飲食、宿泊を含むサービス業（６０・９ ％ ） で、運輸業は賛否同数だった。	Conversely, respondents with a majority opposed to this move came from the manufacturing (51.9%) and hospitality - including dining and accommodation (60.9%) industries, whereas the transportation industry was split 50/50 for and against.
同会議所の担当者は「パートや時間給の多い業種で反対の割合が高い傾向はあるが、人材確保が難しく、人件費を増やそうと考える企業が多くなっている」とみる。	According to a representative from the Chamber of Commerce, "The kinds of industries with a lot of part-time workers or staff paid by the hour tended to be more opposed to the idea, but as it is difficult to secure personnel, many companies are actually looking to increase their labour costs."
「反対」と回答した企業が、引き上げ可能とした時給金額の平均は８９５円（福井県は１０月４日から８２９円）だった。	The hourly wage deemed acceptable by companies opposed to the increase to 1,000 yen averaged to 895 yen (In Fukui Prefecture, it is 829 yen from October 4th).
１９年３月入社の採用状況を聞いたところ、正社員の新卒採用は６１・３ ％ 、 中途採用は５４・５ ％ 、 非正規採用は１５・４％の企業が実施。	When asked about the state of recruitment in March 2019, 61.3% of companies hired recently graduated regular employees, 54.5% hired workers switching jobs mid-career, and 15.4% hired non-regular employees.
募集しなかったのは８・６％だった。	8.6% did not recruit at all.
予定数を「確保できた」企業の割合は、新卒で４４・７ ％ 、 中途５０・３ ％ 、 非正規は３１・１％にとどまった。	Of the companies that said they were able to secure the required number of employees, recent graduates accounted for 44.7%, workers switching jobs mid-career accounted for 50.3%, and non-regular employees accounted for 31.1%.
特に運輸業（新卒１３・３ ％ 、 中途３７・５ ％ ） と建設業（新卒２４・１ ％ 、 中途３８・１ ％ ） が苦戦した。	In particular, the transportation industry (13.3% new graduates, 37.5% mid-career) and the construction industry (24.1% new graduates, 38.1% mid-career) struggled.
全体の８６・４％が採用面で課題を抱えており、多い順に「応募者数の少なさ 」 「 会社知名度の低さ 」 「 賃金で有利な条件を提示できない 」 ― などを挙げた。	Overall, 86.4% of the companies encountered issues in the recruitment process, with the most commonly cited problems being the low number of applicants, the relatively unknown status of the company, and the inability to offer better wage conditions, respectively.
採用活動で行政に求める施策としては、第２新卒（卒業後３年以内に離職）や中途採用のための紹介機能強化と情報提供を求める声が多かった。	Many expressed the wish for the government to update its policy regarding employment activity, asking for more information sharing and strengthened recruitment programs for second-wave graduates (employees who leave a position within three years of graduating) and mid-career employees.
県外出身学生へのＰＲの機会提供や多様なインターンシップへの支援など、学生へのアプローチの後押しを求める意見もあった。	Others suggested the need to boost the approach towards students through the support of various internships and the provision of PR opportunities to encourage students from outside the prefecture.
国が成長戦略で提唱する副業・兼業に関しては、１５・３％が「既に認めている」と回答。	Regarding second jobs and side business as advocated by the national growth strategy, 15.3% of companies responded that they had already approved of this.
「今後は認めるつもり」の２０・３％を含めると、全体の３分の１が容認姿勢を示した。	Including the 20.3% of respondents who indicated that they planned to approve of this in the future, this reveals that one third of all respondents showed an approving attitude.
「認めない」とする企業は６４・４％で、建設業（８２・８ ％ ） 、小売業（７３・１ ％ ） 、製造業（７２・７ ％ ） が高かった。	64.4% of companies answered that they did not approve, with the highest percentage coming from the construction industry (82.8%), retail industry (73.1%) and manufacturing industry (72.7%).
調査は７月１９日～８月２日、会員企業１千社を対象に行った。	The survey was conducted from July 19th to August 2nd, targeting 1,000 member companies.
２９８社（２９・８ ％ ） から回答を得た。	Of those, responses were received from 298 companies (29.8%).
台風で線路被害のJR大村線 始発から運転再開（KTNテレビ長崎 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Services to be resumed from the first train on the JR Omura line that was damaged by the typhoon (KTN Television Nagasaki) - Yahoo!News
台風17号により線路に被害が出たことで運転を見合わせていたJR大村線は、27日朝の始発から運転を再開しました。	The JR Omura line, on which operations had been suspended due to damage sustained from Typhoon Tapah, reopened on the 27th from the first train.
JR大村線や直通する佐世保線、長崎本線は27日朝の始発から、通常運行に戻りました。	The JR Omura line, which connects directly to the Sasebo line and the Nagasaki main line, returned to normal service from the first train in the morning on the 27th.
JR大村線は川棚駅と彼杵駅の中間地点で、線路わきの護岸が台風の影響で崩れ、土台が流れ出しました。	A section of track between Kawatana Station and Sonogi Station was damaged when the typhoon caused a river dike running alongside the track to burst, washing away the ballast.
竹松と早岐駅の間では運転見合わせとなったほか、長崎県内のJRの列車は本数が減ったり、ダイヤの乱れが続いていました。	In addition to a suspended service between Takematsu Station and Haiki Station, fewer JR trains were running in Nagasaki Prefecture, leading to a disruption of the normal train schedule.
JR九州長崎支社によりますと、26日復旧工事が完了し、27日の未明に試運転の列車を走らせた後、運行を再開したということです。	According to the JR Kyushu Nagasaki branch office, repair work was completed on the 26th, and then reopened on the 27th after doing a test run in the early morning.
ティプリック、豪との決戦を前にときの声	Tipuric issues rallying call ahead of Aussie showdown
「いまこそ見せ場だ」ウェールズが今後のトーナメントの行方を決定するワールドカップ天王山、オーストラリア戦を迎えるにあたって、ジャスティン・ティプリックはこう述べた。	Justin Tipuric says "it is time to perform" when Wales face a World Cup showdown against Australia that could shape their destiny in the tournament.
ウェールズがワラビーズに勝利すれば、プールDで最も熱い勝利候補におしあがり、おそらくフランスまたはアルゼンチンを相手にした準々決勝が確実となる。	Victory for Wales against the Wallabies would install them as red-hot favourites to win Pool D and secure a likely quarter-final appointment with France or Argentina.
一方でこれまで15対戦してきたオーストラリアが対ウェールズ戦14勝目となる勝利をものにすれば、ティプリックとチームはイングランドとのベスト8争い一直線ということになる。	But if Australia beat Wales for a 14th time in the last 15 meetings, it could send Tipuric and company hurtling towards a last-eight clash against England.
「当然のことだよ、両チームとも挑戦してグループトップで勝ち上がって終わりたいんだよ。」とウェールズのフランカー、ティプリックは言った。	"There is no bones about it, both teams want to try and get through and finish top of the group," Wales flanker Tipuric said.
これまで対（オーストラリア）戦は厳しい結果が出たこともあったけど、去年の秋には勝てて良かった。	There have been some tough results in the past, but it was nice to get a win last autumn against them (Australia).
オーストラリアは借りを返そうとかなり責めてくると思うけど、もう一度絶対勝てるように頑張るまでだ。	I think they will be chomping at the bit to get that back from us, and we want to make sure we get another win.
ここに来る前から、この試合が山だってことはわかってた。	Before we even came in here, you knew this was going to be a big one.
そして今ここに来たんだ、今こそ本当の見せ場だ。	Now we are here, it's time to perform, really.
ウェールズはこれまでのワールドカップでは対オーストラリア、ニュージーランド、南アフリカいずれも一勝のみで、しかもワラビーズへの勝利は32年前の三位決定戦だ。	Wales have only claimed one victory against Australia, New Zealand or South Africa in World Cup history - and that was 32 years ago in a third-place play-off when they toppled the Wallabies.
そしてウォレン・ガットランド監督の下での、南半球重量級3チームに対する全成績は41戦中7勝のみ。	And their overall record under head coach Warren Gatland shows just seven wins from 41 attempts at the hands of the three southern hemisphere heavyweights.
ウェールズは去年11月テストマッチオーストラリア戦の連敗を13でストップしたが、ティプリックはその試合9-6で勝利を収めた数名の代表メンバーに含まれており、この日曜に東京スタジアムでプレイする選手の一人だ。	Wales halted a 13-Test losing sequence at Australia's hands last November, with Tipuric set to be among several survivors from that 9-6 success who run out at Tokyo Stadium on Sunday.
その勝利前にはやはり勝てる気がしなかったんじゃないかと聞かれ、ティプリックは語った：「答えるのは難しい。	Asked if there had been a mental block prior to that win, Tipuric added: "It's tough to say.
確かに試合はきつかったし、多分、、、みんなも勝てるわけないと考えてただろうけど、よくわからないんだ。	Those games are so tight, there is maybe... people would expect there was a bit of a mental block, I don't know.
結果的に、最終試合で確か15ポイントぐらいをあげたから、実際よりもスコア的にはずっと僅差だったように見えたんだ。」	In the end in the last game we probably left about 15 points out there, so it made the scoreline look a lot closer than it actually was."
ウェールズが勝利するには、バック・ローとして崇拝されているオーストラリアのコンビ、マイケル・フーパーとデイビッド・ポコックと、ティプリックとのブレークダウンバトルがカギを握る。	If Wales are to triumph, then Tipuric's battle at the breakdown with Australia's revered back-row double act Michael Hooper and David Pocock will be crucial.
これまで国際大会67試合出場経験があるティプリックは、過去に何試合か両選手とも戦った経験があり、何が待ち構えているかしっかり分かっている。	The 67 times-capped Tipuric has encountered both players on several previous occasions, and he knows exactly what is coming.
「彼らは間違いなく世界レベルのバックス選手だよ」と彼は言う。	"They are absolutely world-class sevens," he said.
ワールドグラスのバックローと対戦する時には、自分がこれから厳しい試合に臨むことになるって、常に分かるもんなんだ。	When you play against world-class back-rowers you always know you are going to be in for a tough game.
あの二人は常に世界最高レベルであり続けている。	Those two are consistently up there with the best in the world.
だからどんな試合になるのか、十分承知だ。	You know what type of game you are going to be in for.
ポコックは守備的な戦い方では世界一のバックス選手の一人で、マイケルの方はどちらかというと攻撃的なバックスだけど、必要なときに必要な場所にちゃんと行ってるという意味ではよりラグビーのことが分かってると言えるかもしれない。	Pocock is one of the best players in the world over the ball defensively - and Michael is more of an attacking seven and probably has a bit more of a rugby brain to be in the right place at the right time.
やっぱりそう強くもないバックローと対戦するよりは、世界最高のプレイヤーと戦って自分を高めたいと思うよ。	You would rather play the best players in the world and challenge yourself, rather than face a back-row that isn't as good.
最高の相手と戦いたいし、あの二人と対戦するならやっぱり自分も調子を整えておかなくちゃいけないんだ。	You want to play against the best, and you know against those two you will have to be on form.
この日曜日が決勝レベルとは言わないけど、僕らにとってはワールドカップの中でも大事な試合だよ。	I wouldn't say that Sunday is so much a cup final, but it's an important game for us in this World Cup.
勢いが大事だ。	Momentum is an important part of it.
いいパフォーマンスを続けて積み上げていけば、後は勢いに乗って負けない試合ができるよ。	If you keep on building and putting in good performances, you are going to be flying and tough to beat.
「番狂わせ 」 、 地元は頭抱え沈黙 アイルランド、衝撃のＷ杯敗北｜静岡新聞アットエス	"A surprise result", locals hold their heads in silence as Ireland go out of the World Cup in a shocking defeat | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
２８日、アイルランドの首都ダブリンのパブでラグビーＷ杯の日本戦を観戦し、ピンチに険しい表情を見せる地元ファン（共同）	28th: local fans in a pub in the Irish capital of Dublin have grim expressions on their faces as they watch their team struggle in the Rugby World Cup match against Japan (pool photo)
【ダブリン共同】ラグビーのワールドカップ（Ｗ杯）で日本代表に敗れた強豪アイルランドの地元では２８日、朝からパブに駆け付けて応援していた地元のファンらが予想外の敗北に無言で頭を抱えた。	Dublin: In the home country of the strong team that lost out to Japan in the Rugby World Cup on the 28th, fans that had flocked to pubs in the morning to support their team now hold their heads speechless at the unexpected defeat.
公共放送ＲＴＥは「勇ましい日本による驚くべき番狂わせだ」と動揺を隠せない。	The public broadcaster RTE couldn't even hide their emotions, saying it was "an amazingly unexpected result from brave Japan".
アイルランドで試合が始まったのは現地時間午前８時すぎ。	The match started just after 8am local time in Ireland.
ＦＢカーニーが共同経営する首都ダブリンのパブには朝早くにもかかわらずファンらが集まった。	Despite being so early in the morning, many fans had gathered at a pub in the capital of Dublin that is jointly managed by the fullback Rob Kearney.
試合前は一様に勝利を確信していたが、終盤に劣勢となるにつれ「ダメだ」と絶叫にも似た大声が上がるように。	Everyone was convinced of victory before the game started, but as their lead slipped away in the final moments of the game, there were increasing shouts of "No!"
試合終了のホイッスルが鳴ると、店内は沈黙に包まれた。	When the whistle was blown at the end of the match, the pub was shrouded in silence.
東電、海洋放出時の手順案提示 風評被害抑制念頭に｜静岡新聞アットエス	TEPCO proposes procedure for releasing water into the ocean, with reputation damage control in mind | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
東京電力福島第１原発の処理水の扱いを議論する政府小委員会の会合＝２７日午後、東京都港区	Meeting of the government subcommittee at Minato Ward, Tokyo on the afternoon of the 27th, discussing how to dispose of the treated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant
福島第１原発で増え続ける処理水の扱いを検討する２７日の政府小委員会で東京電力は、処分方法として国内外で実績がある海洋放出と水蒸気放出をする場合に想定される設備や具体的な手順案を提示した。	TEPCO representatives met at a government subcommittee on the 27th to discuss what to do with the ever increasing amount of treated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, presenting the equipment and specific procedure deemed necessary in the cases of releasing it into the ocean and evaporation into the atmosphere, both of which have been proven as disposal methods both in Japan and overseas.
放射性物質トリチウムなどが含まれているため風評被害抑制を念頭に、物質濃度を確認し、放出までに異常を検知した際は緊急停止するとしている。	To reign in and curb any misinformation, due to radioactive materials such as tritium being present in the water, TEPCO says they will check the concentration, and if any abnormality is detected before release, they would perform an emergency shutdown.
この日の会合で示された手順案に関し委員からは「どれぐらいの時間をかけるのか明確にしてほしい 」 「 福島の漁業が復興していない状況での放出と、ある程度回復してから放出するのは意味が違ってくる。	Regarding the procedures proposed in the meeting, committee members said they would like clarification on how much time it will take, and pointed out that the significance of releasing into the ocean would change depending on whether Fukushima's fishing industry was still in an unrecovered state, or if it was done once it had been restored somewhat.
社会の時間軸も考慮すべきだ」などの意見が出た。	Therefore it was said that TEPCO also needs to consider the timeline of society.
イーストエンダーズ、ネタバレ：ホイットニーの爆弾ニュースの後にベンがカラムにキス	EastEnders spoilers: Ben kisses Callum after Whitney's bombshell
イーストエンダーズでは、ホイットニー・ディーン（ショーナ・マクガーティ）の突然の爆弾ニュースにカラム・ハイウェイ（トニー・クレイ）はびっくり、それでカラムは愛人の元に戻ることになり、カラムとベン・ミッチェル（マックス・ボウエン）の熱い緊張がまた爆発寸前。	The sizzling tension between Callum Highway (Tony Clay) and Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) is set to explode once more in EastEnders as a sudden bombshell from Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) leaves Callum thrown - and leads him back into the arms of his lover.
だが、２人の恋愛関係は始まるのか、この熱い瞬間を後悔することになるのか？	But will they commence a relationship or will they regret their heated moment?
カラムがベンを助け、困っているボビー・ビール（クレイ・ミルナー・ラッセル）も進んで助けて以来、２人の関係はゆっくりと進んできたものの、カラムは最近、ベンの弱気になったり、優しいところを見たのが嬉しかったとベンに言い、ちょっとデートしてみようかと考えてもいる。	Since Callum helped to save Ben's life and then also stepped up for a struggling Bobby Beale (Clay Milner Russell), he and Ben have been taking things slowly but have been flirting with the idea of going on a date, with Callum recently telling Ben that it was nice to see his vulnerable and softer side.
今夜、ホイットニーが、行く前よりかなり気分を良くして休暇から戻る。	Tonight, Whitney returns from her holiday in a much better frame of mind than she left.
悲惨な結婚式と花婿となるはずだった人が浮気していたということが発覚した直後にウォルフォードから離れたことは、彼女にとても効果があったことは明白。	It's clearly done her the world of good to get away from Walford in the wake of her disastrous wedding and the revelation that her husband-to-be had cheated on her.
ホイットニーは帰宅すると、カラムと腹を割って話合うことになった。	As she arrives home, she ends up having a heart to heart with Callum.
しかし、まもなく、ホイットニーは新事実を知ってカラムに平手打ちを加え、カラムはよろめく。	But soon, she hits him with a revelation that leaves him reeling.
カラムは動揺し、ジェイ・ミッチェル（ジェイミー・ボースウィック）はクイーン・ヴィックでガブ飲みするカラムを見て心配する。	As Callum reacts badly, Jay Mitchell (Jamie Borthwick) is concerned to see him knocking back the booze in the Queen Vic.
酔って感情的になったカラムはベンのところへ乗り込み、起こったこと全部をぶちまけ、ベンを責める。	Drunk and emotional, Callum marches round to Ben's and confronts him over everything that has happened, blaming him.
ベンはカラムの怒りを平静に受け止めて慰めの言葉をかけ、まもなく２人がキスをかわすとカラムのフラストレーションは情熱へと変わる。	Ben is calm and accepts the outburst before offering solace to Callum and before long, Callum's frustration turns into passion as they share a kiss.
だが、２人はこれからどうするのか？	But where will they go from here?
２人は次の週にデートしようとしたが、ベンはこれまでの付き合いについて考える材料を与えられ、一緒にやっていこうとしていた全てがダメになりそうになる。	The couple will attempt a date next week but after Ben is given food for thought over his relationship history, it threatens to derail everything that the couple are working towards.
しかし、ゲイの父親に立ち向かって新たな自信がついたカラムは、自分の求める物、ふさわしい物を手に入れるために戦おうと決心する。	But after standing up to his homophobic dad, a newly confident Callum is determined to fight for what he wants - and deserves.
イーストエンダーのこのキスエピソードは、9月27日金曜夜8時30分にBBC１で放送される。	EastEnders airs the kiss on Friday 27th September at 8:30pm on BBC One.
吉本興業が「ギャラの9割」を持っていくなら、芸人からの贈与になるってホント？	Is it true that if Yoshimoto Kogyo takes “90% of guarantee”, it would be considered as gifts from Entertainers?
反社会的勢力への闇営業をきっかけにした吉本興業の一連の問題で、ギャラをめぐる問題もクローズアップされている。	In a series of problems at Yoshimoto Kogyo, triggered by shady business with anti-social forces, the problems surrounding guarantees are also attracting attention.
岡本昭彦社長が7月22日の会見で 、 「 会社が9でタレントが1とか、そういうことは全くない」として、平均で「5:5から6:4」だとしているが、これに芸人たちが反発している。	At a press conference on July 22nd, president Okamoto Akihiko said, "there is no such thing as the company getting 90% and entertainers getting 10%", and states that on average is “5:5 or 6:4", but entertainers are rallying against that.
「9:1」の比率について、9割を吉本が持っていくのなら、芸人から吉本への贈与があったとみなされ、税金がかかるという投資家の見解もツイッターで流れており、3万回以上リツイートされている。	There are opinions by investors on Twitter that if Yoshimoto take 90% on the “9:1” ratio, then it will be considered to be a gift from the entertainers to Yoshimoto which is taxable, and this has been re-tweeted over 30,000 times.
もし、ギャラの取り分が「9:1」だった場合、贈与税がかかることはあるのか。	If the share of guarantee is "9:1", will there be a gift tax?
安藤由紀税理士に聞いた。	We have asked certified tax accountant, Yuki Ando.
●そもそも法人は贈与税の対象ではない	●Corporations are not subjected to gift tax in the first place
ギャラ配分割合の是非についてはともかくとして、税務の立場からお答えします。	Putting aside the issue of distribution rate of the guarantee, I will answer this from a tax accountant's perspective.
吉本興業は個人ではなく法人なので、そもそも贈与税の対象ではありません。	Yoshimoto Kogyo is a corporation and not an individual, and they are not subject to gift tax in the first place.
仮に100万円のお仕事の取り分が『9:1』だった場合、吉本興業は売上100万円、経費10万円で差額90万円の利益が出ます。	Say for example the distribution of a 1 million yen job is "9:1"; Yoshimoto Kogyo's revenue will be 1 million yen, expense would be 100 thousand yen and profit will be 900 thousand yen.
これは法人税の対象となります。	That would be subject to corporate tax.
もちろん、このように税務申告をして、すでに法人税を納めているはずです。	I am sure they filed like so and have paid their corporate tax.
また、芸人さんは、配分について疑問に思っていたとしても、実際にもらっている金額が、本来もらうべき金額と違うじゃないかと主張しているわけではないのですよね。	Also, it’s not like the entertainers are saying what they actually received is not what they should be receiving, even if they have doubt regarding distribution rate.
そして、もらった金額を売上として申告していると思います。	And I think they are filing taxes depending on how much they have actually received.
贈与は 、 「 ○○円をあげます、もらいます」を双方しっかり認識した上での行為を言うので、あげた側（芸人さん）がそれを認識していないのであれば、相手が個人だったとしても贈与とはならないでしょう。	Gift is about both parties acting on the understanding of “giving and receiving XX amount”, hence if the giver (entertainer) does not recognize that, it would not become a gift even if the counterpart was an individual.
明らかに価格があるもの（例えば不動産の売買など）を、租税回避の目的で本来の相場とはかけ離れた価格で取引をした場合は、税金の計算をする上で問題です。	If you trade something that clearly has a price (e.g. buying or selling real estate) at a price that is far from the original market price to avoid paying taxes, there would be a problem with calculating tax.
ただし、今回のように、双方が争いなく取引してきたものに対して、税務的に適正な価格がいくらなのかを第三者が勝手には決められないでしょう。	However, for cases such as this, where both parties have been transacting without any conflict, it will be hard for a third party to decide what the appropriate price is from a taxation point of view.
個人的には1円の支払調書は気の毒だと思いますが。	I personally feel sorry for the 1yen payment record, though.
【取材協力税理士】 安藤 由紀（あんどう・ゆき）税理士 大学卒業後、銀行勤務を経て2008年に税理士登録（簿記、財務諸表論、法人税法、所得税法、相続税法の5科目合格 ） 。	[Contributing Tax Accountant] Ando Yuki Certified Tax accountant After graduating from university and working for a bank, she registered as a tax accountant in 2008. (Passed five courses including bookkeeping, finance statements, corporate tax law, income tax law, and inheritance tax law)
大学講師、セミナー、執筆など業務は幅広い。	Her wide range of work includes university lectures, seminars, and writing.
経理初心者向けのわかりやすい解説に定評あり。	She has a reputation for her easy to understand commentary for beginners learning accounting.
ホワイトハウス、弾劾の足掛かりが掴めず大パニック	'Total panic' as White House struggles to find impeachment footing
ホワイトハウス関係者は、木曜、新たな民主党の弾劾圧力に反論すべく躍起になっていおり、この問題に詳しい関係者は、新たに浮上した現実に対処する計画が乏しいことに対して、ここ一週間「大パニック」感があると説明した。	White House officials were scrambling to figure out how to counter the renewed Democratic impeachment push Thursday, with one source familiar with the situation describing a sense of "total panic" over the past week at the lack of a plan to address the new reality.
ホワイトハウスに近い人物は、西棟の雰囲気について、内部告発者の申し立てが大統領および一部の周辺人物に多大なダメージを与える可能性について「懸念、不安、心配」が高まっているようだと述べた。	There appears to be rising "anxiety, unease, and concern" - as one person close to the White House described the mood in the West Wing - that the whistleblower's allegations could seriously wound the president and some of those around him.
その人物は「実態がないということにあまり自身がない」と語った。	"There's not a lot of confidence that there's no there there," this person said.
ホワイトハウス関係者は、この状況に対する明白な計画がないばかりか、大統領が今までに物議をうまくかわすのにとってきた通常の方策は適用できない可能性があるほど、この申し立てが非常に深刻なものであるため、どのように進めていいか確信がもてないままであった、「次に報道されるニュースにかき消されるようなものではないようだ」とこの関係者は冗談めかした。	White House officials remained unsure of how to proceed, not only because is there no apparent plan for the situation, but because the allegations are so serious that the usual methods the president has used to successfully escape past controversies may not apply: "This doesn't look like something that's going to be overtaken by the next news cycle," the person quipped.
この論争に詳しい別の人物は、この弾劾尋問が長引けば、大統領が常軌を逸した返答をして「手に負えなく」なる見込みが高まるため、警戒心を高めているホワイトハウス内の雰囲気を「大ショックをうけた状態」と表現した。	Another person familiar with the discussions described the mood inside the White House as "shell-shocked," with increasing wariness that as this impeachment inquiry drags out, the likelihood increases that the president could respond erratically and become "unmanageable."
別の情報筋は、弾劾尋問中、大統領のプレッシャーは日々募ると見られ、大統領がさらに「衝動的な」振る舞いをすると見込んでいる大統領側近もいると語り、こうした懸念が広がっている。	That concern was echoed by another source, who said some around the president anticipate he will engage in more "impulsive" behavior, with pressure expected to build on him daily during the impeachment inquiry.
トランプがますます予測できない行動をとったり、予想外の手段で激しい攻撃をする可能性に対する懸念に拍車をかけており、選挙年という環境における大統領および政治に対する憂慮となっている。	That's sparking worries that Trump could display increasingly unpredictable behavior and lash out in unexpected ways - both a presidential and a political concern in an election year environment.
トランプは大統領任期でこれまでにないような最大の脅威に直面し、ロバート・モラーのロシア捜査中に自身が効果的と判断した戦略を復活させるなど、攻撃側になったり弁護側になったり手を変えてきた。	With his presidency facing what may be its biggest threat yet, Trump has cycled from offense to defense, reviving a strategy that he viewed as effective during Robert Mueller's Russia investigation.
トランプは、政敵の捜査に協力してほしいとしたウクライナ大統領への依頼を軽視しようとし、民主党とジョー・バイデン大統領候補の活動へ関心を逸らし、また、党派対立の動機があるとして内部告発者の信用を落とそうと試みた。	He tried to downplay his request for the Ukrainian president to help investigate his political rivals, to divert attention to actions by Democrats and presidential contender Joe Biden, and to discredit the whistleblower as having partisan motives.
しかし、ホワイトハウス関係者の多くがモラー捜査の試練に耐えているものの、今回は違いを感じ始めている、と側近らは語った。	But while many in the White House are battle-tested from the Mueller investigation, this time is starting to feel different, aides and advisers said.
力がブランドとされている大統領だが、水曜の記者会見では参っているように見えた、とこの状況に詳しい人物は語った。	For a president whose brand is viewed as strength, Wednesday's press conference made him look defeated, said one person familiar with the situation.
トランプはロシア疑惑捜査に関する質問を楽しんだものの、ウクライナに関する質問について答える心境ではなかったようだ。	While Trump relished questions on the Russia investigation, he seemed to be in no mood to answer questions about Ukraine, they said.
内部告発者は、論争の的となっているトランプ大統領とヴォロジミール・ゼレンスキー、ウクライナ大統領との通話の直接情報を持っていなかったという事実を把握している人物がいるとして、内部告発者の信用性を損なう事実だと主張し、ダメージは軽減できると確信している大統領側近もいる。	Some allies of the president believe the damage could be mitigated, with some seizing on the fact that the whistleblower did not have first-hand knowledge of the controversial call in question between President Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy - a fact which they argue damages his or her credibility.
さらに、大統領が攻撃されるとよく起こることだが、そうした事実で弁護するために支持層の勢いが増す。	And, as often happens, when the president is under siege, that fact energizes his core supporters in his defense.
しかし、ホワイトハウスに近いある共和党の戦略家は、大統領の基本支持率はすでに非常に高く、弾劾による新たな支持者獲得への効果はあまりないだろうと指摘する。	But one Republican strategist close to the White House points out that the president's base approval ratings are already sky-high - and impeachment will do little to win over new supporters.
特に、弾劾が立法議案を妨害し、ニュースを四六時中独占するようなことになれば、「この先４ヶ月、大統領弾劾に集中することに利点がない」。	"There is no upside to having the next four months focused on the president's impeachment," particularly if it stymies his legislative agenda and dominates the news cycle.
別の情報筋は、弾劾が大統領の助けになりうると主張している人たちは、大統領の対応がどれだけの不確定要素になるのか完全に把握していないと述べた。	Another of the sources said that those who were arguing impeachment could help the president weren't fully grasping how much of a wild card his response could be.
懸念するホワイトハウス関係者は、弾劾対応チームを編成すべく、顧問らに助言を求めている。	Worried White House officials have been reaching out to advisers for help in assembling an impeachment response team.
この計画の骨子を説明した関係者によると、この取り組みはまだ初期段階であるが、戦略決定室のような取り組みが実現するのか、どんな形で実施するのか、いまだに明らかになっていないという。	With the effort still in the early phases, it remained unclear whether any type of war room-style effort would come to fruition or what form it might take, according to a person briefed on the plans.
しかし、組織的法的戦略とコミュニケーション戦略、そして、批判的な内部告発文書の公表およびその公表が民主党の弾劾活動に与えた勢いに対抗すべく、広報活動を攻勢的に組織化できる明晰なリーダーが必要だという認識はあるとされる、とこの人物は語った。	But there was an acknowledgement that a coordinated legal and communications strategy was needed, with a clear leader able to marshal a public relations offensive to counter the release of the scathing whistleblower report and the momentum its release has given Democratic impeachment efforts, that person said.
この状況に詳しい情報筋によると、マイク・ポンペオ国務長官とスティーブン・ムニューシン財務長官がトランプのウクライナ大統領との通話に関するメモを公表しないと表明した48時間後に文書公開しないわけにはいかないと思うと発言するなど、長期戦略的視点の欠如がはっきりと目に見えている。	The lack of a long-term strategic vision has been starkly visible, as when Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin indicated they were not going to release the memo describing Trump's call with the Ukrainian president - and then 48 hours later, feeling there was no choice but to release the document, according the source familiar with the situation.
ほとんど無口で起訴状を通してのみ発言したロバート・モラーの捜査時より、現在さらにプレッシャーが高まる見込みである。この件に関与する人物によれば、弾劾対応展開に関与する可能性のある人物は、トランプの外部のピットブルと呼ばれ、元選挙対策本部長を務めていたコーリー・ルワンドウスキである。	It is anticipated there will be more pressure now than during the investigation by Robert Mueller, who was mostly silent, speaking only through his indictments. One person who may become involved in developing an impeachment response is Corey Lewandowski, Trump's outside pit bull and former campaign manager, said the person involved in the matter.
しかし、ルワンドウスキは、自分がそのような取り組みのリーダーになると示唆するのは正確ではない、とNBCニュースに語った。	But Lewandowski told NBC News it was not accurate to suggest he would lead such an effort.
「ここ5年間、大統領と政策を支援するためにできる全てのことをやってきたが、この偽弾劾話に反撃するチームに参加することについて、大統領や側近と話し合ったことはない」と同氏は述べた。	"For the last five years, I've done everything I can to support the president and his agenda," he said, "but I have had no discussions with president and his team at all about joining a team to push back on this fake impeachment narrative."
モラー捜査時のトランプの外部弁護士ジェイ・セクロウも、弾劾への取り組みに関与しつつある。	Trump's outside lawyer from the Mueller investigation, Jay Sekulow, is also remaining involved in the impeachment efforts.
NBCニュースの取材に対し、セクロウは「問題は適切に処理する」と答えた。	"We will deal with matters as appropriate," Sekulow said when reached by NBC News for comment.
クリントン弾劾に従事し、モラー捜査の終了までホワイトハウスを指導したエメット・フラッドが去り、現ホワイトハウス法律顧問のパット・シポロンにはこうした経験が乏しく、ホワイトハウスには現在、弾劾問題の経験がある弁護士が不足している。	The White House currently lacks a lawyer experienced in impeachment now that Emmet Flood, who worked on the Clinton impeachment and guided the White House through the end of the Mueller investigation, has left, with current White House counsel Pat Cipollone lacking that type of experience.
ホワイトハウスの戦略に詳しい情報筋は、概して、関係者は人材招聘や戦略対策チームの構築には程遠い、しかし、組織化され、全員が総力をあげた対応努力と政治闘争をリードできる人材が必要だということを認識してはいる、と述べた。	One source familiar with the White House strategy said that overall, officials were nowhere near the point of bringing people on board or setting up war rooms - but acknowledge they need a coordinated, all hands-on-deck response effort and someone who can lead a political fight, the person said.
2019.09.27 (10:19) │ 主要ニュース,運動・生活 │	2019.09.27 (10:19) │ Top News, Exercise/Life│
総聯中央の許宗萬議長をはじめとした総会の参加者たち	The participants at the general assembly, including Chairman Ho Jong Man of the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan
在日本朝鮮青年商工会（青商会）第23回定期総会が9月21日に福岡県福岡市内のホテルで行われた。	The 23rd annual general assembly of the Korean Youth Commerce Community of Japan was held on September 21st at a hotel in Fukuoka city.
総聯中央の許宗萬議長と南昇祐副議長、中央青商会の李延男会長をはじめとする各地の青商会会員ら約350人が参加した。	Approximately 350 members from various locations were in attendance, including Chairman Ho Jong Man and Vice-Chairman Nam Seung Woo from the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, and the president of the Korean Youth Commerce Community, Lee Yan Nan.
許宗萬議長は総会のあいさつで、青商会がこの間築いた数々の成果について評価したうえで、23期において青商会の愛族愛国活動を名実ともに新たな段階に高め、在日朝鮮人運動を先頭に立ってけん引してほしいと話し会員たちを激励した。	In Chairman Ho Jong Man's address to the assembly, he praised the numerous achievements made by the Korean Youth Commerce Community, and encouraged members by saying he hoped that they would bring the patriotic deeds carried out by the chamber over the last 23 years to new heights, and stand at the forefront of Korean activities in Japan.
最優秀地方青商会賞を受賞した兵庫県青商会	The Hyogo Prefecture Korean Youth Commerce Community, winner of the Outstanding Local Korean Youth Commerce Community Award
22期事業報告では、民族教育支援活動、経済生活サポート事業などの分野において達成した成果について言及された。	In the proceedings of the 22nd year, achievements in areas such as ethnic education support activities and economic livelihood support enterprises were mentioned.
特に33の地方組織と118の地域組織を中心に大衆運動を活発に展開し、各地の同胞青年5005人を青商会の交流網に網羅した成果が強調された。	In particular, the movements of the 33 local organisations and 118 regional organisations have developed actively, and the establishment of an exchange network comprising 5,005 young compatriots at Korean Youth Commerce Communities across the country was highlighted as an achievement.
報告ではまた、来年迎える青商会結成25周年に向け、豊かな同胞社会と子どもたちの明るい未来のために各地の青商会組織と会員たちがより力を尽くしさらなる成果をあげ、青商会の新たな業績を築きあげていくことが呼びかけられた。	As the Korean Youth Commerce Community draws close to the 25th year of its founding next year, the report also called for members in every region to work harder towards a prosperous society for compatriots and a brighter future for children, as well as accomplishing new things.
総会では東京都青商会の姜瑛浩会長、兵庫・姫路西地域青商会の朴晶久会長、中央青商会の朴錫旻副会長が討論をした。	At the general assembly, discussions were held by Chairman Jiang Ying Gao of the Tokyo Korean Youth Commerce Community, Chairman Po Jing Jiu of the Hyogo and West Himeji Regional Korean Youth Commerce Community and Vice-Chairman Park Tin Min of the Central Korean Youth Commerce Community.
最優秀地域青商会賞を受賞した兵庫・姫路西地域青商会	The Hyogo and West Himeji Regional Korean Youth Commerce Community, winner of the Outstanding Regional Korean Youth Commerce Community Award
つづいて表彰式が行われ、神奈川県青商会の姜偉栄副会長が最高活躍会員賞（MVM ） 、兵庫県青商会が最優秀地方青商会賞、兵庫・姫路西地域青商会が最優秀地域青商会賞を受賞した。	The awards ceremony followed, in which Jiang Wei Rong, vice-chairman of the Kanagawa Prefecture Korean Youth Commerce Community, received the award for most valuable member (MVM), the Hyogo Prefecture Korean Youth Commerce Community won the Award for Outstanding Local Korean Youth Commerce Community, and the Hyogo and West Himeji Regional Korean Youth Commerce Community won the Award for Outstanding Regional Korean Youth Commerce Community.
総会では白赳栄会長をはじめとする新役員が選出された。	New officials were elected during the assembly, including Bai Jiu Rong as president.
（丁用根、李鳳仁）	(Ding Ye On, Lee Bong In)
在日本朝鮮青年商工会第23回定期総会	The 23rd Annual General Assembly of the Korean Youth Commerce Community
最高活躍会員賞（MVM）を受賞した神奈川県青商会の姜偉栄副会長	Jiang Wei Rong, vice-chairman of the Kanagawa Prefecture Korean Youth Commerce Community, winner of the award for most valuable member (MVM)
討論を行った東京都青商会の姜瑛浩会長	Chairman Jiang Ying Gao of the Tokyo Korean Youth Commerce Community, who led one of the discussions
討論を行った兵庫・姫路西地域青商会の朴晶久会長	Chairman Po Jing Jiu of the Hyogo and West Himeji Regional Korean Youth Commerce Community, who led one of the discussions
討論を行った中央青商会の朴錫旻副会長	Vice-Chairman Park Tin Min of the Central Korean Youth Commerce Community, who led one of the discussions
連続テレビ小説「なつぞら」最終回...ウッチャンのナレーションは？	Last episode of TV series "Natsuzora"... How was Ucchan's narration?
「なつよ 、 ... 」 （ スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"Dear Natsu, ..." (Sports Hochi) -Yahoo! News
女優の広瀬すず（２１）主演のＮＨＫ連続テレビ小説「なつぞら 」 （ 月～土曜・前８時）が２８日、最終回を迎えた。	The NHK TV series starring actress Hirose Suzu (21) "Natsuzora" (Mon-Sat 8 a.m.) reached it's final episode on the 28th.
【写真】広瀬すず 、 「 なつぞら」のロケでヤギに食べられた ～ ！ ？	[Picture] Hirose Suzu eaten by goat on set of "Natsuzora"!?
朝ドラ１００作目となる節目の作品。	The program was the milestone 100th morning drama.
太平洋戦争で孤児になり、北海道で酪農を営む柴田家に引き取られたヒロイン・奥原なつ（広瀬）が成長し、東京でアニメの世界に飛び込む姿を描いた。	Orphaned in the Pacific War and taken in by the Shibatas, a family of dairy farmers in Hokkaido, this depicts the heroine, Okuhara Natsu (Hirose) growing up and bursting into the world of anime in Tokyo.
１９９６年「ひまわり」の松嶋菜々子、８３年「おしん」の小林綾子、８８年「純ちゃんの応援歌」の山口智子と過去の朝ドラヒロインが集結することも話題となっている。	In addition the joining of past morning dramas heroines, Matsushima Nanako from "Himawari" (1996), Kobayashi Ayako of "Oshin" (1983) and Yamaguchi Tomoko from "Junchan no Ouenka", have been the talk of the town.
最終週「なつよ、あっぱれ十勝晴れ 」 。	Final week "Dear Natsu, a beautifully fine weather in Tokaichi".
優（増田光桜）の入学式が行われた１９７５年春、なつたちの仕事は佳境を迎えていた。	In spring of 1975, when Yuu (Masuda Kozakura)'s entrance ceremony was held, the work Natsu and others were doing reached its climax.
「大草原の少女ソラ」は人気番組となったものの、放送ギリギリの制作が続き、麻子（貫地谷しほり）はテレビ局からの催促に頭を悩ませる。	Although "Daisougen no Shoujo Sora" became a popular program, production was always late that broadcast almost didn't happen, and Asako (Kanjiya Shihori) was troubled by demands from the television station.
ある日、雨の中運ばれてきた動画がぬれてしまうトラブルに見舞われるが、坂場（中川大志）たちの意欲は衰えない。	One day, they were struck with misfortune when some video that was transported in the rain got wet, but Sakaba (Nakagawa Taishi) and his colleagues' motivation is undamped.
放送は無事終わり、なつは千遥（清原果耶）たちと北海道にやってきた。	After the broadcast ends successfully, Natsu came to Hokkaido with Chiharu (Kiyohara Kaya) and the others.
柴田家は停電に襲われ、電化された最新の牧場設備がストップしてしまう...という展開が描かれた。	The Shibata family is hit by a power outage, the top-of-the-line electronic ranch equipment stops... was how the story unfolded.
今回の朝ドラは、主人公なつの亡くなった父親役で「ウッチャンナンチャン」内村光良がナレーションを務めた。	For this morning drama, the protagonist Natsu's deceased father, played by "Ucchan Nanchan" Uchimura Teruyoshi narrates.
毎週土曜日の最後に「来週に続けよ」のナレーションが定番だったが最終回は「なつよ、朝ドラよ。	At the end of every Saturday the standard narration was "Let it continue to next week", but for the final episode "Dear Natsu, let it be morning drama.
１０１回目に続けよ」と締め、来週からスタートする戸田恵梨香主演の「スカーレット」にバトンを渡した。	Let it continue to the 101st" was the closing, and the baton was handed over to "Scarlet" starring Toda Erika which starts next week.
この最後のナレーショにネット上では「朝ドラよ１０１作目に続けよ、言うと思った 」 。	Regarding this final narration, the internet was abuzz with, "I knew they were going to say let it be morning drama, let it continue to the 101st".
「なっちゃんのお父さん＆中の人、お疲れ様でした。ウッチャンの益々のご活躍、まだまだ続けよ 」 。	"Thank you for your hard work, Natchan's father & all those in it. I hope Ucchan continues to have more and more success".
「なつぞら最終回。終わりました。半年間色々ありましたが、最後は上手くまとめられた感じで良いエンディングで締め括られたかと思いました。改めて出演者や制作スタッフの皆様もお疲れ様でした。そして朝ドラ第１０１作目に続けよ、というウッチャンのナレーションも良かった」など様々な反響が寄せられている。	"The last episode of Natsuzora. It's over. A lot happened over the past half year, but I thought the finale was put together well and had a good ending. Performers and production staff, thank you for your hard work. I liked Ucchan's narration of let's continue to the 101st morning dramas" and many other responses that were received.
さらに、最終回となったことにネット上では「来週からなつぞらが見られないのは寂しいよ。なっちゃん、じいちゃん、半年間ありがとうございました 」 。「明日から寂しいな 」 。「なつぞら終わっちゃったの寂しい」など「なつぞら」ロスが書き込まれている。	Furthermore, about it being the final episode the internet said, "I'm bummed since I can't see Natsuzora next week. Natchan, grandpa, thank you for the past half year", "I'll miss it from tomorrow", "I'm sad now that Natsuzora is over" and such have been written about the loss of "Natsuzora".
ロイヤル・カリビアンのクルーズ船エクスプローラー・オブ・ザ・シーズ、8900万ポンドかけて改修	Royal Caribbean Explorer of the Seas cruise ship £89 million renovation revealed
ロイヤル・カリビアン・インターナショナル運航のエクスプローラー・オブ・ザ・シーズは、今夏真新しい装いで航海する予定である。	The Explorer of the Seas, part of the Royal Caribbean International family, is to set sail with a brand new look this summer.
実に改修費1億1000万ドル（8900万ポンド）をかけたこの客船では、世界の美味な料理がふんだんに楽しめ、家族全員も楽しめるところが売りである。	Following an impressive $110 million (£89 million) revamp, the vessel boasts an array of global culinary delights, as well as fun for the whole family.
今夏、エクスプローラーはイタリアとギリシャの最高級の港に寄港し、乗客は地中海ヨーロッパの気分を楽しめる。	This summer the Explorer will dock at some of the finest ports across Italy and Greece, giving passengers a taste of Mediterranean Europe.
陸地でのアドベンチャーが終わった後、今度は海上で心に残る体験ができる。	However, even once the adventure on land has ended, the ship promises to offer an experience to remember at sea.
1億1000万ドル（8900万ポンド相当）の改修後、客船は誰でも楽しめる完璧な家族旅行用に様変わりした。	Offering something for everyone, The Explorer's new $110m - or roughly £89,000,000 - boost has transformed the liner into a perfect family escape.
優れた技術により、乗客はデッキで高性能サーフシミュレーターを使ったサーフィンを楽しめるほか、屋外シネマですばらしい気候を満喫しながら、家族で好きな番組を見ることができる。	Impressive technology means that passengers can surf on deck thanks to an advanced surf simulator or watch a family favourite while enjoying the weather at the outdoor cinema.
だが、最も画期的な特徴は仮想バルコニーの追加で、乗客は客室からオーシャンヴューを楽しめる。	However, possibly the most ground-breaking feature of all is the addition of virtual balconies, allowing interior room passengers the opportunity to take in the ocean vistas from inside.
水が好きな人たちには、カリビアンリゾート風でウォーターパークのように楽しめるよう再考されたスイミングプールデッキが用意されている。	For the water babies, the reimagined swimming pool deck boasts the style of a Caribbean resort, with the fun of a waterpark.
プールサイドにはアイランドスタイルのハンモックや長椅子があり、日向ぼっこには最適、また、船上でスリルを楽しみたい人は最新のウォータースライダー２台も利用できる。	Island-style hammocks and daybeds surround the pool ideal for relaxing in the sun, meanwhile two updated waterslides are on hand for the thrill-seekers onboard.
あらゆる年代層に魅力的なこのクルーズ客船は、寄港地までの時間を過ごすたくさんのアクティビティを用意している。	Appealing to all ages, the cruise liner boasts a number of activities to pass the time between destinations.
子供向けのキッズ・アドベンチャー・オーシャンは、年少の子供達に良い思い出となる機会を与え、ティーン限定の溜まり場には、いけてるゲームや12歳以上用の音楽コーナーがある。	For the little ones, the kid's Adventure Ocean gives smaller members of the family an opportunity to make some memories, meanwhile an exclusive teen hangout offers a cool games and music area specifically designed for over 12s.
これでも物足りないというなら、アイススケートリンクにもなる「スタジオB」で暗闇で光るレーザータグゲームの対決を家族全員でできる。	If that's not enough, the whole family can go head to head in a game of glow-in-the-dark laser tag at the ship's "studio B," which impressively doubles as an ice-skating rink.
多様化された船上レストランでは、地中海を航海中、乗客が世界中の料理を堪能できる機会もある。	While sailing the Mediterranean seas, guests will also have the chance to explore exotic flavours from around the world, thats a diverse expansion of the restaurants onboard.
レストランイズミでは最新のアジア料理が楽しめ、今回新登場の伝統的かつモダンなイタリアンレストランのジョバンニズ・イタリアン・キッチンでは、カジュアルな雰囲気で最高級の料理が堪能できる。	Updated Asian cuisine is on offer at the ship's Izumi restaurants, meanwhile a modern take on traditional Italian cuisine will offer the finest food in a casual setting at the brand new Giovanni's Italian Kitchen.
そのほかにも、船内には、チョップス・グリル・アメリカン・ステーキハウス、ボレロズ・ラテン・バー、シューナー・バー、ジョニー・ロケッツ・エクスプレスなどの飲食店がある。	Other eateries onboard include Chops Grille American Steakhouse, Boleros Latin Bar, Schooner Bar and Johnny Rockets Express.
クルーズツアーは7泊プランと９泊プランが選択でき 、2020年5月にローマを出港する予定である。	With a choice of seven and nine night itineraries, the cruise is due to depart from Rome in May 2020.
エクスプローラーは、最近見違えるように全面改修されたアリュール・オブ・ザ・シーに続く、ロイヤル・カリビアンの２隻めのヨーロッパ船となる。	As Royal Caribbean's second European ship, it will join Allure of the Seas which has also recently undergone a jaw-dropping transformation.
改修費は実に１億6500万ドルに上り、改修期間58日間かけたアリュール船では、早めに予約した客に対し、船内で使える300ドル相当のボーナス特典を提供した。	Following the Allure's 58-day makeover, which totalled a whopping $165million, the cruise operator gave guests who booked early a bonus $300 worth of onboard spending money.
同クルーズ会社によると、「エクスプローラー・オブ・ザ・シーは、ロイヤル増幅船隊近代化措置の一環で全面改修されたボイジャークラスの４隻目」となる。	According to the cruise operator: "Explorer of the Seas is the fourth ship in the Voyager Class to be transformed as part of the cruise line's Royal Amplified fleet modernisation effort."
4年間で10隻に10億ドル以上を投資したこのプログラムでは、乗客のあらゆる面での体験に手が届き、ここでしか味わえないようなアトラクション、体験的食事やナイトライフなど、広範囲にわたるスリル満点のアドベンチャーを導入している。	An investment of more than $1 billion, across 10 ships in four years, the programme touches every facet of the guest experience and introduces a wide range of thrilling adventures spanning one-of-a-kind attractions and experiential dining and nightlife.
遠距離恋愛は覚悟必要 成功率はわずか16％ 森川友義（日経doors ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Resolution required for long-distance relationship success rate only 16% Morikawa Tomoyoshi (Nikkei doors) - Yahoo! News
9/6 (金) 13:51配信	Published 9/6 (Fri) 13:51
せっかく彼氏ができたのに、彼の仕事の都合で遠距離恋愛に ... ... 。	Finally got a boyfriend, but because of his work we are in a long distance relationship.
「いつか結婚しよう」と言われたけれどゴールが見えずモヤモヤ ... ... 。	He said "Let's get married someday" but I can't see that goal and feel gloomy.
そんなとき、状況を味方につけて結婚につなげるにはどうすればよいのでしょうか？	How can I make the best of the situation and lead this to nuptial?
日経doorsの編集Iが、早稲田大学で「恋愛学」の講義を行う森川友義教授に解決策を聞きました。	Nikkei doors editor asked professor Morikawa Tomoyoshi, lecturer on "romance studies" at Waseda University, for solutions.
緻密なデータ分析から導き出された森川教授のアドバイス、必読です。	This is a must-read as Morikawa professor's advice comes from exhaustive data analysis.
今回のお悩み	Today's problem
遠距離恋愛中の彼氏との交際を続けるべきか悩んでいます。	I'm wondering if I should continue my relationship with my long distance boyfriend.
私は職場も実家もある関西に住み続けたいのですが、彼の勤務地は東京。	I would like to continue living in Kansai where my parents' house and my job are, but he works in Tokyo.
商社勤務なので海外転勤の可能性もあります。	He works for a trading company, so there is a possibility of him being assigned abroad in the future.
「将来は結婚しよう」と言われていますが、全くゴールが見えません。	He says, "let's get married someday", but I cannot see the goal.
どうすればよいでしょうか？	What should I do?
（23歳、メーカー、事務）	23 years old, manufacturing company, office worker
●遠距離恋愛から結婚に至ったカップルは少数派	●Long distance couples who end up marrying are only a minority
日経doors編集部（以下 、 ― ― ） Cさんは付き合い始めて1年半の彼氏と遠距離恋愛中です。	Nikkei doors editing section (hereon "--") : Ms. C has been dating her boyfriend for 1.5 years and they are in a long distance relationship.
「距離に試されて、二人は強くなる」という言葉もありますが、そもそも遠距離恋愛はうまくいくものなのでしょうか？	There is a saying "distance makes the two of us strong", but does a long distance relationship really work?
森川友義教授（以下、森川） 遠距離恋愛といえばDeNAトラベルが行ったアンケート調査（2017年8月実施、1147人が回答）が有名ですが、そのデータによると、遠距離恋愛から結婚まで至ったカップルはたった16％だそうです。	Professor. Morikawa Tomoyoshi (hereon "Morikawa"): When it comes to long distance relationships, a survey that was conducted by DeNA Travel (August 2017, 1147 people replied) is famous, and according to that data, only 16% of couples in long distance relationships ended up marrying.
恋愛は五感を使って行うものなので、本来は相手を見て（視覚 ） 、 声を聞いて（聴覚 ） 、 手をつなぎ（触覚 ） 、 においを嗅いで（嗅覚 ） 、 キスをすること（味覚）で関係が深まっていきます。	Love is something that uses five senses, looking at (sight), listening to (hearing), holding hands (touch), inhaling scent (smell) and kissing (taste) are fundamentally what allows for deeper relationship.
しかし遠距離恋愛の場合、電話で声を聞くケースが大半です。	However, in case of long distance relationships, it's mostly just hearing a partner's voice over the phone.
聴覚のみの状況で付き合い続けるのは難しい可能性があります。	There is a possibility that continuing the relationship by hearing only is too difficult.
また、コストの問題もあります。	Also, there is the issue of cost.
相手の家に行くのであれば交通費に移動時間と労力が負担になり、仕事の疲れを癒やすための休日なのに体はクタクタ。	When visiting a partner’s house, transportation cost and travel time are burdensome and take effort; when it should be a day off to refresh oneself, one ends up being exhausted.
帰り際にはわびしい気持ちになってしまいます。	You would feel lonely when you are heading home.
― ― ということは、遠距離になったら別れるしかないのでしょうか？	-- : So if it looks like it's going to be a long distance relationship, the only way is to break-up?
森川 頻繁に会わなくても我慢できるカップルや、離れている期間が事前に決まっているカップルなら、うまくいくと思います。	Morikawa: For couples who can tolerate not seeing each other often, and for those whose separation time is predetermined, it will work out.
1年後に婚約するとか、2年後に転勤から戻ってくるとか。	For example, getting engaged after a year or being transferred back after 2 years.
将来的な着地点が見えていない場合は難しいかもしれません。	In situations where you can't see where you are in the future, it may be difficult.
メルカリ社長に山田氏復帰｜静岡新聞アットエス	Yamada returns as president of Mercari | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
メルカリは２７日、創業者の山田進太郎会長兼最高経営責任者＝ＣＥＯ＝（４２）が同日付で社長に復帰したと発表した。	Mercari announced on the 27th that founder, chairman and CEO Yamada Shintaro (42) would be returning as president, effective the same date.
スマートフォン決済アプリ「メルペイ」と、米国事業を軌道に乗せることが課題となる。	The company currently faces the challenges involved with getting its smartphone payments application, Merpay, off the ground, as well as succeeding with its plans in the US market.
小泉文明社長（３９）は会長に就任し、傘下に収めたサッカーＪリーグの鹿島アントラーズの経営や経団連といった対外活動に軸足を置く。	President Koizumi Fumiaki (39), will take up the reigns as chairman and focus on external activities, such as the management of the affiliated Kashima Antlers J-League football team and the Federation of Economic Organisations.
山田 進太郎氏（やまだ・しんたろう）早大卒。	Yamada Shintaro is a graduate of Waseda University.
１３年コウゾウ（現メルカリ）を設立し社長。	He founded Kouzoh, Inc. (now Mercari, Inc.) in 2013, and became president.
１７年４月から会長兼ＣＥＯ。	He held the positions of chairman and CEO since April 2017.
愛知県出身。	Yamada is from Aichi Prefecture.
「攻殻機動隊 」 「 カウボーイビバップ 」 、 「EMOTION」ロゴも超クールなTシャツに！	"Ghost in the Shell" "Cowboy Bebop" "Emotion" T shirts with super stylish logos!
ビデオメーカーのバンダイナムコアーツとグッズメーカーのコスパがタッグを組み、アニメをモチーフにしたアパレルや雑貨を生み出していく新ブランド「VIDESTA 」 。	A new brand "VIDESTA", a collaboration by video production company, Bandai Namco Arts, with goods manufacturer, producing apparel and miscellaneous items featuring anime motifs.
アニメのワンシーンやパッケージに使用されたビジュアルをデザインしたアイテムから、超カッコいいTシャツたちを、前後編に分けて写真と共に一気にご紹介！	From a collection of items featuring scenes from anime as well as designs used for packaging, super stylish t-shirts will be introduced along with pictures in two-part series.
【写真を見る】攻殻機動隊 STAND ALONE COMPLEX 7巻 VCパッケージ ポーチ＆Tシャツ	(Picture shown) Ghost in the Shell STAND ALONE COMPLEX Volume 7 VC Package pouch and T-shirt
前編では、まず現在発売中の第1弾アイテムをピックアップ。	In the first part, we are picking up the first edition items that are currently on sale.
1983年のBANDAI VISUAL創立時から続くレーべル「EMOTION」でおなじみのモアイ像のロゴが大胆にあしらわれたものを筆頭に、初のオリジナル・ビデオ・アニメーション「ダロス」から「GHOST IN THE SHELL/攻殻機動隊 」 、 「カウボーイビバップ」に「青の6号 」 、 「コードギアス 反逆のルルーシュ」や永井豪作品など各年代の名作アニメをフィーチャー。	Along with the one boldy showing the Moai statue, which is known from the label "EMOTION" that has been around since Bandai Visual was founded in 1983, popular anime from each decade, such as the first original video animation "Dallos", "GHOST IN THE SHELL/Ghost in the Shell", "Cowboy Bebop", "Blue Submarine Number 6" and "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion" as well as Nagai Go products, will be featured.
これまで発売されてきたLD、ビデオ、CD、DVD、Blu-rayといった映像・音楽ソフトのパッケージをそのまま活かしたものから、再構築したものまで、どれもデザイン性が高く、すぐに身に着けたくなるようなアイテムばかり。	All the items, from items featuring packages of visual and music software such as LDs, videos, CDs. DVDs and Blu-ray to items that are reconstructed, are all designed stylishly, and makes you want to wear right away.
LDのパッケージをモチーフにしたアイテムにはジャケットも付属しており、そのまま飾ってもよし！	The items with LD packaging motifs come with a jacket and are great for display!
ビデオカセットのパッケージをモチーフにしたアイテムには、収納ポーチが付属と充実の内容に。	The items based on VHS package illustrations are worthwhile and includes a multipurpose pouch.
またここでは紹介していないが、パスケースやレコードバッグ、スマホケースなどの小物類も多数販売されている。	Many miscellaneous items that are not introduced here, such as pass cases, record bags, and smartphone cases will be sold as well.
現在、愛知・ジーストア名古屋では、これらの商品を集めたポップアップストアも期間限定で開催中。	A pop up store with a collection of such items is currently open at Gee store Nagoya in Aichi for a limited time.
商品が購入できるほか、第2弾商品やLDやビデオも展示。	In addition to purchasing items, second edition products and videos are being displayed.
さらに3000円以上の購入でEMOTIONのステッカーもプレゼントされるので、ぜひ近くの人は足を運んでみてほしい！	An EMOTION sticker will be given out with a purchase of 3000 yens or more, so please stop by if you happen to be in the area.
デビン・ヌネス、「トランプのヌード写真」要求の民主党を非難	Devin Nunes Accuses Democrats Of Wanting 'Nude Pictures Of Trump'
デビン・ヌネス議員（カリフォルニア共和党）は、ドナルド・トランプ大統領が捜査されるという考えには辛抱できないようだ。	Congressman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) apparently can't "bare" the thought of President Donald Trump being investigated.
木曜日、大統領を弁護するコメントの中で、大統領のヌード写真入手を試みる民主党を非難した。	And in his defense of the president on Thursday, he accused Democrats of trying to obtain nude pictures of the president.
下院情報特別委員会の共和党幹部ヌネス議員は、トランプが民主党の大統領候補ジョー・バイデンおよびその息子に関する捜査を依頼したとする内部告発についての審理の冒頭陳述で申し立てた。	Nunes, the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee, made the accusation during his opening statement at the hearing about the whistleblower complaint alleging that Trump sought Ukrainian help in investigating Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden and his son.
同議員は、ウクライナ疑惑は左派とその「メディア資産」が作り上げた「グロテスクなショー」だと述べ、大統領の全裸写真を見たいとする民主党を非難した。	The congressman called the Ukraine scandal a "grotesque spectacle" created by the left and their "media assets" before claiming the Democrats wanted to see photos of the president in the buff:
「まさにこの特別委員会の民主党員が、トランプのヌード写真を入手する目的でウクライナ人と思われる人物らと交渉した。」と語った。	"Democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were Ukrainians in order to obtain nude pictures of Trump," Nunes said.
なぜ民主党はこの大統領を弾劾しようとそんなに躍起なのか、一年以内にそのチャンスがあるのに、と皆が尋ねるのは当然のことだろう。	People can reasonably ask why the Democrats are so determined to impeach this president when in just a year, they will have a chance.
ヌネス議員の叱責が終わると、ハフポストのジェニファー・ベンデリー上級政治担当記者は、民主党議員は真相を探ろうとしているのか見極めることにした。	After Nunes finished his dressing-down, HuffPost senior political reporter Jennifer Bendery decided to find out if Democratic politicians are trying to get to the, um, bottom of this.
これまでに返答したのはコネチカット州民主党のジム・ハイムズ下院議員だけだが、その他の多くの党員にとっても同議員の回答が赤裸々な真実なのかは疑問である。	So far, only Connecticut Rep. Jim Himes (D) has responded, but we suspect his answer is the naked truth for many of his colleagues as well.
メディエイト・ドットコムは、ヌネス議員のヌーディストコメントは、議論の的になっているスティール文書に書かれていたとされる「もっとみだらで未確認の詳細部分」に関するものではないかと推測している。	Mediaite.com suspects Nunes' clothing-optional comments were a reference to "some of the more salacious and unconfirmed details" that supposedly appear in the controversial Steele Dossier.
それは、元英諜報員のクリストファー・スティール氏がトランプに対する衝撃的な申し立てを収集した悪名高き報告書で、モスクワのホテルの一室で、娼婦たちの放尿を眺めているトランプが映っているとされ、存在が示唆されている「おしっこテープ」に言及している。	That's the infamous collection of explosive allegations against Trump compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele that mentions the possible existence of a "pee tape," which allegedly shows him watching sex workers engage in "golden showers" in a Moscow hotel room.
Origami、ウォレットとリアルカード。	Origami, Wallet and real card.
送金・融資・保険・投資（Impress Watch ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Send money, Finance, Insure, Invest (Impress Watch) - Yahoo! News
Origami Walletは、Origami Payによる支払いに加え、送金や金融機関口座との連携による入出金 (動かす) が可能なアプリ。	Origami Wallet is an app that allows users to send, deposit, and withdraw money (transfer) through its partnership with financial institutions in addition to payment service through Origami Pay.
チャージの機能も加わる。	Charge feature will be added.
パートナー企業とともに、融資 (借りる) 、 投資 (殖やす) 、 保険 (備える) などの金融サービスを開始する。	In partnership with companies, they will start providing financial services such as financing (borrow), Investing (grow), and Insuring (prepare).
つまり、払う、動かす、チャージする、借りる、殖やす、備えるといった金融機能を、Origami Walletで利用できる。	In other words, users can conduct bank features such as pay, transfer, charge, borrow, grow, and prepare with Origami Wallet.
Origami Financial Services 代表取締役社長 正木美雪氏は「年金や低金利など、お金に関する様々な問題がある中で生活をしていかなければならない若い世代の課題を解決する、新しい金融サービスを創っていく」とし 、 「 例えば金融とは疎遠だった人、今までの仕組みでは恩恵を受けられなかった人などにも平等に役立ち、豊かになるサービスにしたい」と述べた。	Masaki Miyuki, Chief Executive Officer of Origami Financial Services, said, "We will create a new type of financial service to offer solutions for the younger generation who are faced with various issues such as public pension benefits and low interest rates," and "we aim to provide service that enriches people's lives equally, for instance, the ones who have little access to finance or receive no benefits through the current system."
Origami Walletの利点は、Origami IDを持っていれば申し込みから取引までシームレスに完了する点と、タイムリーに情報を得られる点を挙げる。	Origami Wallet's advantage is that the process of application to transaction gets completed seamlessly with an Origami ID, and it helps gather information in a timely manner.
また、Origamiアプリだけではなく、パートナー企業のアプリ上で展開することで、Origamiアプリを持っていなくても利用可能なサービスにすると説明した。	In addition, she explained that the service will be made available through the partnering companies' apps without downloading Origami app.
融資に関しては、決済をするときに連動して後払いができる機能を紹介。	In regards to financing, a feature that links accounts to allow late payments upon settlement was introduced.
そのほか急に資金が必要になった際でも、申し込みから返済までOrigamiアプリ上で完結するとした。	Additionally, everything from application to payment will be done online when in urgent need of money.
保険に関しては、パートナー企業としてあいおいニッセイ同和損保と第一生命を紹介。	Concerning insurance, Aioi Nissei Dowa Insurance Co. and Daiichi Seimei were introduced as their partners.
この2社と、双方が持つデータと知見を生かして、ライフイベントに沿った保険商品を展開する予定と話した。	She explained that the company will offer insurance plans that are designed for different life events by working alongside the two companies to maximize their data and knowledge.
金融サービスの提供は、必要な行政機関への登録等を経て、順次開始・拡大するとしている。	Regarding financial services, they will launch and expand their services after required registrations with administrative agencies.
■データの効果的な活用のための新規事業「Origami Technologies」	A new business "Origami Technologies" for effective utilization of data.
Origamiは同日、企業が、Origamiが提供する決済機能による自社のPayにより顧客接点をデジタル化していくこと等に加え、企業の保有するデータも含めてデータの効果的な活用をサポートする新規事業「Origami Technologies」を立ち上げることを発表。	Origami announced on the same day, a new business "Origami Technologies" will be launched to support partner companies to effectively utilize data, including their own, in addition to allowing those companies to digitize customer touch points with the payment service offered by Origami.
Origamiと決済機能等の提携をする「Origami Network」パートナー企業において、売上などの構造化されているデータと実社会の構造化されていないデータの取得、そのデータの蓄積・処理・分析など、データの効果的な活用が課題となっていくものと、Origamiは認識。	To the partner companies which are linked for payment feature and such, Origami recognizes the future challenges such as gathering structured data such as sales and unstructured real world data as well as accumulation, process, and analysis, and effective utilization of the data.
その中でOrigami Technologiesにおいて、自社のPayによる決済データ、提携企業が保有する構造化されたデータとともに、非構造化データの取得・分析等をサポート。	Origami Technologies will support acquisition and analysis of unstructured data along with structured data from its own payment service as well as data owned by the partner companies.
効果的なデータ活用と、デジタル技術やデータを活用した新たなビジネス・モデルの創出・変革 (デジタル・トランスフォーメーション) の推進に貢献するとしている。	They will contribute to advancement of creation and change (digital transformation) of a new business model using digital skills and data and effective utilization of data.
Origami 代表取締役社長 康井義貴氏は 、 「 今は多くの企業がいろいろなデータを集めて顧客接点を作っている」とした上で 、 「 次のフェーズでは、データを使ってどのようにビジネスモデルを展開していくかが鍵」と説明。	Yasui Yoshitaka, Origami Chief Executive Officer, explained, "Many companies currently gather various information to create customer touch points," and "the key in the next phase is to expand the business model with data utilization."
「その中でOrigami Networkで築いたデータと、多くの企業のデータをかけ合わせて次のフェーズのイノベーションを創出したい」と述べた。	He said, "We would like to create innovation in the next phase combining the data acquired through Origami network with the data from many companies."
具体的なサービス内容の詳細は、順次発表する。	Detailed description of service will be announced sequentially.
そのほか、Origami Conference 2019では、Origamiの今後の取り組みについて、例えば雨が降ったらスマホにクーポンを届けるといった、機動性をもったテクノロジーによる利便性の提供などを挙げる。	Additionally, at Origami Conference 2019, convenient service using flexible technology, such as coupons sent directly to smartphones in case of rain, will be mentioned as Origami's future project.
また不正利用時の補償について、現在でもOrigami Payでは全額補償を行なっているが、それを利用規約等にて制度として明確化。	In regards to reimbursement for unauthorized use, although Origami Pay currently issues full reimbursement, rules will also be included in terms of use for clarification.
さらに、地域活性化を、観光協会などと協力しながら、サポート役として取り組んでいくことを掲げた。	Furthermore, they promised to support revitalization of communities by working alongside organizations such as tourism association.
日朝音楽芸術交流会名誉会長で朝鮮の親善勲章1級を受賞し、今年7月に享年100歳で亡くなった歌手の小笠原美都子さんを偲ぶ会が9月7日、大阪市のアウィーナ大阪で行われた。	A memorial event took place on September 7th at Awina Osaka to celebrate the singer Ogasawara Mitsuko , honorary president of the Japan-North Korea Musical Arts Cultural Exchange Society and receiver of the North Korean Friendship Medal First Class, who passed away July of this year, aged 100.
関係者たちが小笠原さんの代表曲などを披露した	People connected to Ogasawara performed some of her best-known songs.
総聯大阪府本部の夫永旭委員長をはじめとする同胞や、日朝音楽芸術交流会の池辺幸惠会長など日本の関係者ら約140人が参加した。	Fellow citizens such as Pu Yong Ku, committee chairman of the Osaka headquarters of the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan, were in attendance, as well as approximately 140 Japanese officials, including Ikebe Yukie, chairwoman of the Japan-North Korea Musical Arts Cultural Exchange Society.
式ではまず、池辺幸惠会長があいさつした。	Chairwoman Ikebe gave a speech at the beginning of the event.
池辺会長は「先生が亡くなったことがまだ信じられない」としながら 、 「 『偲ぶ会』の準備をしながら、小笠原美都子先生がどれだけ素晴らしい、偉大な方だったかをひしひしと感じた」とその死を惜しんだ。	She spoke of how she still couldn't believe that Ogasawara was dead, and expressed regret for the loss when she mentioned how preparations for the memorial event had keenly reminded her of just how great and wonderful a person Ogasawara was.
その上で「少しでも会を広げていけるような活動ができれば」と決意を述べた。	She also shared her hopes, saying, "I hope we can do something to expand the society, even if only a little."
黙とうが捧げられた後、朝鮮の朝鮮芸術交流協会、チュチュ思想国際研究所の尾上健一事務局長から送られてきたメッセ―ジが紹介された。	After a silent prayer was offered, a message was read out from Ogami Kenichi, executive head of the North Korean Musical Arts Cultural Exchange Society and the International Institute of the Juche Idea.
再生可能バイオ燃料研究で排ガス減の可能性	Potential renewable biofuel research could help lower emissions
近年、電気自動車やテスラのトラック、セミがニュースを独占しているとはいえ、空を飛ぶもので唯一、再生可能エネルギーの手が届かないとされるのは飛行機である。	While electric cars and Tesla semi-trucks have dominated the headlines in recent years, one thing flies seemingly out of the reach of renewable energy: airplanes.
しかし、アルバータ大学の教授は、再生可能バイオ燃料をジェット燃料として使用可能にする技術を開発した。	But a professor at the University of Alberta has developed a technology that could allow renewable biofuels to be used as jet fuel.
アルバータ農学生命環境科学部の教授デイビッド・ブレスラー博士は、2003年にこのプロジェクトを開始した。	Dr. David Bressler is a professor at the University of Alberta in the Faculty of Agricultural, Life & Environmental Sciences who began this project in 2003.
教授の研究室は、レストランから出る油脂、畜産レンダリング、キャノーラ油などの脂質廃棄物から炭化水素燃料を開発している。	His lab is developing hydrocarbon fuel from lipid wastes like restaurant grease, animal renderings, and canola oil.
この技術はエタノールやその他のバイオ燃料とは異なり、生産に低品質の油脂を使用でき、炭素放出量が原油ベース燃料より85％少ない上に、生産過程で他産業の廃棄物を活用できる。	Unlike ethanol and other biofuels, this technology can use lower quality oils in its production, allowing it to not only release an estimated 85 per cent less carbon emissions than petroleum-based fuels, but also utilizing wastes from other industries in the process.
この技術は原油ベース燃料に存在する炭化水素の再現にも作用する。	The technology works to mimic the hydrocarbons present in petroleum-based fuels.
ブレスラー博士は、「第一世代でこの技術が達成（実のところ生成）したのは、ディーゼルガソリン中の分子そのものの炭化水素である」と述べた。	"What our technology did in the first generation," Bressler said. "is [actually make] the hydrocarbons which are the exact molecules in diesel gasoline."
バイオ燃料利用の新たな選択肢となるものの、従来のバイオ燃料技術は低温で不安定化する傾向があり、高い高度を移動する飛行機には深刻な問題を引き起こす。	While this presents a new option for biofuel use, previously produced biofuel technologies tend to de-stabilize at lower temperatures, which, for an aircraft travelling at high altitudes, poses a serious problem.
「ジェット燃料の問題は、どうにもならないジレンマのようなものだ」とブレスラー博士は語った。	"The problem with jet fuel is it's a bit of a catch-22," Bressler said.
ディーゼルほどの価値はないが、それより高い必要条件がある。	It's actually worth less than diesel but it has higher requirements.
ブレスラー博士の研究室では、現在、ジェット用バイオ燃料として２つの選択肢に着目している。	Bressler's lab is currently looking at two options for producing jet biofuel.
一つ目はリスクの低いアプローチで、炭化水素バイオ燃料に別の処理をして水素を加えることが必要とされる。	The first being a low-risk approach which requires giving their hydrocarbon biofuel another treatment and adding in hydrogen.
２つ目のオプションは、すでに部分的に開発した、低温下でも燃料の安定性を保つ化学反応を研究し続けることである。	The second option is to continue work on already partially developed chemistry which would keep the fuel stable, even at lower temperatures.
ブレスラー博士は、２つ目のオプションについて、「化学反応が少し変わるように原子炉で試すこともできる」とした。	"We can actually play some games with the chemistry in our reactor to try to change the chemistry a little bit," Bressler said about the second option.
このオプションはリスクが高い。	That one's a higher risk.
航空会社やカナダおよび米国の陸軍が再生可能オプションへの投資を増やしていることをうけ、アルバータ大学の子会社フォージ・ハイドロカーボンズは製品化に取り組んでいる。	The University of Alberta spin-off company Forge Hydrocarbons is working on commercializing the product as airlines and both the Canadian and American militaries are increasingly investing in the renewable option.
「彼らは、将来的にいつか誰かがふいに炭素税を課すのではないかと予測している」と博士は語った。	"They can see [a] future where one day somebody might turn around and charge them a carbon tax," he said.
最悪の場合の代案を用意しておきたいのだ。	They want an alternative in place that is a fallback position.
現在、フォージはエドモントンの廃棄物管理センターの近くで試験工場を稼働させており、最近、2500万米ドルの生産施設をオンタリオ州ソンブラに建設する支援としてロッキード・マーティンから400万米ドルの投資をとりつけた。	Currently, Forge runs a pilot plant near Edmonton's Waste Management Centre and recently acquired a US$4 million investment from Lockheed Martin to support the construction of a $25-million production facility to be located in Sombra, Ontario.
工場は年間約1900万リッターのバイオ燃料を生産する予定である。	The facility is expected to produce around 19 million litres of biofuel each year.
ブレスラー博士は、炭素還元は85％程度だが、燃料の輸送方法や生産方法などの側面が削減率が上がらない理由であるとしている。	Bressler also notes while estimates for carbon reductions are around 85 per cent, aspects such as how the fuel is transported and produced are reasons for why carbon reductions aren't higher.
「技術屋として」ブレスラー氏は言う。	"As a technology guy," Bressler said.
私の仕事は、説明を受けた上での決断と並行して複数の選択肢ができるよう、オプションをつくることだ。	My job is to create options so there can be an informed decision and multiple choices on which to go with.
志太の魅力、かるたに 島田樟誠高３年生、ネット上で制作費募る｜静岡新聞アットエス	Shida's attractions made into a card game, 3rd-year pupils at Shimada Shosei High School solicit online funding for production costs | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
ご当地かるたの制作に取り組む福島さん（左）ら＝島田市の島田樟誠高	Fukushima (left) and his classmates engaged in the creation of a local card game, Shimada Shosei High School, Shimada
島田市の島田樟誠高の３年生５人が島田大祭や蓬莱橋など志太地域の観光名所や伝統行事を題材にしたご当地かるたの制作に取り組んでいる。	Five 3rd-year pupils from Shimada Shosei High School, Shimada, have been working on the creation of a local card game featuring traditional events and tourist attractions in the Shida area, such as the Shimada Grand Festival and Horai Bridge.
１０月１５日までクラウドファンディングで制作費を募っていて、完成後は地元の幼稚園やリハビリ施設に無償で配布することなどを検討している。	They are raising their production costs through a round of crowdfunding that will last until October 15th, and once the decks are complete, they are considering free distribution to local kindergartens and medical rehabilitation facilities.
取り組んでいるのは福島妃竜さん（１８ ） 、 中村太洋さん（１８ ） 、 水嶋龍さん（１７ ） 、 加藤翔さん（１７ ） 、 増田励哉さん（１７ ） 。	The five pupils involved with the project are Fukushima Hiryu (18), Nakamura Taiyo (18), Mizushima Ryu (17), Kato Shoji (17) and Masuda Reiki (17).
５人は「地域の魅力を多くの人に伝えたい」との思いで昨年１２月から制作に励んできた。	The five of them have been working on the project since December last year, with the desire to "tell lots of people about what makes the area great".
絵札に使う写真は現地で撮影したり、市役所から譲り受けたりして収集。	The photos used for the picture cards were either taken on location, or received from the city hall.
完成も近く、絵札の裏に歴史や見どころを紹介した説明文も添えた。	They are near completion, with an accompanying description explaining the history and highlights attached to the back of each picture card.
福島さんは「特に子どもたちに楽しんでもらいたい」と話し、他の生徒も「地元の人でも新たな地域の魅力発見につながるかも」などと完成に期待を膨らませている。	Fukushima said, "I want children to enjoy them in particular," and another pupil added, "It could even lead to local people discovering new charms about the area," as their hopes swell near completion.
クラウドファンディングでの目標金額は３０万円で、期限までに到達しなかった場合は全額返金する予定という。	The crowdfunding goal is 300,000 yen, and if they do not reach this amount before the deadline, the pupils plan to refund the whole amount.
詳細は「志太かるた」で検索する。	Search for "Shida Cards" for more information.
【高校受験2020】北海道公立高校入試、願書の性別欄を廃止（リセマム ） - Yahoo!ニュース	High school entrance examinations 2020: Hokkaido to abolish the gender section from the application form for public high school entrance examinations (ReseMom) - Yahoo!News
北海道教育委員会は2019年9月26日、2020年度（令和2年度）道立高等学校入学者選抜の手引を公表した。	On September 26th, 2019, the Hokkaido Board of Education published an admissions guidebook for new students hoping to enter its public high schools in the 2020 academic year.
心と体の性が一致しないトランスジェンダーの受験生らに配慮し、入学願書の様式から性別の欄を廃止する。	At the same time, they confirmed that they have made the decision to abolish the gender section from high school application forms, a move that was made in consideration of transgender pupils taking the entrance examinations, and other pupils whose mental and physical genders do not match.
選抜日程	Admissions schedule
道立高等学校入学者選抜の手引は、選抜日程、募集人員、出願資格、出願の手続き、出願変更、学力検査、合格発表などの実施要項、参考資料などを1冊に取りまとめたもの。	The admissions guidebook for new students entering Hokkaido public high schools contains everything that hopeful students need, including the admissions schedule, number of applicants to be admitted, application requirements, application process, application changes, examination of academic ability, the announcement of results and reference material.
一般入学者選抜、推薦入学者選抜、連携型中高一貫教育を実施する道立高等学校入学者選抜、道外からの出願に係る入学者選抜などを盛り込んでいる。	It includes all the necessary information on admissions for ordinary students, recommendation based admissions, students entering a public high school from an affiliated junior high school, and students applying from outside the prefecture.
2019年度入学者選抜までは、入学願書に性別の欄を設けていたが、個人の性的指向や性自認の多様性への適切な配慮が求められていることに鑑み、2020年度入学者選抜では入学願書の様式から「性別」の欄を削る。	Up until 2019, a gender section was provided on the application form, but in light of the need to more appropriately take into account individual sexual orientation and diversity of gender identity, the gender section will be removed from the 2020 application forms.
一般入学者選抜の学力検査は、国語、数学、社会、理科、英語の5教科。	The five areas of academic ability that general admission students will be tested on are Japanese, mathematics, social studies, science and English.
英語の聞き取りテストは、英語の検査時間の中に含む。	An English listening test is included in the English examination time.
各教科の検査時間は50分。	The examination time for each subject is 50 minutes.
このうち、解答に要する時間は各45分とし、検査時間の開始直後に受検者に対する注意、問題用紙などの配布に要する時間を5分間設ける。	That time is made up of five minutes at the beginning for instructions and giving out papers, and 45 minutes for answering.
配点は、各教科60点。	There are 60 marks available in each subject
2020年度北海道立高等学校入学者選抜日程は、一般選抜の出願受付が2020年1月21日から24日正午、出願変更の受付が1月29日から2月4日午後4時、学力検査が3月4日、合格発表が3月17日午前10時、第2次募集の出願受付が3月23日から24日午後4時半、第2次募集の合格発表が3月27日まで。	The admissions schedule for students hoping to enter a public high school in Hokkaido in the 2020 academic year is as follows: applications for general admission will be accepted from January 21st, 2020 until noon on the 24th, changes to applications will be accepted from January 29th until 4pm on February 4th, the examination of academic ability will be on March 4th with the results being announced at 10am on March 17th; the second round of applications will be accepted from March 23rd until 4:30pm on the 24th, and the examination results from the second round will be announced on March 27th.
推薦および連携型による選抜は、出願受付が2020年1月21日から24日正午、面接などが2月13日、合格内定の通知が2月20日まで、推薦入学者選抜で合格内定とならなかった者の再出願受付が2月21日から26日正午までに行う。	For recommendation based admissions and students from affiliated schools, applications will be accepted from January 21st, 2020 until noon on the 24th with interviews commencing on February 13th and notification of offers going out on February 20th; recommendation based admission students who did not receive a place can apply again from February 21st until noon on the 26th.
ボリス ジョンソン陣営が警告　ブレグジットが覆された場合イギリスはロサンゼルスのような暴動に直面する　首相は冷静さを呼びかける	Boris Johnson's allies warn Britain faces LA-style RIOTS if Brexit is reversed as PM calls for calm.
二回目の国民投票が一回目の結果を覆した場合、この国で「国民による激しい暴動」が起こる危険がある、と昨夜ある上級大臣が述べた。	A senior cabinet minister last night said the country risked a "violent, popular uprising" if a second referendum overturned the original result.
首相陣営の高官らは、イギリスは経済的不平等をめぐってフランスで起きた黄色いベスト運動や１９９２年のロサンゼルス暴動の規模の市民の暴動に直面するだろうと警告した。	The Prime Minister's senior allies warned the UK faces civil unrest on the scale of the yellow vest protests in France over economic inequalities and Los Angeles riots in 1992.
ジョンソン氏は、激しい口論で交わされた政治的な言葉に対する「怒りを鎮める必要がある」と述べたが、「敗北」という言葉を使うことはやめないと主張した。	Mr Johnson said "tempers need to come down" in the furious row over political language - but insisted he won't stop using the word "surrender."
首相が冷静さを取り戻すよう訴えたにも関わらず、ある閣僚はタイムズ紙にこう語った：「この国では、ジレ ジョーヌ（黄色いベスト運動）や１９９２年のロサンゼルス暴動のようなものが起こったことは一度もない。」	Despite his appeal for calm, a cabinet minister told The Times: "In this country we never had the gilets jaunes [yellow vests] or the LA riots [in 1992].
国民は、今まで起こったことがないという理由だけで、この国で暴動が起こることはないとは考えていない。	People don't think it's possible in this country just because it has not happened before.
すでに黄色いベスト運動という見本があるー彼らは携帯電話を暗号化してデモをまとめており、あとは汚い手を使って人々を煽るポピュリストのリーダーが数人いればいいのだ。	Now they have a model - gilets jaunes - they have encrypted phones to co-ordinate it, and it only takes a couple of nasty populist frontmen to inspire people.
ロサンゼルスでは１９９２年、黒人のタクシー運転手ロドニー キングを叩きのめした４人の白人警官に対し、陪審員団が無罪判決を言い渡したことを受けて暴動が起こった。	Riots in erupted in Los Angeles after a jury acquitted four white police officers for beating up a black taxi driver Rodney King in 1992.
今年に入って、人目を引く黄色いベストを着たフランスの反政府デモ参加者ージレ ジョーヌが６週間以上にわたってパリの街で混乱と破壊を引き起こしている。	Earlier this year, anti-government French protesters wearing yellow high visibility vests - gilet jaunes have been wrought havoc and destruction on the streets of Paris for more than six weeks.
この閣僚は下院でのジョンソン氏の警告を指摘して、もしイギリスがEUを離脱することに失敗したら、「わが国の政治システムに対する信用は壊滅的に失墜」するだろうと述べた。	The minister pointed to Mr Johnson's warning in the Commons that there would be a "catastrophic loss of confidence in our political system" if Britain failed to leave the EU.
「国民投票で３千万の国民が投票し、６６％がEUに留まる方に投票した場合、１千万の国民は不満に思う」とこの閣僚は言う。	"If we have a referendum with 30 million people who vote, and we vote Remain by 66 per cent, that's ten million people who are unhappy," said the minister.
たとえ有権者の９９パーセントが離脱に反対しても、非常に怒った１０万の人々が下院議員に手紙を書くなどして諦めることはないだろう。	Even if 99 per cent of them shrug it off, that's still 100,000 really angry people who will write to their MP and not let it go.
何万もの人々が通りに繰り出すまでそれほど時間はかからない。	It doesn't take much and soon you have tens of thousands of people on the street.
ある上級大臣は、二回目の国民投票が一回目の結果を覆すことがあれば、この国で「国民による激しい暴動」が起こる危険があると付け加えた。	A senior cabinet minister added that country risked a "violent, popular uprising" if a second referendum overturned the result of the first one.
ジョンソン氏は、総選挙を行い、ブレグジットの判断を有権者に委ねることを求めている。	Mr Johnson has called for there to be a general election to allow voters to settle Brexit.
ジョンソン氏は、EU離脱に関する要求を下げ、その代わりに妥協案でEUと手を打つことを求める下院の反乱に直面していると報じられている。	It has been reported he is facing a Cabinet revolt to lower his Brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the EU instead.
新潟アルビＢＢ Ｂリーグ開幕前に必勝祈願（新潟県 ） （ TeNYテレビ新潟 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Niigata Albirex BB pray for victory before the start of the B league (Niigata Prefecture) (TeNY TV Niigata) - Yahoo!News
プロバスケットボールの新潟アルビレックスＢＢがＢリーグ開幕まで１週間あまりとなった２７日、必勝祈願を行った。	On the 27th, with less than a week to go before the start of the B league, players from Niigata Albirex BB went to pray for victory.
新潟アルビレックスＢＢの選手とスタッフは２７日午前、新潟市の古町神明宮で必勝祈願を行った。	Players and staff visited Furumachi Shinmeigu Shrine in Niigata on the morning of the 27th, where they made their prayers for victory.
昨シーズン、新潟はクラブ史上初の地区優勝を果たした。	Last season, Niigata won the first regional championship in the club's history.
しかし、シーズン終了後、得点王のダバンテ・ガードナーがＢリーグの他のチームに移籍。	However, after the season was over, top scorer Davante Gardner moved to another team in the B league.
今季は新たな外国籍選手、ニック・パーキンズを迎えて昨シーズンの地区優勝以上の成績を目指す。	This season the team will welcome another player from overseas, Nick Perkins, as they hope to improve on their results compared to last season.
鵜沢潤キャプテンは「昨シーズンの中地区優勝という成績を上まわれるよう、ヘッドコーチが求めるスピードの部分やディフェンスの強度を昨シーズン以上に上げていくことが重要」と話した。	Captain Uzawa Jun commented, "It's important for us to reach the kind of speeds the head coach is looking for and strengthen our defense more than last season so that we can surpass last seasons championship result."
新潟の開幕戦は１０月５日（土 ） 、 アウェーでアルバルク東京と対戦する。	Niigata's first game will be an away game against Alvark Tokyo on October 5th (Sat).
パキスタン　ソーシャルメディアの有名人の兄　「名誉殺人」で終身刑	Pakistan social media star's brother gets life for her 'honour' murder
手続きが長引いて刑の執行までに時間がかかることが多く、その間に告訴された殺人者が保釈され、事件の記憶が薄れていくと女性の権利の専門家は言う。	Women's rights experts say that enforcement of justice is often lax, with proceedings at times being drawn out while accused killers were freed on bail and cases faded away.
「時間がかかり過ぎるので、人々は忘れてしまう」女性の権利活動家で、パキスタンの大学初のジェンダー学部創設者ファルザナ バリ氏は言い、注目を集めているバローチの事件でさえ、解決するのに３年以上はかかったと付け加えた。	"It takes too long, people forget," said Farzana Bari, a women's rights advocate and founder of Pakistan's first gender studies department at a university, adding that even the high-profile Baloch case had taken over three years to be resolved.
信頼性が高いデータを証明することは難しいと人権団体は言うが、パキスタン人権委員会は２０１８年には少なくとも３００件の「名誉殺人」を発見した。	Though rights groups say reliable data is hard to establish, the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan found at least 300 cases of "honour killing" in 2018.
多くの人権擁護者は実際の名誉殺人の数はそれよりずっと多いと言うが、それは名誉に基づく暴力の監視団体が毎年世界中で起こる5,000件の名誉殺人のおよそ5分の1はパキスタンが占めていると推定してるからだ。	Many advocates say the actual number is far higher, with the Honour Based Violence Awareness Network estimating that Pakistan accounts for about a fifth of the 5,000 honour killings globally each year.
豚コレラ対策１．３億円 静岡県、９月補正案に追加へ（産経新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	130 million yen to be spent to combat classical swine fever, Shizuoka Prefecture to amend budget in September (Sankei Newspaper) - Yahoo!News
県が豚コレラ緊急対策事業費１億３６００万円と、ＪＲ沼津駅高架化事業の用地取得に必要な裁決関連経費１２００万円の、計１億４８００万円を９月補正予算案に追加することが、２６日の議会運営委員会で報告された。	It was reported at a parliamentary steering committee on the 26th that the prefecture will add a supplementary budget of 148 million yen in September, consisting of 136 million yen to go on emergency measures to combat classical swine fever, and 12 million yen in expenses related to the decision-making required for land acquisition in the track elevation project at JR Numazu Station.
２７日の県議会に提案される。	This amendment will then be brought to the prefectural assembly on the 27th.
これで、９月補正予算案の一般会計総額は８１億８７００万円となる。	The September supplement will bring the total amount to 8 billion 187 million yen.
埼玉県などでの新たな豚コレラ発生を受け、県は現在湖西市に設けている家畜運搬車の消毒ポイントを、関東圏に近い御殿場市、富士宮市、静岡市清水区の計３カ所にも増設する。	The decision has been made in response to fresh outbreaks of swine fever in Saitama Prefecture and other areas, and three new disinfection points for lorries transporting livestock will be set up close to the Kanto area in Gotemba, Fujinomiya and Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, in addition the one established at Kosai.
関連経費として７７４０万円を計上する。	The supplemental budget includes 77.4 million yen for expenses related to this.
さらに、主な感染経路とされる野生イノシシからの感染拡大を防ぐため、県西部以外の地域でも野生イノシシを捕獲して豚コレラに感染していないことを確認する対策を開始する。	In addition, to prevent the disease spreading via wild boars, thought to be one of the main routes of infection, efforts will be made to capture wild boar in areas other than the western part of the prefecture and check that they have not been infected.
県東部・県中部で１５６０頭を捕獲して検査する費用として、５８６０万円を確保する。	58.6 million yen has been apportioned to capturing and testing 1,560 boars in the central and eastern parts of the prefecture.
沼津駅高架化にからむ裁決手続き関連では、取得予定地の鑑定評価を委託する費用や収用委員会の開催に伴う運営費を追加する。	Regarding the decision-making process involved in elevating the track at Numazu Station, the funds will go on requesting a land valuation for the site being eyed for acquisition and additional operating expenses for the requisition committee.
県収用委員会事務局によると、県と沼津市が１８日に行った未買収地の明け渡しを求める裁決の申請は、１９日付で受理された。	According to the office of the requisition committee, a request made by the prefecture and Numazu on the 18th asking for the expropriation of unpurchased land was received on the 19th.
今後、１０月３～１７日に沼津市役所で申請書類の縦覧が行われ、終了後速やかに裁決手続き開始が決定される見込み。	The documents included with the request will be inspected at Numazu City Hall from October the 3rd to the 17th, and it is expected that the decision-making process will begin immediately after this step is complete.
総社市長選２９日告示 ８年ぶり無投票の公算：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Soja mayoral election announced on 29th Probability of no voting for the first time in eight years: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digi
任期満了に伴う総社市長選は２９日、告示される。	As the current mayor's term of office comes to an end, an election for the next mayor of Soja will be announced on the 29th.
これまでに４選を目指す無所属現職の片岡聡一氏（６０）のみが立候補を表明。	At this point in time, only the independent Kataoka Soichi (60), who is aiming for his fourth election victory, has announced his candidacy.
ほかに出馬の動きはなく、８年ぶりに無投票となる公算が大きくなっている。	As there is no hint that anyone else will be running for election, it is looking increasingly likely that there will be no voting for the first time in eight years.
総社市は、西日本豪雨災害からの再生に向けた市復興計画（２０１９～２３年度）を推進しており、厳しい財政下で復旧、防災事業に着実に取り組めるかが問われる。	Soja is in the midst of implementing a reconstruction plan after the heavy rains that hit western Japan (due to last from 2019 to 2023), so what will be called into question is whether any candidate is able to satisfactorily deliver restoration and disaster prevention under fierce financial conditions.
人口減が深刻な周辺部の振興、観光地の回遊性向上なども急務となっている。	Other pressing matters include the need to promote the suburbs where the population is in serious decline, and improve the circulation of tourists to sightseeing areas.
立候補の届け出は２９日午前８時半～午後５時、総社市中央の市総合福祉センターで受け付ける。	Candidates wish to put forward their candidacy must do so on the 29th between 8:30am and 5:00pm, which will be accepted at the Central Soja General Welfare Centre.
投票は１０月６日午前７時～午後６時に市内３５カ所で行われ、同７時半から同センターで即日開票される。	Voting will take place on from 7am to 6pm on October 6th at 35 locations round the city, and counting of the ballots will begin at 7:30am on the same day at the welfare centre.
インド、多くの地域で長引くモンスーンによる洪水や大混乱発生	Prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of India
インドのモンスーンシーズンが約１ヶ月も長引き、前例のない雨量で建物が崩壊し死亡者が発生、作物の多くも腐敗し始めている。	India's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot.
通常、インド北部のモンスーンは9月始めには勢力を弱めるが、今月の平均雨量は通常の37％増となっている。	Normally the monsoon in north India recedes by the beginning of September, but the average rainfall this month has been 37% above normal.
インド気象庁の専門家らによると、この状況があと数日続けば、過去数十年で最も遅い時期にモンスーンが弱まることとなる。	If the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the India Meteorological Department.
インドの多くの地域ではいまだに前例のない雨が降っており、最新情報でインド西部のプネーでは、水曜と木曜の豪雨で建物が崩壊し数人が死亡、大惨事となった。	Many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of Pune in western India, where torrential rain on Wednesday and Thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings.
家屋は浸水し、住民はひざまで水につかって通りを渡り、通常モンスーン最盛期だけに見られる光景となっている。	Homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon.
コルカタ、ラクナウ、ハイデラバードなどの他の都市でも大雨が降った。	Other cities such as Kolkata, Lucknow and Hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall.
北部のウッタラーカンド州では、長引く雨で家屋に多大な損害が出ている。	Uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains.
モンスーンの到来も遅かった。	The monsoon was also late to arrive.
多くの地域で水不足になり、農家は干ばつの可能性に備えていた。	Many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought.
農家にとって長引くモンスーンは好ましくない。	The extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers.
この時期にこの雨量は普通ではない。	This amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year.
ウッタラーカンド州ビムタルの小規模農家プラーカシュ・メヘラは「現在キャベツ、豆、エンドウ豆、トマトを作っていますが、雨で野菜が腐ってしまう」と語った。	"It is making my vegetables - I've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment - rot," said Prakash Mehra, a small farmer in Bhimtal in Uttarakhand.
消費者にとっても、遅く、勢力の弱まらないモンスーンの影響でインド料理にかかせないタマネギの価格が上昇することになる。	For consumers, the impact of the delayed and now late-receding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in Indian food.
デリーやムンバイなどの都市では、通常キロあたり20ルピー（23ペンス）のタマネギが80ルピー（約１ポンド）で販売されている。	Onions are selling at 80 rupees (about £1) a kilo in cities such as Delhi and Mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees (23p).
祭りも危機にさらされている。	Festivals are also at risk.
次の大きな祭りは10月8日のダシェラで、ヒンズー教徒が巨大なコミックブックスタイルの人形、叙事詩「ラーマーヤナ」に出てくる髭ぼうぼうの邪悪な笑みの人物であるラーヴァナを設置する。	The next big festival is Dussehra on 8 October, when Hindus erect giant, comic book-style effigies of Ravana, a figure from the Hindu epic The Ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin.
ラーヴァナを燃やすことは、善が悪を滅ぼしたことを意味する。	Burning Ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil.
しかし、人形は紙製であることから、モンスーンが長引けば、最後に笑うのはラーヴァナということになるかもしれない。	But given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, Ravana might have the last laugh.
【仙台】コンパクトな守備で難敵・横浜Ｍ倒す 渡辺監督、非公開練習で手応え（スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	[Sendai] Will beat tough rival Yokohama M with compact defense Manager Watanabe feeling confident at closed training (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Ｊ１ベガルタ仙台は２８日のホーム・横浜Ｍ戦（午後７時、ユアスタ）に向けて２４日から４日間連続の非公開練習（冒頭２０分のみ報道陣に公開）を行った。	J1 Vegalta Sendai held a 4-day closed training (open to press for the first 20 minutes) from the 24th to gear up for their home match against Yokohama M on 28th.
横浜Ｍには、直近のリーグ戦３戦で計１５失点を喫しているが、渡辺晋監督（４５）は「選手たちは迫力ある、バトルある練習を見せてくれた」と手応えを話した。	Although they lost a total of 15 points to Yokohama M in the 3 latest league matches, Manager Watanabe Susumu (45) said that he felt "the players showed me powerful, competitive training."
昨季はホーム（７月１８日）でクラブワーストの１試合８失点の大敗を喫し、敵地でも５失点。	During last season, 8 points were lost in a home match (July 18th) which is the club's worst record, and another 5 points lost at an away match.
今季も敵地で１―２で敗れている難敵だ。	The tough opponent is one that caused a loss at 1-2 on away grounds this season.
現在１４位の仙台に対し３位の横浜Ｍは、リーグ１位タイの４８得点を誇る。	As opposed to Sendai that is currently in 14th, Yokohama M, currently 3rd, has made 48 points so far, which is a tie for the first place in the league.
１３得点のＦＷマルコスジュニオール（２６ ） 、 １０得点７アシストのＦＷ仲川輝人（２７）ら強力な前線の選手に加え、日本代表ＤＦ畠中槙之輔（２４ ） 、 俊足のブラジル人ＤＦチアゴマルチンス（２４）のＪ屈指のＣＢコンビも待ち受ける。	Along with the powerful front line players such as FW Marcos Junior (26), who scored 13 points, and FW Nakagawa Teruhito (27) who scored 10 points and assisted 7, one of the best CB combination in J league, Japan National DF Hatanaka Shinnosuke (24) and fleet-footed Brazilian DF Thiago Martins will be playing.
渡辺監督は「攻撃的なプレーの出入りが豊富。スピードあるＣＢもいる。コンパクトに守り、綻びを見せずに自信を持って戦いたい」と話した。	Manager Watanabe said, "We have variations in our aggressive play and speedy CB, and we will keep a compact defense while play confidently without showing any weaknesses."
初優勝を目指した天皇杯は１８日、Ｊ２長崎に敗れ、残るはリーグ戦８試合のみ。	Losing to J2 Nagasaki on the 18th at the Emperor’s cup that they were hoping to win for the first time, they have only 8 league matches left.
指揮官は 、 「 悔しい負けだった。そこから立ち上がるのが今一番大事 」 。	The director said, "It was a tough defeat, but what's important right now is getting back up and keep on going."
気持ちを高め、対策してきた成果をピッチで見せる。	They will keep themselves motivated and show what they have practiced on the pitch.
（小林 泰斗）	(Kobayashi Yasuto)
大量の農薬への露出　心臓病や心臓発作のリスクを高める可能性	Heavy exposure to pesticides may boost risk of heart disease, stroke
高濃度の農薬周辺で働くと、のちに心臓病にかかるリスクが高くなる可能性があることが最新の研究で示されている。	Working around high levels of pesticides may translate into a high risk for heart trouble later, a new study suggests.
これは、ハワイ在住の日系アメリカ人のクループを３０年以上にわたって追跡調査した結果である。	That was the case for a group of Japanese-American men in Hawaii who were followed for more than three decades.
農薬周辺で作業をしていなかった男性グループと比較すると、大量の農薬にさらされた人たちは心臓病や心臓発作のリスクが４５パーセント高くなることが研究者らの調査でわかった。	Compared to men who had not worked around pesticides, those who had the greatest exposure had a 45 percent higher risk for heart disease or stroke, researchers found.
「この研究で強調しているのは、仕事で農薬に暴露されるときは個人用保護具を着用すること、仕事で農薬暴露があることを診療記録に記述すること、そして心臓病の標準的なリスク要因を抑えることの重要性です」と研究の共著者のベアトリズ ロドリゲス博士は言う。	"This study emphasizes the importance of using personal protective equipment during exposure to pesticides on the job and the importance of documenting occupational exposure to pesticides in medical records, as well as controlling standard heart disease risk factors," said study co-author Dr. Beatriz Rodriguez.
ロドリゲス博士は、マノアのハワイ大学の高齢者医療科の教授である。	She's a professor of geriatric medicine at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
これは、クアキニ・ホノルル心臓プログラムに参加したオアフ島在住の6,000人以上の男性から採取したデータを研究した結果である。	The findings stem from data on more than 6,000 men on Oahu who took part in the Kuakini Honolulu Heart Program.
この研究は日系人男性だけを対象にしているので、女性や他の人種に適用することはできないかもしれない、と研究者らは述べている。	Because only men of Japanese descent were involved, the findings may not apply to women or other populations, the researchers noted.
農薬は半減期が長いため、健康への影響は露出後何年も経ってから現れる可能性がある。	Since pesticides have a long half-life, their effects on health may show up years after exposure.
この研究では、露出後１０年以内に最も大きな影響が見られた。	In this case, the greatest effects were seen within 10 years of exposure.
「３４年間の追跡調査をした結果、仕事での農薬の露出と心臓病や心臓発作の関係はもはや重要なことではありません」とロドリゲス博士は報道発表で語った。	"After following the men for 34 years, the link between being exposed to pesticides at work and heart disease and stroke was no longer significant," Rodriguez said in a news release.
これはおそらく、高齢化に関連する他の要因の重要性がより高まり、晩年における農薬と心疾患の可能な関係を隠してしまうからだ。	This was probably because other factors tied to aging became more important, masking the possible relation of pesticides and cardiovascular disease later in life.
研究者らは、低・中濃度の農薬への露出と心臓病、心臓発作に重要な関連性はないことを発見した。	Researchers found no significant link between exposure to low to moderate amounts of pesticides and the risk of heart disease or stroke.
ゼレンスキーートランプ電話会談でポロシェンコ介入	The Zelensky-Trump phone call: Poroshenko weighs in
ドナルド・トランプ米大統領に対する弾劾手続きがとられ、ワシントン政治問題については激変的な一週間だった。	It was an explosive week in Washington politics, with impeachment proceedings launched against US President Donald Trump.
政治初心者のヴォロジミール・ゼレンスキーにとって、政治スキャンダルに飲み込まれることは避けたかったところだ。	For political novice Volodymyr Zelensky, being swept up into a political scandal is a move he would have wanted to avoid.
しかし、ゼレンスキーートランプ電話問題について、これまでに何が判明しているのだろうか、また、ゼレンスキーには広範囲に及ぶ影響が出るのだろうか？	But what do we know so far about the Zelensky-Trump affair and will it have far-reaching effects for the former?
電話会談のかなり初めの方で、トランプは米国は他の欧州諸国よりウクライナにいろいろ便宜をはかっているとゼレンスキーに語っている。	Quite early on in the phone call, Trump tells Zelensky that the US is doing more for Ukraine than other European countries.
ホワイトハウスから公表された通話記録は逐語的ではないものの、トランプがアンゲラ・メルケル独首相とその他の欧州首脳らが具体的な提案というより話合いに専念していると批判したと詳細に記述されている。	Although the calls notes released by the White House is not verbatim, it details Trump taking a hit at German Chancellor Angela Merkel - that the German leader and other European counterparts engage in talks rather than concrete proposals.
トランプに100％むしろ1000％反論するとしたゼレンスキーの返答が、論争の的とされている。	It was Zelensky's response that has been seen as controversial, saying that he does not agree with Trump 100%, rather 1000%.
ゼレンスキーは、マクロン仏大統領とメルケルは２人ともウクライナを十分に支援していないと付け加えた。	Zelensky added that both the French President Macron and Merkel are not working enough to assist Ukraine.
この会話に触発され、政治家、特にウクライナの野党がソーシャルメディアで論争した。	This exchange had politicians, particularly from the opposition within Ukraine, talking on social media.
ペトロ・ポロシェンコ前ウクライナ大統領は、ツイッターに「EUから受けた支援は前例がない」と投稿した。	Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine's former president, took to Twitter to say that the support provided by the EU "has been unprecedented."
そのほかにも、ポロシェンコは、「ロシア侵略」中のEUのロシア制裁と経済援助を含む支援には感謝しているとツイートした。	In other tweets, Poroshenko said that he was grateful for the EU support provided during "Russian aggression," which included sanctions and economic aid.
ウクライナの政治家、ヴィクトリア・ヴォイティシカは、「ドイツとフランスともう一度交渉できるのか」とし、懸念を表明するそのほかの政治家もいる。	Others expressed their concern, with Ukranian politician Victoria Voytsiska saying: "How could we speak to Germany and France again?"
続いてトランプは軍事援助をほのめかし、ゼレンスキーに対し、１件ではなく２件の調査を依頼する、その1つ目は、ジョー・バイデンの息子ハンターに対するもの、2つ目は、2016年選挙中にウクライナが民主党のEメール不正侵入に関与したと示唆し、ハッキングされた民主党全国委員会のサーバーについての捜査である。	Trump goes on to allude to military aid and asks Zelensky to investigate not one, but two claims: one into Joe Biden's son Hunter but also into the hacked DNC server, suggesting that Ukraine had some involvement in hacking into the Democrat's emails during the 2016 election.
これが欧州関係の妨げになるか、フランスおよびドイツ首脳に対して背水の陣を敷くのか、不透明である。	Whether this will hinder European relations, or burn bridges with his French and German counterparts, is unclear.
誰についても悪口は言いたくない。	I don't want to say anything bad about anyone ...
通話記録が発表されたことをうけ、支援してくれる人には感謝する」とゼレンスキーはニューヨークの国連総会で述べた。	"We thank everyone who helps us," Zelensky said in New York at the UN General Assembly following the release of the phone transcript.
ゼレンスキーは、10月に予定されているノルマンディ４サミットでロシア、ドイツ、フランスの首脳陣と会談する予定である。	Zelensky is set to meet the leaders of Russia, Germany, and France in the upcoming Normandy Four summit in October.
ガーナ、国際民間航空機関で２賞獲得	Ghana Wins Two ICAO Awards
カナダ・モントリオールで開催中の第40回国際民間航空機関（ICAO)総会で、ガーナが名誉ある２賞を獲得した。	Ghana has won two prestigious awards at the ongoing 40th International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) Assembly in Montreal, Canada.
この安全賞は、ガーナが有効実施率を暫定で89.89％獲得し、航空安全監督においてアフリカで最高得点を獲得したことを認められて授与された。	The safety award was in recognition of Ghana obtaining Africa's highest score in Aviation Safety Oversight after scoring a provisional Effective Implementation (EI) rate of 89.89 percent.
これに先立ち、ICAOは国連航空機関の世界安全監督監査報告書に従って、2019年4月３日に調整検証調査活動（ICVM)を終えていた。	This was after ICAO concluded its Coordinated Validation Mission (ICVM) on April 3, 2019, in line with the United Nations Aviation Agency's Universal Safety Oversight Audit Programme.
安全賞は、ガーナが空港及び自国領空での安全性に関して、ICAOが勧告する基準と協定を順守していることが認められた結果だ。	The award for security was in recognition of the country's high commitment to the ICAO's recommended standards and protocols on security at the Airport and Ghana's airspace.
これらの賞は、ICAOの乗り遅れる国ゼロキャンペーン支援の一環で創設された。	The awards scheme was established in support of the ICAO's No Country Left Behind initiative.
さらに、安全性の評価では１６の認定書、保安に関する評価では１７の認定書が、安全保安基準が改善されたICAO参加国に授与された。	Additionally, 16 other certificates were awarded for safety and 17 certificates awarded for security to member states of ICAO who had improved upon their safety and security standards.
賞を受け取ったのは、ジョゼフ・コフィ・アダ ガーナ航空大臣、サイモン・アロティ ガーナ民間航空局長、ニイ・アイコイ・オトウ駐カナダガーナ大使、ヤウ・クワクワ ガーナエアポートカンパニー取締役である。	Present to receive the awards for Ghana was the Minister of Aviation, Joseph Kofi Adda; Director General of the Ghana Civil Aviation Authority, Simon Allotey; Ghana's Ambassador to Canada, Nii Ayikoi Otoo and the Managing Director of the Ghana Airport Company Limited, Yaw Kwakwa.
オルムイワ・ベナード・アリウ国際民間航空機関理事会議長は演説の中で、参加国の航空安全の維持の必要性を強調した。	The President for the International Civil Aviation Organisation, Olumuyiwa Benard Aliu, in his address stressed the need for member states to maintain safety in the aviation space.
同議長は、「この革新の時代においても、航空安全と保安、持続性が依然として最も基本的な優先事項であることを常に自覚し続けることが重要である」と述べた。	He said "it is important for us to continue to remind ourselves that even in the era of innovation, Aviation safety, security and sustainability must remain our most fundamental priorities ."
また、アダ氏は、今回の受賞はセクターの不屈の努力と忍耐力を補完するものであり、ガーナの努力の賜物であると述べた。	On his part, Mr Adda remarked that the awards were great achievement to the country's efforts, as it would complement the sector's hard work and perseverance.
同氏は、さらに、「航空が私たちの生活を劇的に変える可能性が多いにある」として、航空業界には国内経済を発展させる多大な将来性があると指摘した。	He further noted that the aviation sector held great potential to developing the country's economy, saying "aviation holds a lot to transform our lives.
そこには社会経済的利益があるが、それらはすべて、われわれが達成してきた安全と安心があってのことだ。	The socioeconomic benefits are there but all comes from the safety and security which we've been able to achieve.
【高校野球】きょう28日準決勝 秋季県大会｜山形新聞	[High shool baseball] Semi-final today 28th, Autumn prefectural tournament｜Yamagata Newspaper
第72回秋季東北地区高校野球県大会は第9日の28日、中山町の荘内銀行・日新製薬スタジアムやまがた（荘銀・日新スタジアム＝県野球場）で準決勝2試合が行われる。	72nd Autumn Tohoku region high school baseball prefecture tournament will hold 2 semi-final games at Shonai Bank /Nisshin Seiyaku stadium Yamagata (Shogin, Nissin stadium = prefectural baseball stadium) in Nakayamacho on 28th, the 9th day of the tournament.
4強には鶴岡東、東海大山形、日大山形、山形中央が進んでいる。	Those moving to top 4 are Tsuruoka Higashi, Tokaidai Yamagata, Nichidai Yamagata, and Yamagata Chuo.
第1試合は鶴東―東海大。	The first game will be Tsuruhigashi - Tokaidai.
鶴東は好調の2番野川大輔らで打線の流れを作り、2試合ともに2桁得点。	Tsuruhigashi has a good batting line‐up with 2nd batter Nogawa Daisuke, who has been performing well, and scored double digits in both games.
準々決勝では18安打を放ち、危なげなく勝ち上がった。	In the quarter-final, they had 18 hits and were able to win playing a safe game.
失策ゼロと守備の堅さもある。	There were no mistakes in their strong defense.
東海大は3連覇を目指した酒田南を1回戦で破り勢いがある。	Tokaidai has momentum since beating Satkataminami, which was aiming for their third consecutive victory, in the first round.
エース畑中悠哉を中心に夏の全国選手権山形大会で主力だったメンバーが多く残る。	There are many strong players from the Yamagata tournament of summer national championship remaining on the team, including core player, ace Hatanaka Yuya.
今夏の王者に経験値の高い東海大が挑む構図だ。	The scene is an experienced Tokaidai challenging the champion of this summer.
第2試合は日大―山中央。	The second game is Nichidai - Yamachuo.
日大は3試合連続で10安打以上をマークし、得点機を逃さない勝負強さが光る。	Nichidai has had over 10 hits in 3 consecutive games, and they have a knack in not missing a chance to score.
制球力の高い斎藤堅史を中心に、全3試合で2失点に抑えた。	With the core of the team, Saito Kenshi, who has a strong control over the ball, they have only lost 2 points in all 3 games.
山中央は左腕太田大和が2試合を投げ抜き、要所で窮地を切り抜ける力を見せた。	For Yamachuo, the left‐handed pitcher, Ota Yamato threw for 2 games, and showed his ability to survive in difficult situations.
打線は羽黒戦で2本塁打が飛び出すなど手応えをつかんでおり、犠打を絡める堅実さもある。	The batting line-up gained confidence with 2 homeruns during the match against Haguro and they are sound in their game plan that involves bunts.
好打を誇る両チームの対決に注目が集まる。	The match between 2 teams that are good at batting commands considerable attention.
決勝と3位決定戦は29日に同会場で行われ、上位3校が10月に岩手県で開かれる東北大会への出場権を得る。	The final and third place playoff will be held at the same venue, and the top 3 schools will advance to Tohoku tournament that will be held in Iwate prefecture in October.
■きょうの試合 【荘銀・日新スタジアム】 ◇準決勝 鶴岡東 ― 東海大山形（10：00） 日大山形 ― 山形中央（12：30 ） （ 時間は変更になる可能性あり ） [ 特集]高校野球	Today's matches [Shogin /Nisshin stadium] , semi-final Tsuruoka Higashi - Tokaidai Yamagata（10：00） Nichidai Yamagata - Yamagata Chuo（12：30） （Time subject to change） [feature] Highschool baseball
トランプ氏、ピーター・ゲイノー氏をFEMA最高官に任命：ホワイトハウス	Trump nominates Peter Gaynor to be FEMA chief: White House
アメリカ合衆国連邦緊急事態管理庁 (FEMA)長官代理ピーター・ゲイノー氏は2019年4月3日、アメリカ合衆国ワシントン州キャピトル・ヒルにて行われた国家安全保障上院委員会での2020年度FEMA予算請求審問の証言上で笑顔を見せた。	Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Acting Administrator Peter Gaynor smiles as he testifies before a Senate Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee hearing on FEMA's FY2020 budget request on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2019.
ワシントン (ロイター通信) - ホワイトハウスの発表によると、アメリカ合衆国大統領ドナルド・トランプは木曜、ピーター・ゲイノー氏を連邦緊急事態管理庁最高官に任命した。	WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump nominated Peter Gaynor on Thursday to head the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the White House said in a statement.
FEMAの副長官ゲイノー氏は、ハリケーンや山火事など政府の災害対応を監督する長官代理の立場にあった。	Gaynor, FEMA's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires.
同庁は前長官のブロック・ロング氏が退任した3月以来、上院にて承認された長官が不在の状態にあった。	The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed administrator since March, when Brock Long left the post.
FEMA上部組織である国土安全保障省は、ロング氏がワシントンと自宅のあるノールキャロライナ間で政府公用車を通勤に不正利用したと断定、それを受け辞任していた。	Long resigned after the Department of Homeland Security, under which FEMA falls, concluded Long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between Washington and his home in North Carolina.
もう一人推薦されていたジェフリー・バイアード氏は、身辺調査結果で酒に酔って乱闘騒ぎに関与した疑いが持ち上がり、検討の末今月初めに選考から外されていた。	A different nominee for the job, Jeffrey Byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl.
ゲイノー氏の長官任命は予想通りだった。	Gaynor's nomination to the post was expected.
今後就任には上院の大多数による承認が必要となる。	He will require a majority of the Senate to approve the nomination to take the job.
2018年にFEMAの副長官に就任する以前、ゲイノー氏はロードアイランドにある緊急事態管理局ででの任務にあたっており、また海軍兵士あった、とホワイトハウスは述べている。	Before becoming FEMA's deputy administrator in 2018, Gaynor worked in emergency management in Rhode Island and was a Marine, the White House said.
CBSロサンゼルス - 警察がサン・ガブリエル・バレーの違法マリファナ・ベイピング営業を閉鎖	Police Shut Down Illegal Marijuana Vaping Operating In San Gabriel Valley - CBS Los Angeles
エルモンテ（CBSLA) - 警察は、木曜、サン・ガブリエル・バレーの違法マリファナ・ベイピング活動を閉鎖した。	EL MONTE (CBSLA) - Police shut down an illegal marijuana vaping operation in the San Gabriel Valley Thursday.
違法マリファナペン型ベイプ販売の疑いで警察が捜索令状を執行した後、午後4時37分に手入れが始まり、テルスター通り9600ブロックにあるオフィスビルでブタンハニーオイル（濃縮大麻オイル）の大型容器が発見された。	The bust happened at about 4:37 p.m. after police conducting a warrant search for suspected illegal marijuana vape pen sales and found large jars of butane honey oil - concentrated cannabis oil - at an office building in the 9600 block of Telstar Avenue.
エルモンテ警察のクリストファー・カノ警部補は、捜査員がベイプカートリッジを詰める機材も発見したと語った。	Lt. Christopher Cano with the El Monte Police said officers also found a machine that was used to load vape cartridges.
「この工程はとても危険である」とカノ警部補は言った。	"The process is very dangerous," Cano said.
カノ警部補は以前麻薬捜査に従事していたことがあり、ベイプ製品に使われるオイルを抽出する過程では引火の可能性があると述べた。	Cano, who used to work narcotics, said the process of distilling the oil for use in vape products is potentially flammable.
「衣服からの静電気だけでも引火する可能性があり、濃縮状態なので火事だけでなく爆発を引き起こす」とカノ警部補。	"Simple static electricity from our clothes can ignite these fumes causing not just a fire, but an explosion because it's under concentration," he said.
さらに、あのような複数の容器などがある場合、次々と爆発を起こし火事だけでなく、ビル全体が吹き飛ばされてしまう可能性もあった。	And if there's multiple jars and things like that, we're going to have one explosion after the next causing not just a fire, but we could possibly have a full complex taken out with the explosion.
危険物処理班が空きオフィスに召集され、違法で危険性のある物質を押収した。	A hazmat team was called to the vacant office to take possession of the illegal and potentially dangerous substance.
押収した物品及び機材の価格はすぐには公表されなかった。	The value of the confiscated products and equipment was not immediately known.
ある匿名情報を受け取り、それが違法活動を発見現場の捜査令状につながった、と捜査員は語った。	Detectives said they received an anonymous tip that led to the search warrant where they discovered the illegal operation.
捜査員は、違法ベイプ活動の黒幕は誰なのか未だに追求中である。	Investigators are still trying to figure out who's behind the illegal vaping operation.
警察は、オフィスは空家だったことから、その張本人がオフィスに店舗を構えたと考えていると述べた。	They said they believe the person responsible set up shop in the office because the space was vacant.
捜査が続行される中、警察は、特にベイピングの危険性に関わる最近のニュースを受け、違法ベイピング製品がちまたに出回らないようにしたいと述べた。	While the investigation continues, officers said they wanted to make sure the illegal vaping products did not make it to the street, especially in the wake of recent headlines involving the dangers of vaping.
カノ警部補は、「本当に本物なのか本人たちも知らずに購入している代物だ」と語った。	"This is just stuff that they don't even know if they're truly getting what they think that they're buying," Cano said.
製品はその他の有害物質と混ぜている可能性もある。	This could be mixed with other harmful chemicals.
それは、私たちのコミュニティや子供たちに多大な害を及ぼすものかもしれない、そのため、警察はこうした活動には近づかないよう、常に人々に警告している。	It could be very harmful to our community, to our children, so we always caution them that they should stay away from these operations.
コンサートの最中に震度６強の大地震が！	Seismic intensity 6 earthquake hits during a concert!
宮崎市のホールで避難訓練（宮崎ニュースUMK ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Earthquake drill conducted at auditorium in Miyazaki city (Miyazaki News UMK) - Yahoo! News
コンサートの最中に地震が発生したことを想定して、宮崎市のホールで、実践型の 避難訓練が行われました。	A practical evacuation drill was conducted at an auditorium simulating an earthquake during a concert.
毎年開催されているこの訓練。	This drill is held annually.
ステージでは実際に宮崎市消防団による演奏が行われ、曲の途中で震度６強の地震が発生するという想定です。	An actual concert was being performed by the Miyazaki fire department on the stage, with the scenario of a seismic intensity 6 earthquake hitting during a piece.
27日の訓練には、幼稚園児や地域住民、ホールのスタッフなど約300人が参加。	300 people participated in the drill held on 27th, including kindergarteners, local residents, and the employees at the auditorium.
園児たちが演奏を楽しんでいると ・ ・ ・	While the kindergarteners are enjoying the concert...
（ホール内放送 ）	(Announcement in the auditorium)
「 地震です、地震です、地震が発生しております。身体を低くしてその場で待機してください」	"Earthquake, earthquake, earthquake in progress, please lower your body and stay still where you are"
このあと、火災も発生したという想定で、参加者はエントランスに避難しました。	Afterward, the participants evacuated to the entrance with the assumption a fire started.
いつどこで発生するか分からない地震。	Earthquake, an uncertain occurrence regardless of time or place.
参加者は、訓練を通して改めて防災意識を高めていました。	The participants reinstated awareness about disaster prevention through this drill.
エリザベス１世の失われたドレス、ハンプトンコート宮殿に展示	Elizabeth I's lost dress to go on display at Hampton Court Palace
それは、最高級のカムレットシルク製で銀箔糸が織り込まれ、植物、獣、蝶の豪華な刺繍がふんだんにほどこされていた。	It was made of the finest chamblet silk, woven with strips of beaten silver, and had been exquisitely embroidered in a rich pattern of plants, beasts and butterflies.
ヒストリック・ロイヤル・パレスのドレスコレクション・キュレーター、エレリ・リンさんは、一点ものだと断定。	To Eleri Lynn, curator of the dress collection at Historic Royal Palaces, that meant only one thing.
リンさんが目にした、片田舎の小さな教会の壁にかけられていたこの褪せた一枚の布は、100年前にそこに配置されたとされ、エリザベス１世の洋服ダンスから紛失した衣服の一部とみられる。	The faded piece of fabric she was looking at, hanging on the wall of a tiny rural parish church where it had been placed 100 years earlier, could only be a lost piece of clothing from the wardrobe of Elizabeth I.
リンさんが、ヘレフォードシャーのバクトンにある教会の祭壇布として使われていたこの豪華な布を偶然見つけてから3年後、エリザベスの失われたドレスは来月ハンプトンコート宮殿で、このチューダー朝の女王が450年以上前に着用した可能性のあるまさしくその部屋の近くに展示される予定である。	Three years after Lynn stumbled across the sumptuous fabric, which had been used as an altar cloth in the church in Bacton, Herefordshire, Elizabeth's lost dress is to go on display next month at Hampton Court palace, close to the very rooms where the Tudor queen may well have worn it more than 450 years ago.
１６世紀のドレスで残っているのは他にもう1着だけで、ロイヤルドレスコレクション全体の中でも重要な発見だったことがわかる。	It is a measure of the importance of the discovery that in the entire royal dress collection, only one other item of 16th-century dress survives.
エリザベスがそのドレスに袖を通したという完璧な証拠はないものの、３年間の研究によりドレスは王室所有のものにまちがいないという専門家の確信が高まった。	And while there is no cast iron proof that the dress was once worn by Elizabeth, three years of scholarship have only strengthened experts' conviction that the dress must have been part of the royal wardrobe.
とてつもなく高価な織物「銀糸を使った布」は法により王室の中でも上級メンバーのみに用意されていたが、「名手」品質の植物や花の刺繍も、後に付け加えられた鹿、犬、蝶、漁師、熊の模様も、以前の持ち主が高貴な人物であったことを示唆する。	"Cloth of silver," a fantastically expensive fabric, was by law reserved only for the most senior members of the royal household, while the "virtuoso" quality of the embroidered plants and flowers, later supplemented by stags and dogs, butterflies, fishermen and a bear, also points to the loftiest of previous owners.
そのドレスは製作された当時、チューダー式邸宅一軒分に相当する価格だったと思われる。	The gown, at the time it was made, would have cost the equivalent of a Tudor mansion.
さらに、エリザベス朝末期の1590年代には、女王は宮殿の他の女性たちからますます脅かされるようなり、そのような豪華な衣服を着用するライバルたちには我慢がならなかったであろうと推測される。	In addition, said Lynn, in the 1590s, late in Elizabeth's reign, she had grown threatened by other women at court and would not have tolerated rivals wearing such exquisite fabric.
リンさんは、公表するには大事なので、同僚の専門家にも見に来てもらったという。	It's a big thing to say, so I have had lots of peer reviewers come and have a look at it.
皆もその布を見ると「すごい」と声をあげるのがいつも本当に嬉しく、ロイヤルドレスの1着を見ているのだと確信した。」	And it has always been really gratifying that when they see it they have a "wow" moment too, and leave quite convinced that we are looking at an item of royal dress."
切り取られ、人目に付かないバクトンの聖フェイス教会の祭壇布として使用されたドレスの一片の長いセカンドライフは、予想外のように思えるがそれほどでもない。	The long second life of the dress panel, recut to serve as an altar cloth in the obscure church of St Faith's, Bacton, is not quite so unexpected as it might appear.
バクトンは、エリザベス女王の長い生涯を通して女官として仕えたブランシュ・パリーの出身村で、地元伝説では、長い間その布がパリーに関連していると伝えられている。	Bacton was the home hamlet of Blanche Parry, the closest of Elizabeth's maids of honour who served the queen throughout her long life, and local legend has long associated the textile with Parry.
ドレスはパリーが亡くなった1590年より後のものであるが、専門家はエリザベスが1603年に死亡する以前に、パリーの追悼として家族か教会に進呈したものに違いないと考えている。	Though the dress postdates her death in 1590, experts believe Elizabeth must have given it to the Parry family or the parish in Blanche's memory, before her own death in 1603.
修復に1000時間以上、そのうち400時間が特別に染められたシルクと細い手術用針を使った非常に繊細な手縫に費された祭壇布は、展覧会の期間中ハットフィールド・ハウスから貸し出されている最も称賛された現代絵画のひとつ、よく似たドレスを着用したエリザベスを描いた「虹の肖像画」の隣に展示される予定である。	After more than 1,000 hours of conservation, 400 of them spent in the most delicate handstitching using specially dyed silk and fine surgical needles, the altar cloth will go on display next to the "Rainbow portrait," one of the most celebrated contemporary paintings of Elizabeth, which shows her dressed in a similar gown and which has been loaned by Hatfield House for the duration of the exhibition.
非常に高価なタペストリーの一部を収納できるだけ広いスペースはハンプトンコート敷地内の改修された温室のみで、保存作業はほとんどここで行われ、作業を指導したリビー・トンプソンは「歴史的な布地を扱っていると、それを作った人の職人技に本当に尊敬の念を感じる」と語った。	"When you're working with historic textiles you gain a real respect for the craftsmanship of the people who made them," said Libby Thompson, who led the conservation, much of which took place in a converted greenhouse in the Hampton Court grounds - the only space large enough to house some of the palace's priceless tapestries.
表と裏にほどこされた刺繍を見ると、これを作った人の対する非常に大きな尊敬の念がわく。	Looking at the embroidery, on the front and the back, it's given me a massive respect for those who made it.
これだけ洗練された作品を今までに見たことがなかった。	I have never worked on anything that's quite so elite.
エリザベスの失われたドレス展は、ハンプトンコート宮殿で10月12日から開催される。	The Lost Dress of Elizabeth opens on 12 October at Hampton Court Palace
「依頼の範囲は捜索しつくした」女児行方不明から１週間 自衛隊は撤収 ボランティアの男性も行方不明（UTYテレビ山梨 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"Finished searching the area requested" 1 week since girl went missing Self-Defense Force withdrawn Male volunteer also missing (UTY TV Yamanashi) - Yahoo! news
山梨県道志村のキャンプ場で小学１年生の女の子が行方不明になってから１週間です。	It's been one week since a 1st grade elementary school girl went missing in a campground in Doushimura, Yamanashi prefecture.
いまだに手がかりはなく自衛隊は２８日、捜索を終了し撤収しました。	There still are no indications of whereabouts, and the Self-Defense Force has ended their search and withdrawn.
千葉県成田市の小学１年生小倉美咲さんの行方が分からなくなり１週間、き２８日の捜索は午前６時に警察や自衛隊など約２４０人の体制で始まりました。	1 weeks since first grade elementary school student, Ogura Misaki from Narita city, Chiba prefecture went missing, and the search on 28th started at 6am with 240 members from the police and the Self-Defense Force.
しかし村は「依頼した範囲は捜索しつくした」として自衛隊に撤収を要請し、自衛隊の捜索は正午で終了しました。	However, the village stated that "the search in the area requested has been thoroughly done" and asked the Self-Defense Force to withdraw, so the search ended at noon.
自衛隊は２５日から４日間、山の斜面や沢など危険性の高い場所を中心に延べ６５０人を投入しましたが手がかりをつかむことはできませんでした。	The Self-Defense Force has deployed 650 members from the 25th for 4 days, to search dangerous areas such as mountain inclines and creeks, but have not been able to find any clues.
また２７日、ボランティアで捜索に参加したという２０代の男性の行方が分からなくなり、あわせて捜索しましたが見つかっていません。	On the 27th, a male in his 20s who have said to have joined the search as a volunteer has gone missing, and the search for him was carried out as well but has not been found.
警察と消防は２９日も午前６時半から捜索を続ける方針です。	Both the police and fire departments will continue their search from 6:30am on the 29th.
一票の格差訴訟 第1回口頭弁論・宮崎（MRT宮崎放送 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	One Vote Disparity Litigation 1st Oral Proceedings - Miyazaki (MRT Miyazaki Broadcasting) - Yahoo! News
一票の格差が是正されずに今年7月の参院選が実施されたのは憲法違反だとして、有権者が選挙無効を求めている裁判の第1回口頭弁論が福岡高裁宮崎支部で開かれ、即日結審しました。	In a trial where voters are seeking invalidation of the election to the House of Councilors that was carried out in July, claiming it was a violation of the Constitution without correcting the disparity of one vote, the first oral proceedings took place at the Miyazaki Branch of the Fukuoka High Court, and the trial was concluded the same day.
訴状によりますと原告側は、今年7月の参院選で議員1人あたりの有権者数が全国で最も少ない福井県と比べ、1票の価値が宮崎県では0．71票、鹿児島県では0．48票しかないとして、選挙無効を訴えています。	According to the complaint, the plaintiffs point out that compared to Fukui, where there is the least number of voters per member of Upper House in the election this July, the value of one vote in Miyazaki is 0.71, and only 0.48 in Kagoshima, and due to this the election is invalid.
福岡高裁宮崎支部で開かれた27日の第一回口頭弁論で、原告側は「1人1票の価値は不平等で違憲状態だった」と主張。	At the first oral proceedings held on the 27th at the Miyazaki Branch of Fukuoka High Court, the plaintiff asserted that “the value of one vote per person was unequal and unconstitutional”
これに対し、被告側の県選挙管理員会は 、 「 違憲の問題が生じる程度の著しい不平等状態にあったものとはいえず、合憲というべき」として請求棄却を求めました。	The defendant, the Prefectural Election Commission, stated It was “not a significant enough inequality to be considered unfair, so it should be considered constitutional." And requested the claim to be dismissed.
判決は10月30日に言い渡されます。	The ruling will be announced on October 30th.
連絡会代表らによる会見。	Press conference held by representatives of the Korean Kindergartens' Parents Network.
(写真左から) 徐怜愛教員、康仙華弁護士、宋恵淑代表	(From left to right) So Ryong Ae - teacher, Kang Sona - lawyer and Song Hye Suk - head of the Korean Kindergartens' Parents Network
27日、東京都千代田区の日本外国特派員協会で 、 「 幼保無償化を求める朝鮮幼稚園保護者連絡会 」 (以下、連絡会) による記者会見が行われた。	A press conference was held on the 27th at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Japan in Chiyoda Ward, Tokyo, by a liaison group from the Korean Kindergartens' Parents Network (hereafter, liaison group) seeking free child care.
会見したのは、連絡会の宋恵淑代表、康仙華弁護士、鶴見朝鮮幼稚園の徐怜愛教員の3名。	The press conference was held by three people: Song Hye Suk, head of the Korean Kindergartens' Parents Network, Kang Sona, a lawyer, and So Ryong Ae, teacher at Tsurumi Korean Kindergarten.
10月1日から実施される幼保無償化制度から、朝鮮学校を含めた各種学校認可の88校が除外されることについて、代表らは「理不尽な差別だ」と訴えた。	The three representatives claimed that the exclusion of 88 licensed schools, including Korean schools, from the free childcare program due to come into effect from October 1st was "unfair discrimination".
東証、午前終値は２万１７７９円 米株安重しで大幅反落｜静岡新聞アットエス	Tokyo Stock Exchange closes morning at 21,779 yen, falling sharply in reaction to US stocks | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
２７日午前の東京株式市場の日経平均株価（２２５種）は大幅反落した。	On the morning of the 27th, the Nikkei Index (225 stocks) on the Tokyo Stock Exchange fell sharply.
前日の米国株安が重しとなり、下げ幅は一時３００円を超え、取引時間中として約２週間ぶりの安値を付けた。	The effect of low US stock prices the previous day caused the drop to exceed 300 yen, hitting the lowest price in two weeks during trading.
半導体関連に売り注文が出たことも下げ要因となった。	Orders to sell stocks of companies related to semiconductors also contributed to the drop.
午前終値は前日終値比２６８円２５銭安の２万１７７９円９９銭。	The morning closed out at 21,779.99 yen, 268.25 yen lower than the previous day.
東証株価指数（ＴＯＰＩＸ）は２５・７５ポイント安の１５９７・５２。	The Tokyo Stock Price Index (TOPIX) fell 25.75 points to 1597.52.
前日のニューヨーク市場は、トランプ米大統領に対する弾劾問題で米国政治の混乱が警戒され、ダウ工業株３０種平均は下落して取引を終えた。	The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed the previous day in New York after a slump in trading as the market erred on the side of caution, expecting there to be political turmoil accompanying the impeachment of President Trump.
２７日の東京市場もこの流れを引き継いだ。	The Tokyo Market followed this trend on the 27th.
MAX"うんこカワイイ"世界 「うんこミュージアムSHANGHAI」オープン（オーヴォ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"Unko Museum Shanghai", the Max "Unko Kawaii" world, opens (Ovo) - Yahoo! News
海外でもなぜか人気があるうんちの絵文字やグッズ。	Unko emojis and merchandise that somehow gained a lot of popularity worldwide.
うんちのLINEスタンプやキーホルダーを持っている人もいるかな？	Is there anybody who has poop Line stamps or key chains?
横浜とお台場にオープンして以来話題を集めている「うんこミュージアム」が海外にも進出する。	"Unko Museum" which has gained huge attention since the opening in Yokohama and Odaiba, is set to roll out overseas.
2019年10月～2020年1月までの期間限定で中国・上海にオープンするのが「うんこミュージアムSHANGHAI」だ。	"Unko Museum Shanghai" will open for a limited amount of time in Shanghai, China, from October 2019 to January 2020.
SHANGHAIの会場は横浜・お台場よりも大きい過去最大規模（703㎡）に。	The Shanghai museum boasts the largest venue (70 square meters,) compared to the ones in Yokohama and Odaiba.
コンテンツは国内のうんこミュージアムと同様で、巨大オブジェから小さなうんこが飛び出すうんこボルケーノのある「大広場 」 、 かわいくてキラキラしたうんこが並ぶ「ウンスタジェニックエリア 」 、 世界のうんこグッズを知ることができる「ウンテリジェンスエリア 」 、 うんこのゲームが楽しめる「ウンタラクティブエリア」の4エリアで構成される。	The exhibits are the same as the ones in Japan consisting of 4 areas; "Big Square" where there is a unko volcano, a large object that shoots out small unkos, "Unstagenic Area" where cute, sparkly poops are lined up, "Untelligence Area" where one can learn about poop related merchandise from all over the world, and "Unterracreative Area" where people can enjoy poop games.
前からうんこの良さに気付いている人も 、 「 うんこがカワイイってどういうこと ？ 」と思っている人も、みんな楽しめるのがうんこミュージアムらしい。	It's a fun-filled museum for everyone, whether you have already noticed the awesomeness of unko or if are wondering "what does cute poop mean?"
うんこを見て、触って、撮って遊べる"MAXうんこカワイイ"世界をエンジョイしてみる？	Would you like to enjoy "Max Unko Kawaii" world where poops can be viewed, touched, and photographed for fun?
上海市闸北区西藏北路166号 上海静安大悦城北楼4階 開催期間：2019年10月19日～2020年1月3日 営業時間：10:00～22:00 ※最終入場受付は21:00	Joy City Shopping Mall Floor 4F, 166 Xizang N Rd, Zhabei Qu, Shanghai Shi, China, Running: From October 19th, 2019 to January 3rd, 2020, Hours: From 10:00 to 22:00, *Last admission is at 21:00.
いすゞの大型トラック ギガ、最新モデルを世界初公開へ...東京モーターショー2019（レスポンス ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Isuzu heavy-duty truck, Giga, world premier of the latest model ...Tokyo motor show 2019 (Response) - Yahoo! News
いすゞ自動車は、10月24日から11月4日まで東京ビッグサイトなどで開催される「東京モーターショー2019」にて、大型トラック『ギガ』最新モデルを世界初公開する。	Isuzu motors will showcase their latest model heavy-duty truck "Giga" for the first time in the world at "Tokyo motor show 2019," which will be held at venues including Tokyo Big Sight from October 24th to November 4th.
いすゞトラックのフラッグシップモデル、ギガは、最新の先進安全装置に加え、ドライバーへの疲労軽減装備を新たに拡充。	In addition to the latest advanced safety feature, Isuzu's flagship model, Giga, has improved features to reduce driver fatigue.
歩行者や自転車も検知するプリクラッシュブレーキ、右左折時の巻き込み事故抑制や車線変更を支援するブラインドスポットモニターや可変配光型LEDヘッドランプ等により安全運転に貢献する。	It will contribute to better safety with its pre-crash brake that detects pedestrians and bicycles, blind spot monitor to help avoid collisions when turning at intersections as well as assist safe lane changes and adaptive LED headlights with variable light distribution,
また、全車速で先行車に追従する全車速ミリ波車間クルーズや新ハイルーフキャブ等によりドライバーの疲労軽減に寄与。	Cruise control system utilizing a millimeter-wave radar to automatically adjust the vehicle speed for a safe distance from a preceding vehicle and a newly designed high roof cabin are also added to alleviate driver fatigue.
さらに、車両運行・動態管理システム「MIMAMORI」も車両コンディション項目を拡充。	Additionally, a vehicle operation / movement management system "Mimamori" improves the condition of the vehicle.
安全装置の作動状況も新たにモニタリングし、安心稼働を支援する。	It monitors the status of the safety features, and support safe operation of the vehicle.
また、未来の物流ネットワークをショーモデルとして表現した「FL-IR」をワールドプレミアする。	Also, there will be a world premiere of "FL-IR", a logistic network of the future depicted by a show model.
FL-IRは、魚類などに見られる超音波の会話や行動習性と、コネクテッドや隊列走行との類似性に着目。	FL-IR focuses on similarities between connected and platooning trucks and marine animals' communication through ultrasonic waves and their unique behaviors.
エクステリアは「サメ」をモチーフに効率的なロボットのイメージを付与したバイオデザインを取り入れ、風を切り裂く有機的な形状の前絞りキャブと、その周りを覆う硬質なエアロデバイスの対比をスタイルの特徴としている。	The exterior has "shark" inspired bio design that projects an image of an effective robot, with characteristic of contrasting styles between organically shaped sharp-nose cabin for cutting through the wind, and the sturdy aero device that surrounds it.
インテリアは手動・自動の運転モード変更でダッシュボードが入れ替わるレイヤーデザインを採用。	A layer design was applied for the interior, which enables the dashboard to switch between manual or autonomous driving.
シートはセンターに配置し、快適な操作性と居住性を兼ね備える。	Seats are installed in the center for pleasant driving and comfortability.
同じく世界初公開となるのが、次世代の小型配送車「エルフEVウォークスルーバン 」 。	Another world premiere is the next generation small-scale delivery vehicle "Elf EV Walk-through Van."
ゼロエミッションや低騒音はもちろん、EVだからこそ実現できたウォークスルー構造を組みあわせ、ドライバーの労働環境や集配作業の効率化にも配慮している。	In addition to zero emission and low noise level, a walk-through structure that was possible due to being an EV has been implemented, for efficiency of collection and delivery as well as work environment.
運転席には回転シートを搭載することで、ドライバーの車内移動をサポート。	A swivel seat is installed for the driver, which supports the driver's movement inside the vehicle.
また安全面でも、広範囲を映し出す電子ミラーシステムや、車両全周囲を確認できる3Dサラウンドマルチビューを搭載する。	In regards to safety, a wide-view digital mirror system, as well as 3D surround multi-view for periphery monitoring, are equipped.
このほか、日野が共同開発した国産初のハイブリッド連節バス「エルガデュオ」や大幅な改良を行った小型トラック「エルフ 」 、 最新の排出ガス規制への対応と燃費の両立を実現したディーゼル4JZ1エンジンを出品する。	In addition to this, "Erga Duo", the country's first hybrid articulated bus developed jointly with Hino, "Elf", a substantially improved small-scale truck, as well as Diesel 4JZ1 engine, which allows compliance to the latest emissions regulation and high fuel efficiency, will be exhibited.
また、稼働サポート「PREISM（プレイズム ） 」 や天然ガス自動車への取り組みを動画やパネル展示で紹介。	There will also be video and panel exhibits of "PREISM (Preism)" , an operation support, and their work regarding natural gas vehicles.
ファミリースペースでは、いろいろなトラックの使われ方を動画で見ることができるタッチパネルや、トラックドライバーになりきれるフォトブースなどを用意する。	In the family space, there will be a touch panel that plays a video showing various trucks and their purposes, and a truck driver photo booth that allows show goers to be truck drivers.
無人補給機、宇宙基地に到着 ロボットアームでキャッチ｜静岡新聞アットエス	Unmanned supply craft caught by robot arm as it arrives at space station | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
国際宇宙ステーションに到着した無人補給機「こうのとり」８号機。	Kounotori 8, the robotic cargo spacecraft arrives at the ISS.
左下からステーションのロボットアームが伸びている（ＮＡＳＡ提供）	The robotic arm of the space station can be seen extending from the bottom left (photo provided by NASA)
国際宇宙ステーションが「こうのとり」８号機のキャッチに成功し、拍手するＪＡＸＡ職員ら＝２８日（ＪＡＸＡ提供）	JAXA officials on the 28th applaud when the ISS succeeded in catching the Kounotori 8 (photo provided by JAXA)
高度約４００キロの国際宇宙ステーションに物資を運ぶ宇宙航空研究開発機構（ＪＡＸＡ）の無人補給機「こうのとり」８号機が２８日夜、ステーション付近に到着、滞在中の宇宙飛行士がロボットアームを操作しキャッチした。	The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA)'s unmanned robotic cargo spacecraft, Kounotori 8, on a mission to bring supplies the International Space Station orbiting above Earth at an altitude of 400km, reached the vicinity of the station on the evening of the 28th, where it was caught by a robot arm being operated by one of the astronauts onboard.
補給機は鹿児島県の種子島宇宙センターから２５日に打ち上げられ、ＪＡＸＡ筑波宇宙センターの制御で徐々に高度を上げた。	The supply craft was launched from the Tanegashima Space Center in Kagoshima Prefecture on the 25th, gradually climbing to the required altitude under the control of the JAXA Tsukuba Space Center.
最後にはステーションと同じ速度で飛行することで速度差を無くし、約１０ｍの距離まで接近。	Finally, it matched speed with the station, getting to a distance within just 10m of the station.
長さ１７・６ｍのロボットアームが補給機をつかむ流れだ。	From there, the supply craft was grabbed by a 17.6m-long robotic arm.
補給機は約５・３トンの物資を搭載。	It was carrying approximately 5.3 tons of supplies.
ステーションに取り付けた後、飛行士が荷物を搬出する。	Once it was docked with the station, the astronauts brought the supplies on board.
メキシコ麻薬カルテル幹部、米国内薬物の3分の1に関与	Mexican cartel boss behind one-third of drugs in the U.S.
シカゴ発 シカゴ・ウェストサイドの日の出直後、CBSニュースは薬物取引のラッシュアワーを捉えた。	Chicago - Just after sunrise on Chicago's West Side, CBS News watched the morning rush for drugs.
麻薬取締局（DEA)のブライアン・マクナイトが白昼堂々と何が行われているのかを明らかにした。	Brian McKnight with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) showed what was going on in broad daylight.
昨年シカゴでは、800人近くが薬物過剰摂取で死亡している。	Last year in Chicago, almost 800 people died from drug overdoses.
マクナイトは、シカゴで取り引きされる薬物の「おそらく９割」がメキシコから持ち込まれたものだと語った。	McKnight said "probably 90%" of the drugs in Chicago are coming from Mexico.
DEAは、通称エル・メンチョことネメシオ・セルバンテスという名のメキシコ麻薬王に注目している。	The DEA is focused on a Mexican drug lord named Nemesio Cervantes, known simply as El Mencho.
メキシコ駐在のマシュー・ドナヒューDEA幹部捜査官は、「メンチョは、DEAと、実のところ、米国連邦法執行機関の最優先お尋ね者だ」と語った。	"He is the number one priority for DEA and frankly for federal law enforcement in the United States," said Matthew Donahue, the DEA's top agent in Mexico.
エル・メンチョにかけられた懸賞金は1000万ドルに達する。	A bounty for El Mencho is up to $10 million.
ドナヒューの手助けで、密林内にあるエル・メンチョの薬物製造拠点数十件が暴かれた。	He has helped uncover dozens of El Mencho drug labs in the jungle.
エル・メンチョの麻薬カルテル、ハリスコ・ヌエバ・へネラシオン（CJNG)は、陸路や海路で米国に持ち込まれる薬物の少なくとも3分の１に関与している。	El Mencho's Cartel Jalisco Nueva Generacion, or CJNG, is responsible for at least a third of the drugs entering the U.S. by land and sea.
司法省によると、同カルテルは「大量の」コカイン、メタンフェタミン、フェンタニル混合ヘロインを密売してきた。	According to the Department of Justice, the cartel has trafficked "tons" of cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyl-laced heroin.
エル・メンチョの首には1000万ドルの懸賞金がかけれられている。	El Mencho has a $10 million bounty on his head.
皮肉なことに、メンチョは30数年前カリフォルニアに住んでいたが、麻薬絡みの容疑で逮捕され、メキシコに送還された。	Ironically, he lived in California some 30 years ago, where he was arrested on drug charges and eventually deported back to Mexico.
そこで凶暴な麻薬カルテルを始めた。	That's where he started the violent cartel.
膨大な量の武器、携行式ロケット弾、50口径弾を所有している。	He has got an enormous amount of weapons, RPGs, 50 caliber weapons.
実際に独自の特別機動隊も所有しているとドナヒューは語った。	He basically has his own SWAT teams," Donahue said.
６名の死者を出したメキシコ陸軍ヘリコプター撃墜から今夏の公開処刑への関与に至るまで、エル・メンチョは処罰を受けずに自己の帝国を死守している。	From shooting down a Mexican Army helicopter, killing six, to being implicated in a public hanging this summer, El Mencho protects his empire with impunity.
近年、麻薬カルテルの抗争が原因となる数千件の殺人事件が起きている。	Cartel violence has led to thousands of murders in recent years.
メキシコ政府の統計によると、1日に約94件の殺人事件が起きているという。	According to statistics from the Mexican government, there are approximately 94 homicides per day.
シカゴでは、押収されたメキシコ産麻薬は毒性が強いため、取り扱い時には防護服を着用しなければならない。	Back in Chicago, the Mexican drugs seized are so toxic, they can't be handled without protective gear.
製造拠点では、コカインの袋には密売者の刻印が押されている。	At the lab, packs of cocaine are stamped with trafficker brands.
3分の１以上がエル・メンチョの麻薬カルテル製とみられる。	More than a third can be traced back to El Mencho's cartel.
ドナヒューは、「メンチョは、何の罪もない女性や子供の命を事実上奪っている有害物質の流入に関与している」と述べた。	"He is the one that is responsible for sending the poison that is actually killing innocent women and kids," Donahue said.
つまり、誰かの子供が死亡した際、エル・メンチョの組織から持ち込まれた薬物である「可能性が高い」のである、とドナヒューは語った。	So, when someone's child dies, Donahue said there's "a good chance" those drugs came from El Mencho's organization.
昨年、67000名以上のアメリカ人が過剰摂取により死亡した。	Last year, more than 67,000 Americans died from an overdose.
大阪・天王寺動物園でコアラ送別 繁殖で英国へ、１０年間貸し出し｜静岡新聞アットエス	Osaka Tennoji Zoo bids farewell to koala as he will be lent to the UK for 10 years as part of a breeding program | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
繁殖のため英国の動物園へ貸し出される雄のコアラ「アーク」＝２８日、大阪市の天王寺動物園	"Ark" the male koala will be lent to a zoo in the UK for breeding, at Tennoji Zoo in Osaka on the 28th
コアラ「アーク」の送別会で寄せ書きをする子どもたち＝２８日、大阪市の天王寺動物園	Children writing messages to "Ark" at farewell party for the koala, at Tennoji Zoo in Osaka on the 28th
天王寺動物園（大阪市天王寺区）は２８日、大阪府内で唯一飼育する雄のコアラ「アーク」の送別会を開いた。	On the 28th, Tennoji Zoo (Tennoji-ku, Osaka) held a farewell party for its male koala, Ark, the only male koala in Osaka prefecture.
繁殖のため１０月中旬に英国の動物園へ１０年間の貸し出しが決まっており、戻ってこない可能性が高い。	Setting out in mid-October, Ark will spend the next 10 years on loan at a zoo in England to participate in its breeding program, and it is unlikely that he will ever return.
「ありがとう 」 「 お元気で 」 。	"Thank you", "Take care".
ユーカリが生い茂るコアラ舎の前に集まった約６００人の来園客が別れを惜しんだ。	Approximately 600 visitors gathered in front of the eucalyptus-filled koala building for an emotional farewell.
アークは１２歳。	Ark is 12 years old.
コアラの飼育下の寿命は１５～２０年で 、 「 婿入り」した英国で天寿を全うするとみられる。	Koalas live for 15-20 years in captivity, and Ark is expected to live out the rest of his natural life with his new family in England.
担当の飼育員辻本英樹さん（４０）は「コアラの飼育に幕を下ろすのは切ない。感謝でいっぱい」と涙ぐんだ。	Ark's keeper Tsujimoto Hideki said tearfully, "It's sad to be no longer rearing koalas. I'm so grateful for what I had."
ソニー、プレイステーション４サプライズニュースを発表しPS４ゲームが昔風に	PS4 game goes old-school, as Sony reveals surprise PlayStation 4 news
ソニーが、販売予定のPS４限定ザ・ラスト・オブ・アス パート２の内容を明らかにした。	Sony has shed more light on upcoming PS4 exclusive The Last of Us: Part Two.
最近のステート・オブ・プレイ発表の一環として、ソニーはラスト・オブ・アスの続編の2020年2月のリリース日を発表した。	As part of Sony's recent State of Play presentation, Sony announced a February 2020 release date for the Last of Us sequel.
この新作アクションゲームの緊迫感あふれるゲームプイ映像の一部もファンに披露された。	Fans were also treated to some breathtaking new gameplay footage of the upcoming action game.
ラスト・オブ・アス２の大発表ニュースの数日後にさらに詳細が発表されている。	Even more details have been announced in the days since the big Last of Us 2 gameplay reveal.
ソニーとノーティドッグは色々な意味で昔風に戻るようだ。	And it looks like Sony and Naughty Dog are taking it back to the old-school in more ways than one.
PSワンの時代以来あまり見たことのない、ラスト・オブ・アス パート２が複数ディスクで発売される。	Something we haven't seen very often since the PSOne era, The Last of Us: Part 2 will ship on multiple discs.
テレグラフの素晴らしい取材の中で、ノーティドッグのニール・ドラックマンは、続編はこれまでで最大のゲームの一つに進化したとまで発表した。	Naughty Dog's Neil Druckmann confirmed as much in an excellent interview with The Telegraph, explaining that the sequel evolved into one of the biggest games ever.
「前作とは違った意味で、ストーリーは壮大で複雑だ」とドラックマンは語った。	"This story is ambitious and complex in ways that the first one wasn't," he said.
そして、このようにたくさんの登場人物がいるストーリーを語るにはそれだけ大きくする必要があったとした。	And it needed to be that big to tell this kind of story with this many characters.
史上最大のゲームをつくるつもりではなかったが、結局あそこまで進化してしまった。	We didn't set out to make the biggest game ever, it just kind of evolved that way.
「このストーリーがどれだけ展開していくのかワクワクした、ユーザーはこれが終わりと感じる瞬間があるが、実はそれは始まりであり、他のセクション全部が始まると気付く」と続けた。	"We got excited by how much this story has to offer, and there's going to be moments where you'll think you're getting to the end and you'll realise it was just the opening part and it's opened up to this whole other section," Druckmann continues.
ゲームはあまりに壮大で一枚のブルーレイに入りきらず、ディスク２枚分となった。	It's so ambitious the game doesn't fit on one BluRay, it's on two discs.
他にも、ラスト・オブ・アス パート２には、職場で開くとまずいイースターエッグ（Gamespot経由）が１つか２つ含まれているという。	Elsewhere, it was revealed that The Last of Us: Part Two contains one or two not safe for work Easter eggs (via Gamespot).
このサプライズを台無しにしたくはないが、ゲーム中のイースターエッグには、懐かしいノーティドッグの作品関連が含まれている。	While we won't ruin the surprise here, the in-game Easter eggs include references to old-school Naughty Dog releases.
2020年2月21日にラスト・オブ・アス パート２がPS4限定で発売されたら、もっといろいろわかるだろう。	You can find out more when The Last of Us: Part Two launches exclusively for PS4 on February 21, 2020.
PS４を持っている人は、PSプラスでラスト・オブ・アス・リマスタードをピックアップして、続編のリリースに備えるとよい。	PS4 owners can prepare for the release of the sequel by picking up The Last of Us Remastered with PS Plus.
ソニーは2019年10月に、前述のノーティドッグ作品を含むプレイステーション・プラスの無料PS４ゲームを最近発表した。	Sony recently announced the PlayStation Plus free PS4 games for October 2019, which includes the aforementioned Naughty Dog release.
MLBザ・ショー19も、PSプラス会員向けに１0月に発売される。	MLB The Show 19 will also be available for PS Plus subscribers in October.
ラスト・オブ・アス・リマスタードが気に入って、続編を先行予約したい場合、ソニーは、人気キャラクター エリーのバックパックとブレスレットのレプリカ、12インチフィギュアが入った特典付きバージョンを含む複数バージョンのゲームをすでに発表している。	If you enjoy The Last of Us Remastered and want to pre-order the sequel, Sony has announced multiple editions of the game, including a bumper version containing a replica of Ellie's backpack, her bracelet and a 12-inch statue of the iconic character.
能登島移動販売「助かる」 協議会が試行 住民は継続願う（北國新聞社 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Mobile sales on Noto-jima "a big help", residents hope council continues trials (The Hokkoku Shimbun) - Yahoo!News
高齢化が進み、商店が減った七尾市の能登島で２６日、住民でつくる「能登島地域づくり協議会」による移動販売が始まった。	On the 26th, on Nanao city's island of Noto-jima, where the population is ageing and the number of shops is on the decline, the Noto-jima Community Development Council that is made up of residents began trial of mobile sales.
１２月までの試行で、日用品や調味料、食品を積んだワゴン車が、初日は須曽町会と半浦町会を回った。	The trial will continue until December, and on the first day station wagons loaded with daily necessities, condiments and seasonings and other food products visited Suso Town Council and Hannoura Town Council.
予想以上の売れ行きで急きょ補充した商品もあり、住民からは「助かる 」 「 品物を選ぶのは楽しい」と継続を求める声が上がった。	Some products sold a lot more quickly than expected and had to be quickly replenished, while residents said it was "a big help", "picking out products was fun" and they hoped the service would continue.
ワゴン車には、総菜、市指定のごみ袋や洗剤など１１０点が積まれた。	The station wagons were loaded with 110 products, including prepared side dishes, city designated rubbish bags and detergent.
一人暮らしのお年寄りでも食べきれるように、パックに小分けしたポテトサラダ、きんぴらごぼうなどの総菜が１００円と手頃な価格で並んだ。	To make it easier for elderly people living alone to eat, side dishes such as potato salad and fried strips of burdock were available in smaller packs at the reasonable price of 100 yen.
須曽町会では、住民の列ができ、塩や砂糖が完売した。	At Suso Town Council, residents queued up to purchase items, and the salt and sugar sold out.
協議会の菊地明暢さんは「まさかこんなに売れるとは思わなかった」と驚いた表情を見せた。	Kikuchi Akinobu of the development council expressed their surprise, saying, "I didn't think things would sell as well as they did."
普段は夫の運転で買い物をしている能登島須曽町の原田美津枝さん（８３）は「値段が安くて便利。お父さんがいつまで運転できるか分からないし、これからも続けてほしい」と期待を寄せた。	Harada Mitsue (83) of Suso-cho, who would usually be driven to the shops by her husband, said, "The prices are cheap and it's convenient. I don't know how much longer my husband will be able to drive for, so I'd definitely like this service to continue."
利用者からは「缶コーヒーではなく、自分でドリップするコーヒーも積んでほしい」といった注文も寄せられた。	Other shoppers had particular requests, one asking for them to bring drip coffee rather than canned coffee.
協議会は要望にあった品ぞろえを検討する。	The council will consider a selection of products that suits everyone's needs.
能登島では現在、日用品を買える場所がコンビニ１店舗のみで、協議会は「買い物弱者」を救おうと移動販売を試行した。	Noto-jima currently only has one convenience store where you buy daily necessities, so the development council has set up the mobile sales trial to help people who find it difficult to go out shopping.
１２月まで、島内の２０町会を月に１度回り、来年度以降も事業として継続できるか検討する。	The service will visit the island's 20 town councils once a month until December, after which, they will consider whether it can continue as a normal service in the new year.
スコット・モリソン首相は、干ばつ被害を受けた住民におよそ1億ドルの追加支援を決定したと表明した。	Prime Minister Scott Morrison has announced almost $100 million of extra assistance for drought-affected communities.
干ばつ被害にあえぐ農家への現金支援政策は延長され、既存の農家手当も簡易化のため大幅に見直される。	A program delivering cash payments to drought-affected farmers will be extended, and the farm household allowance will be overhauled to make it simpler.
追加支援では、およそ3千4百万ドルが干ばつ被害住民支援機関へと計上され、対象農家は上限3千ドルの緊急援助が受けられるようになる。	The package includes almost $34 million for the Drought Community Support Initiative allowing eligible households access to up to $3000 in emergency payments.
干ばつ被害地域助成プログラムとして、最大13の自治体それぞれにインフラ整備と干ばつ被害対策のため一億ドルを上限とした干ばつ救援金が援助される。	Up to 13 local government areas will each be provided with up to $1 million in infrastructure and drought relief grants under the Drought Community Programme.
今回の追加支援に加え、これまでに政府は干ばつ支援として70億ドル以上の予算をすでに計上してきた。	The new support package comes on top of more than $7 billion in drought support funding already provided by the government.
ロナルド・リー・ハスケル：テキサス州で元妻の家族殺害容疑	Ronald Lee Haskell: Man convicted of killing his ex-wife's family in Texas
ロナルド・リー・ハスケル（３９）は、2014年テキサス州スプリングで、スティーブンさんとケイティ・ステイさん、およびその子供５人のうち４人を殺害したとして有罪判決を受けた。	Ronald Lee Haskell, 39, was convicted in the 2014 killings of Stephen and Katie Stay and four of their five children in Spring, Texas.
ハスケルは、2014年7月9日、ステイさん宅に押し入り、別居中の妻メラニー・ハスケルさんの居場所を詰問した、と当局は述べた。	Authorities said he entered the Stays' home on July 9, 2014, demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife, Melannie Haskell.
メラニーさんは不在だったが、姉妹のケイティ・ステイさんと家族がいた。	She was not there, but her sister, Katie Stay, and her family were.
ハスケルは発砲し、スティーブン・ステイ（３９）さん、ケイティ・ステイ（３３）、13歳と4歳の息子、9歳と7歳の娘が死亡した、とハリス郡警察署は発表した。	Stephen Stay, 39, Katie Stay, 33, two boys, ages 13 and 4, and two girls, ages 9 and 7, were killed when Haskell opened fire, the Harris County Sheriff's Office said.
家族の中で、ただ一人、当時15歳だったカシディ・ステイさんだけが一命を取り留めた。	Only one member of the family, then 15-year-old Cassidy Stay, survived.
当時、当局はカシディさんは重傷と報じたが、その後完全に回復した。	Authorities at the time indicated she was critically wounded, though she later made a full recovery.
木曜、陪審員は全員一致でロナルド・リー・ハスケルの心神喪失による無罪主張を退けた。	Jurors on Thursday unanimously rejected Ronald Lee Haskell's insanity defense.
月曜の量刑手続きまで陪審員は解任された。	The jury was dismissed until Monday for sentencing.
「私たちを失望させる選択をすれば、決して許さない 」 。	"If you choose to fail us, you will not be forgiven"
怒りに声を震わせた少女の訴えは、居並ぶ各国指導者らに響いたのだろうか。	Did the condemnation of a girl, whose voice quivered with anger, resonate with the amassed world leaders?
地球温暖化が深刻さを増す。	Global warming increases in severity.
ニューヨークで開かれた国連気候行動サミットで、スウェーデンの１６歳の環境活動家グレタ・トゥンベリさんが対策強化を求めて演説した。	Greta Thunberg, the 16-year-old environmental activist from Sweden, addressed the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York, calling for stronger measures.
授業をボイコットして議会前で座り込むなど 、 「 学校ストライキ」を世界中に広げる火付け役となった。	By boycotting classes and sitting in front of parliament, she has helped to spark "school strikes" around the world.
不安やいらだちを募らせた若者らは、日本を含む世界各地で一斉抗議活動を行った。	Anxious and frustrated young people took part in protests en masse around the world, including in Japan.
１５０カ国以上で約４百万人が参加したとみられる。	It is estimated that around 4 million people participated in more than 150 countries.
盛岡でもメッセージボードを掲げて行進した。	There were even people marching with placards in Morioka.
気候変動の脅威は、身近に迫っている。	The threat of climate change draws ever closer.
２０２０年に本格始動する国際枠組み「パリ協定」は、今世紀後半に世界の温室効果ガス排出を実質ゼロにし、産業革命前からの気温上昇を２度未満、できれば１・５度に抑えるのが目標だ。	The Paris Agreement, which will come fully into effect in 2020, is an international framework that aims to reduce global emissions of greenhouse gases to essentially zero by the latter half of the century, and to keep temperature rise since the Industrial Revolution within 2属C, preferably 1.5属C.
先進国、途上国の区別なく全ての参加国がそれぞれ定めた対策を講じる。	All participating nations will do their part to implement the necessary measures regardless of whether they are a developed or developing nation.
しかし、高温や豪雨など、温暖化との関連が指摘される異常気象が各地で相次ぐ。	Yet, abnormal weather patterns that have been linked to global warming, such as high temperatures and heavy rain, continue to affect various areas.
速いペースで進む温暖化に、一段の取り組み強化が求められている。	Further efforts are required to combat the rapid pace of global warming.
危機感を強める国連のグテレス事務総長の呼び掛けで実現したサミットでは、７７カ国が５０年までに実質ゼロにする長期目標を表明。	At the summit, which was called into session by UN Secretary-General Guterres to emphasize the impending crisis, 77 nations announced long-term targets to cut emissions to zero by 2050.
ほかの７０カ国は当面の目標を引き上げるとした。	A further 70 nations have increased their immediate targets.
一方、パリ協定から離脱表明している米国のほか、中国やインドは新たな目標について明示せず、排出大国の動きの鈍さが際立つ形となった。	Meanwhile, the US, which has announced its withdrawal from the Paris Agreement, as well as China and India, have not set any new targets, highlighting the slowness of action on the part of major polluters.
石炭火力発電を堅持する日本への批判も根強い。	Criticism towards Japan for sticking to coal-fired power generation is also persistent.
政府の長期戦略では今世紀後半のできるだけ早期の排出ゼロを掲げるが 、 「 ５０年ゼロ」を目指す国々との隔たりは大きい。	The government's long-term strategy does set forth the intention to reach zero emissions as early as possible in the second half of the century, but this falls far short of the countries aiming to get to zero by 2050.
サミットで日本が演説する機会もなかった。	Japan also did not have the opportunity to speak at the summit.
環境関連会合で日本の取り組みを披露した小泉進次郎環境相は、気候変動問題について会見で「楽しく、クールで、セクシーに取り組むべきだ」と語った。	Environment Minister Koizumi Shinjiro, who has been presenting on Japan's efforts at a meeting on the environment, said at a news conference on climate change issues, "tackling this should be fun, cool, and sexy."
アピール力は否定しないが、少女らの訴えに比べてあまりにも貧弱だ。	One cannot deny his persuasiveness, but it somewhat pales in comparison with the words spoken by the young women.
今や環境運動の象徴的存在となったグレタさんに対する反発もやまない。	Opposition towards Greta, who has now become a symbol of environmental action, also continues.
議論にもならない中傷は、本人が反論する「論点のすり替え」にほかならないだろう。	Baseless criticism would be nothing but sidestepping the very issue Thunberg is arguing for.
温暖化対策にもはや猶予はなく、人類共通の危機に国際社会が足並みをそろえて対応しなければならない。	There can be no more delaying measures to counteract global warming, and the international community must move as one to tackle a crisis that will affect everyone on the planet.
各国の取り組みにズレがあっては十分な実効性も望めない。	If any one country is not steadfast in its commitments, sufficient results cannot be expected.
グレタさんの後ろに大勢の若者、子どもたちがいる。	There are many young people and children behind Greta.
その未来を奪わないように、行動すべきは大人だ。	Adults must act so as not to take away their future.
量子インターネット実現にまた一歩--サイエンスデイリー	Quantum internet closer to reality -- ScienceDaily
アメリカ陸軍の研究成果により、量子インターネットの実現に一歩近づいた。	A U.S. Army research result brings the quantum internet a step closer.
このようなインターネットでは従来のネットワークへの取り組みでは不可能だった軍事上の安全確保、計測や計時機能を提供できるようになるかもしれない。	Such an internet could offer the military security, sensing and timekeeping capabilities not possible with traditional networking approaches.
陸軍研究所が出資し運営している、アメリカ陸軍戦闘能力開発部の陸軍研究所分散型量子情報センターによると、インスブルック大学の研究者が物質と光間の量子エンタングルメント輸送の記録を達成した--光ファイバケーブルを用いて50キロメートルという距離だ。	The U.S. Army's Combat Capability Development's Army Research Laboratory's Center for Distributed Quantum Information, funded and managed by the lab's Army Research Office, saw researchers at the University of Innsbruck achieve a record for the transfer of quantum entanglement between matter and light -- a distance of 50 kilometers using fiber optic cables.
エンタングルメントとは量子ビットなどの量子実体間で生成される相関である。	Entanglement is a correlation that can be created between quantum entities such as qubits.
二つの量子ビットがエンタングル状態にあり、片方において測定が行われた場合、たとえもう片方の量子ビットが物理的に遠い場所にあったとしても、もう片方での測定結果に影響が出る。	When two qubits are entangled and a measurement is made on one, it will affect the outcome of a measurement made on the other, even if that second qubit is physically far away.
「この距離 [50㎞]というのは、過去実現されていたよりも二桁大きく、都市間量子ネットワークの構築を始めるにも現実的な距離です」と、ネイチャー誌量子情報で成果を発表したインスブルック大学の実験物理学者でプロジェクトの筆頭研究者であるベン・ラニョン博士は言う。	"This [50 kilometers] is two orders of magnitude further than was previously possible and is a practical distance to start building inter-city quantum networks," said Dr. Ben Lanyon, experimental physicist at University of Innsbruck and the principal investigator for the project, whose findings are published in the Nature journal Quantum Information.
都市間量子ネットワークというのは、大きな距離があいているにもかかわらずエンタングル状態にある物理的量子ビット点間のネットワークで構成されるといえる。	Intercity quantum networks would be composed of distant network nodes of physical qubits, which are, despite the large physical separation, nevertheless entangled.
このエンタングルメントの分散が、量子インターネットの成立には絶対不可欠である、と研究者は言う。	This distribution of entanglement is essential for establishing a quantum internet, researchers said.
「この証明は、大規模分散型エンタングルメントを実現する大きな一歩です」と研究を支援する陸軍プログラムの副幹事サラ・ギャンブル博士は言う。	"The demonstration is a major step forward for achieving large scale distributed entanglement," said Dr. Sara Gamble, co-manager of the Army program supporting the research.
また、ファイバーを通り抜けた出口でのエンタングルメントも、いくつかの最も難しい量子ネットワーク利用に必要な条件の数点を満たすのに十分な質を保っている。	The quality of the entanglement after traveling through fiber is also high enough at the other end to meet some of the requirements for some of the most difficult quantum networking applications.
研究チームはイオントラップに捕獲されたカルシウム原子で実験を始めた。	The research team started the experiment with a calcium atom trapped in an ion trap.
研究者はレーザー光線を使ってイオン上に量子状態を書き込み、同時に量子情報が保存された光子を放出するまで励起させた。	Using laser beams, the researchers wrote a quantum state onto the ion and simultaneously excited it to emit a photon in which quantum information is stored.
その結果、原子の量子状態と光粒子がエンタングル状態となった。	As a result, the quantum states of the atom and the light particle were entangled.
課題は、その光子を光ファイバーケーブルで送信することにある。	The challenge is to transmit the photon over fiber optic cables.
「カルシウムイオンから放出される光子の波長は854ナノメートルで、光ファイバーケーブルにすぐに吸収されてしまうんです。」とラニョン博士は語る。	"The photon emitted by the calcium ion has a wavelength of 854 nanometers and is quickly absorbed by the optical fiber," Lanyon said.
そこで博士のチームでは、まずその光粒子を、強いレーザーを照射した非線形結晶を通して送った。	His team therefore initially sent the light particle through a nonlinear crystal illuminated by a strong laser.
光子の波長は、長距離移送の最適値--現在の遠距離通信の標準波長でもある1550ナノメートル、に変換された。	The photon wavelength was converted to the optimal value for long-distance travel -- the current telecommunications standard wavelength of 1,550 nanometers.
その後この光子を長さ50キロメートルの光ファイバーケーブルを通して送った。	The researchers then sent this photon through the 50-kilometer-long optical fiber line.
計測結果では、波長を変換したうえで長距離を移動したにもかかわらず原子と光粒子はエンタングル状態を保っていた。	Their measurements show that atom and light particles were still entangled even after the wavelength conversion and the distance traveled.
「カルシウム原子を使用したのは、カルシウムは高品質の「時計」量子ビットと同時に捕獲できるため、この実験結果が、そのまま長距離間原子時計でのエンタングルしたネットワークの実現につながるからです。	"The choice to use calcium means these results also provide a direct path to realizing an entangled network of atomic clocks over a large physical distance, since calcium can be co-trapped with a high quality "clock" qubit.
大規模なエンタングル時計ネットワークは、正確な位置計測、航法、そして計時応用といった面から陸軍にとって非常に重要な分野です。」と、もう一人このプログラムを共同運営している陸軍研究者のフレデリック・ファテミ博士は語った。	Large scale entangled clock networks are of great interest to the Army for precision position, navigation, and timing applications," said Dr. Fredrik Fatemi, an Army researcher who also co-manages the program.
"嫌いな女ランキング"2位の鈴木奈々 、 " 失礼すぎるボディタッチ"などしくじりエピソードを告白（ザテレビジョン ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Suzuki Nana, 2nd place in the ranking of disliked women, talks about her various gaffes, such as extremely rude body touching (The Television) - Yahoo!News
9月30日 (月) の「しくじり先生 俺みたいになるな ! ! 」 (毎週月曜深夜0:20-0:50、テレビ朝日系) に 、 " しくじり先生"として、鈴木奈々が登壇。	On Monday, September 30th's episode of "Don't become like me, Professor Blunder!" (weekly on Mondays, 12:20am - 12:50am), Suzuki Nana will be taking the podium as Professor Blunder.
スタジオ騒然のしくじりエピソードを披露する。	During the episode she will be introducing various episodes in which her gaffes caused an uproar in the studio.
【写真を見る】スタジオ一同ドン引き？	View photos: Leaving the whole studio speechless?
鈴木奈々 、 " 失礼すぎるボディタッチ"を実演	Suzuki Nana reenacts her extremely rude body touching
また、地上波放送直後の深夜0:50からはAbemaTVの「Abemaビデオ」にて授業完全版とお笑い研究部が配信される。	Furthermore, immediately after the terrestrial broadcast ends at 12:50am, the full lesson and the comedy research lab will be made available to stream on AbemaTV's Abema Video service.
今回の放送では 、 " 全力で頑張っていたら知らない間に世間からめちゃくちゃ嫌われちゃってた先生"として鈴木が登場し授業を行う。	In this episode, Suzuki appears as a professor who is trying her hardest but at some unknown point came to be extremely disliked by the public as she gives her lesson.
2007年、18歳でギャル雑誌でモデルデビューを果たした鈴木。	Suzuki made her debut as a model in a gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
2011年にテレビ番組に初出演して以来、ハイテンションなトークやオーバーリアクションで、バラエティーをにぎやかに盛り上げ、活躍してきた。	Since her first appearance on a television show in 2011, she has flourished on variety shows, enlivening the mood with her excited conversation and overreacting.
そんな鈴木は令和元年の今年、ある週刊誌で発表された"嫌いな女ランキング"の"バラエティー・その他部門"で1位を獲得。	This year, the first year of the Reiwa era, Suzuki was awarded first place in the variety/other category of the ranking of disliked women published by a weekly magazine.
さらには、芸能界全体でも2位に選出されてしまったという。	She has also been ranked second in the entertainment industry as a whole.
その結果、母親がショックを受け、夫も職場でいじられるなど、身内にも迷惑をかけてしまったと明かす鈴木。	Suzuki revealed that her family has also been caused distress, her mother was shocked as a result, and her husband has been teased at work.
授業ではいかにして"嫌いな女ランキング"のトップを獲得するまでになったのか、タレントとしての鈴木の歩みを振り返る。	During the lesson, Suzuki looks back at how her path as a TV personality led to her attaining the accolade of being at the top of the ranking of disliked women.
鈴木の過剰なまでの全力トーク＆リアクションの背景には、ある先輩芸人の一言からであったという。	Apparently, the origin of Suzuki's sometimes over-the-top conversation and reactions was something that a senior performer told her.
さらに、リアクションにとどまらず"全力ボディタッチ"や"全力下ネタ"と、その過激さをどんどんエスカレートさせていった鈴木。	But Suzuki didn't stop at reactions, she also escalated the intensity of her over-the-top body touching and over-the-top dirty jokes.
過去に、鈴木が大物共演者に行っていたボディタッチを実演するも、その失礼さにスタジオ一同、震撼する事態に。	When Suzuki demonstrates the body touching she had done to other big-name costars in the past, the whole studio is shocked at the level of rudeness.
そして、地上波放送直後には授業完全版とお笑い研究部を配信。	Immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the lesson and the comedy research lab will be available to stream.
鈴木のギャルサー (ギャルのサークル) 時代の爆笑エピソードや現場を盛り上げるために暴露していた"夫とのプライベート秘話"も赤裸々に明かしていく。	In it, Suzuki's hilarious antics from when she was in a gal's club and secrets from alone time with her husband revealed to enliven the mood will all be laid bare.
返礼品に独自の「電子商品券」 ふるさと納税で瀬戸内市が追加：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Setouchi city adds original "digital gift certificate" to gift incentives for hometown tax donors: Sanyo News Digital, San-digi
電子商品券「ｅ街ギフト 」 。	Digital gift certificate "eMachiGift".
専用機器を接触させて決済する	Payment can be made by touching with the designated device
瀬戸内市は２７日、ふるさと納税の返礼品に独自の電子商品券「ｅ街ギフト」を加えると発表した。	On the 27th, the city of Setouchi made an announcement adding an original digital gift certificate, "eMachiGift," as a return gift to hometown tax donors.
市内の加盟店で１１月から利用できる。	It can be used at all member stores in the city starting in November.
県内の自治体で初めてという。	The city is the first local government in prefecture to do so.
ふるさと納税を行い、電子商品券を返礼品に選べば、寄付額の３割相当が指定のスマートフォンに送られる仕組み。	If donors pay hometown tax and select digital gift certificate as their return gift, the equivalent of 30% of the donation will be sent to donors' designated smartphones.
商品購入時に商品券の画面を示し、店側がスタンプ型の専用機器を接触させて決済する。	The gift certificate is displayed on the screen when a product is purchased, and the store taps a stamp-like designated device to make the payment transaction.
譲渡や転売はできない。	Transfer or resale is prohibited.
返礼品は通常、申し込みから到着まで一定の時間が必要だが、電子商品券は瞬時に受け取ることが可能。	Unlike the other gifts, which require a certain amount of time from application to delivery, digital gift certificates can be received instantly.
観光客が気軽に利用できる。	It can be easily used by tourists.
五つのふるさと納税ポータルサイトのほか、市の２特設サイトでも受け付ける。	In addition to the five hometown tax donation portal sites, the city also accepts donation at two dedicated sites.
現在の加盟店は１３店で、本年度末までに１００店を目指す。	There are 13 member stores currently and the city is aiming for 100 stores by the end of this fiscal year.
総務省は６月、自治体間の過度な競争を防ごうと、返礼品の調達額を寄付額の３０％以下とした上で地場産品に規制する新制度を設けた。	In June, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications introduced a new system, under which return gifts must be locally produced items with a value below 30% of the donated amount, in an effort to prevent excessive competition between local governments.
市は「地場産品を扱う業者などを加盟店とする予定で、ガイドラインの範囲内」としている。	"The member stores will be merchants who sell locally produced items, and will fit within the guidelines," the city said.
瀬戸内市の１８年度のふるさと納税額は約４億３千万円。	The hometown tax donations to the city of Setouchi in the fiscal year 2018 came out to be about 430 million yen.
日本勢、男子百決勝進めず 世界陸上第２日｜静岡新聞アットエス	Japanese stars fail to advance to the men's 100m final on the second day of the World Athletics Championships | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
男子１００メートル準決勝 スタートするサニブラウン・ハキーム（左 ） 。	Sani Brown Hakim (left) starting in the men's 100m semifinal.
決勝に進めなかった＝ドーハ（共同）	Not making it to the finals; Doha (Kyodo News)
男子１００メートル準決勝 ゴールする桐生祥秀（左 ） 。	Kiryu Yoshihide (left) finishing the men's 100m semifinal.
【ドーハ共同】陸上の世界選手権第２日は２８日、ドーハで行われ、男子１００メートル準決勝でサニブラウン・ハキーム（米フロリダ大）と小池祐貴（住友電工 ） 、 桐生祥秀（日本生命）はいずれも日本勢初の決勝進出はならなかった。	Doha Kyodo News: The second day of the World Athletics Championships was held in Doha on the 28th, where, running in the men's 100m semifinal, Sani Brown Hakim (University of Florida), Koike Yuki (Sumitomo Electric) and Kiryu Yoshihide (Nippon Life Insurance Company) all missed out on the opportunity to be the first Japanese athlete to advance to the final.
日本記録保持者のサニブラウンは１０秒１５で１組５着、小池は１０秒２８で２組７着、桐生は１０秒１６で３組６着にとどまった。	Sani Brown, the Japanese record holder, finished 5th in the 1st heat with a time of 10.15 seconds, Koike finished 7th in the 2nd heat with a time of 10.28 seconds, and Kiryu came in 6th in the 3rd heat with a time of 10.16 seconds.
男子４００メートル障害準決勝で３組の安部孝駿（ヤマダ電機）は４８秒９７の３着、２組の豊田将樹（法大）は５０秒３０の８着でともに決勝進出を逃した。	In the semifinal of the men's 400m hurdles, Abe Takatoshi (Yamada Denki) ran the 3rd heat and finished 3rd at a time of 48.97 seconds, while Toyoda Masayuki (Hosei University) ran the 2nd heat and finished 8th at a time of 50.30 seconds, leading to both of them missing out on a place in the final.
ハイヒールでの運転は危険！	Driving in high heels is dangerous!
若者のペダル踏み間違え事故が多発（Auto Messe Web ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Many accidents occurring when young people press the wrong pedal (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo!News
道路交通法に抵触する違反行為	Actions that violate the road traffic act
ペダルの踏み間違いなど誤操作による事故の報道が増えて注目されているが、それが高齢ドライバーだけの問題だと思うのは大きな間違いだ。	Although reports of car accidents caused by errors like pressing the wrong pedal are increasingly garnering attention, it is a big mistake to think that this is only a problem caused by elderly drivers.
年代別ペダル踏み間違い事故発生件数（2015年警察庁データ）では、もっとも多い年代が24歳以下の1080件で、75歳以上の1032件を上回る結果となっている。	Looking at the number of accidents caused by pressing the wrong pedal by age group (2015 National Police Agency data), the group with most occurrences was the under 24s at 1080, which exceeds the 1032 cases caused by over 75s.
踏み間違いは決して高齢者に多いわけではなく、若年層にも同じように注意を呼びかけることが重要だ。	It cannot be said that erroneous pedal presses are more common in older people, and so it is important to urge younger people to be careful in the same way.
足元のオシャレを取るか？	Do you choose to make your feet look good?
安全性を取るか？	Or do you choose safety?
このデータに男女比や原因の記載はないが、運転技能や反射神経など身体の衰えからくることが多いと考えられる高齢者と違い、若年層では音楽や会話などほかのことに気を取られてのうっかりミスや、服装などが原因での踏み間違いも考えられる。	Although this data does not include the gender ratio or the cause, unlike the elderly, where accidents are likely to be caused mainly by physical decline that affects driving ability and reflexes, with the younger generation it is more likely to be careless mistakes because of being distracted by music or conversation, or clothes than tend to be the cause of erroneous pedal presses.
とくに女性はハイヒール、パンプス、サンダル、ミュールと、その日の服装によって様々な靴を選び、そのまま運転してしまう人もいる。	Amongst women in particular, there are people who tend to choose footwear such as high heels, pumps, sandals and mules depending on their outfit, and drive as they are.
運転には適さないと知りながら、履き替えるのが面倒だという人もいるが、中には危険につながる可能性をまったく考えず、悪気なく運転している人も多い。	Of course there are those who are aware that they are not appropriate for driving in but find it a pain to change their shoes, but the majority drive without any bad intent but don't give any thought to the possibility that it may lead to danger.
しかし、ハイヒールやサンダルでの運転は道路交通法に抵触する。	However, driving in high heels or in sandals is actually in violation of the road traffic act.
ひとつは「ハンドル、ブレーキその他の操作を確実に操作する」こと 、 「 事故を起こし人に危害を加えるような運転をしてはならない」と定める第70条「安全運転義務違反 」 。	One such law is article 70, about safe driving obligation, which states drivers must "work the vehicle's steering wheel, brakes, and other equipment in a consistent manner," and "must drive in a manner that poses no hazard to others".
そしてもうひとつは、運転者が各都道府県公安委員会が定めた事項を遵守しなければならないと定める第71条「公安委員会遵守事項違反」で、例えば宮崎県道路交通法施行細則では第12条に「げた、スリッパ、つっかけ、ハイヒールその他運転操作を妨げるおそれのある履物を履き、又は運転操作を妨げるような方法で履物を履いて、車両（軽車両を除く。）を運転しないこと 。 」との一文がある。	Another is article 71, on rules set by the public safety commission that must be observed by drivers, which stipulates that drivers must follow the rules set out by the public safety commission of each prefecture, for instance in article 12 of the Miyazaki Prefecture road traffic act bylaws, which states, "it is forbidden to drive a vehicle (excluding light vehicles) in wooden geta sandals, slippers slip-ons, high heels or any other footwear that might impede operation of said vehicle, or wear footwear in a way that might impede operation of the vehicle."
各都道府県とも、ハイヒールと明記しないまでも「運転操作を妨げる可能性のある履物」での運転を違反とみなす趣旨は同様だ。	The same is true in all prefectures, even if high heels are not explicitly stated, driving in "footwear that may impede operation of the vehicle" is considered a violation.
では、ハイヒールでの運転がなぜ危険なのか。	So, why is driving in high heels dangerous?
それは安全にペダル操作をする上での基本を考えれば明白だ。	It is clear when you think about the basics of safe pedal operation.
安全確実なペダル操作のためには、まず足のかかとを床に固定し、ブレーキペダルに対して垂直になるよう足を置き、アクセルペダルを踏む時にはそこを支点として足先を右に傾ける。	In order to use the pedals safely, one must first place one's heel firmly on the floor, with the foot perpendicular to the brake pedal, pivoting the end of one's foot to the right when one wants to press the gas pedal.
この時に、クルマの挙動に関わらず、かかとがブレないようにしっかりと固定しておくことが重要となる。	Regardless of the behaviour of the car, it is imperative at this time that one's heel remains firm so that it does not wobble.
しかし、ハイヒールではかかとが床に接地する面積が小さく、常にグラグラとブレてしまうことと、ヒールの高さで足全体に角度が付いているために、ペダルに接地する足先の面積も小さくなってしっかりと踏み込めない、微細な調整がしにくくなること。	However, with high heels, the surface area of the part of the heel that makes contact with the floor is small, causing constant wobble, and the height of the heel means that the whole foot is at an angle, and so the surface area of the end of the foot that makes contact with the pedal is also small, making it hard to press the pedal firmly or make minute adjustments.
これが危険につながると考えられる。	This is considered to be dangerous.
また、ほとんどの車にはフロアカーペットが敷いてあるが、この素材にはハイヒールのかかとが引っかかりやすく、いざ急ブレーキといった時にヒールが引っかかってペダルが踏み込めなかったり、ヒールが引っかかった拍子にハイヒールが脱げて、ペダルの奥に挟まって踏めなくなってしまう場合もある。	Another consideration is the fact that most cars have carpeted floors and high heels can easily get caught in the material, and there have been instances where someone has needed to brake suddenly but their heel gets caught and they're not able to press the pedal firmly enough, or even slip off when it gets caught and become jammed at the back of the pedal so that it can't be pressed.
さらに、ペダルを踏み込んでから戻す際にヒールがペダルの後ろ側に引っかかり、アクセルペダルが戻らなくなった、という事例もある。	There have also been cases where the heel has got caught on the other side of the pedal after pressing down and lifting off, and so the gas pedal wasn't able to be returned to the idle position.
トヨタ、スバルを持分法適用関連会社化へ 新型AWD車や 86/BRZ 次期モデルなど共同開発を加速（レスポンス ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Toyota to make Subaru an equity method affiliate as they gear up joint development on new AWD cars and the next 86/BRZ models (Response) - Yahoo!News
トヨタ自動車とSUBARU（スバル）は9月27日、新たな業務資本提携に合意。	On September 27th, Toyota Motors and Subaru agreed to a new business and capital alliance.
トヨタはスバル株式を追加取得し、持分法適用の関連会社化する。	Toyota will acquire additional Subaru shares, while turning it into an affiliated company accounted for by the equity method.
両社は、2005年に業務提携で合意して以来、スバルによるトヨタ車両受託生産や、トヨタからスバルへの車両供給、FRスポーツカー『86 』 『 BRZ』の共同開発など、協業に取り組んできた。	Since the two companies first came to a business partnership agreement back in 2005, Subaru has undertaken production of Toyota cars under contract, whilst Toyota has supplied Subaru with vehicles, and together they have been involved in the joint development of the 86 and BRZ FR sports cars.
また、今年6月にはスバルのAWD（全輪駆動）技術とトヨタの電動化技術を活用した、EV専用プラットフォームおよびEV車両開発にも取り組むことで合意している。	Furthermore, in June of this year, the two companies agreed to embark on the development of an electric vehicle and dedicated EV platform using Subaru's all wheel drive (AWD) technology and Toyota's electric technology.
今回合意した業務資本提携では、トヨタがスバル株式を追加取得する。	In this latest business and capital alliance that they have agreed to, Toyota will acquire additional Subaru shares.
現在トヨタが保有するスバル株式は議決権比率16.83％だが、これを20％に達するまで追加取得。	As it currently stands, Toyota owns a 16.83% share in Subaru, giving them voting rights, and they will be increasing this amount to 20%.
スバルはトヨタの持分法適用の関連会社となる。	Subaru will become an equity method affiliate of Toyota.
一方スバルは、トヨタがスバル株式の取得に要した金額と同額（800億円上限）に相当するトヨタ株式を取得する。	Meanwhile, Subaru will receive Toyota shares equivalent to the amount of money Toyota would require to buy the Subaru shares (up to 80 billion yen).
両社は業務資本提携により協力関係を発展・強化。	Through this business and capital alliance, both have strengthened and grown their cooperative relationship.
AWDモデルや86/BRZ次期モデルの共同開発、スバル車へのTHS（トヨタハイブリッドシステム）の搭載拡大、コネクティッド領域での協調、自動運転分野での技術連携などを進めていく。	Together, they will develop a new AWD model as well as the next 86 and BRZ models, expand the range of Subaru cars equipped with THS (Toyota Hybrid System), cooperate in the connected domain and promote technical cooperate in the field of self-driving.
米、難民受け入れ枠最低に ３年連続、１万８千人｜静岡新聞アットエス	US to cut number of refugee admissions for third consecutive year New record low at 18,000 Shizuoka Shimbun @S
【ワシントン共同】米国務省は２６日、２０２０会計年度（１９年１０月～２０年９月）に世界各地から受け入れる難民の上限数を１万８千人に減らす方針を発表した。	[Washington, Kyodo] The number of refugees the United States will admit from the world in the fiscal year 2020 (10/2019-9/2020) will be cut to 18,000 at the most, the US state department announced on the 26th.
難民法が制定された１９８０年以降の最低数を３年連続で更新する。	This marks the lowest refugee cap for the third consecutive year since the enactment of the Refugee Act in 1980.
トランプ政権は来年の大統領選をにらみ、厳格な移民・難民政策を保守層にアピールする狙いがある。	Looking ahead to next year's presidential election, the Trump administration aims to appeal to conservatives with strict immigration/refugee policies.
各地で国を追われる人が絶えない中、人権団体などから批判が出るのは必至だ。	Amidst the never ceasing numbers of forcibly displaced people in the world, criticism by human rights organizations is inevitable.
オバマ前政権は１７年度の上限を１１万人に設定したが、１７年１月に発足したトランプ政権はこれを覆して５万人に削減。	For the fiscal year 2017, the Obama administration set a cap at 110,000, and the Trump administration subsequently cut that to 50,000, after taking office in January 2017.
１８年度は４万５千人、１９年度は３万人と年々減らし続けている。	It has reduced the refugee cap each year, setting it at 45,000 for the fiscal year 2018 and 30,000 for the fiscal year 2019.
認可外保育施設で便乗値上げか 無償化、厚労省が確認指示：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Opportunistic price hikes at unlicensed child care facilities The Free Childcare Subsidy Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare issues investigation -- Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Digital Edition
１０月から始まる幼児教育・保育の無償化を前に、国の補助金を当て込んだ便乗値上げとみられるケースが認可外保育施設で確認されたとして、厚生労働省は２８日までに、全国の都道府県や政令市に同様の事例がないか確認し、必要に応じ指導するよう文書で通達した。	With the Early Childhood Education and Childcare Fee Waiver Subsidy starting in October, cases of what appears to be the use of state subsidy funds on opportunistic price hikes have been confirmed at unlicensed child care facilities, and the Ministry has notified in writing that by the 28th all prefectures and designated cities are to confirm that there are no similar occurrences and to take measures as necessary.
厚労省によると、補助対象となる３歳児以上の利用料だけ引き上げるという施設や、１０月から値上げするといった施設が複数確認されたという。	According to the Ministry, multiple facilities have been confirmed raising enrollment fee only for children age three and older who would qualify for the subsidy, or raising prices starting in October.
内閣府が設置する無償化のコールセンターにも苦情が寄せられていた。	Complaints were also being voiced through the Cabinet Office's fee waiver subsidy call center.
厚労省は「理由のない値上げはあってはならない」としている。	The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare stated that "there should not be price increases for no reason."
「Ｄ－８」独島で第１００回全国体育大会の聖火が燃え上がった＝韓国（中央日報日本語版 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	D-8: The torch of the 100th national athletics championships is lit on the Liancourt Rocks - Korea (Central News Japanese version) - Yahoo!News
大韓民国の最東端独島（ドクト、日本名・竹島）で第１００回全国体育大会（全国体典）を知らせる聖火が燃え上がった。	The torch signalling the 100th national athletics championships was lit on the easternmost tip of the Liancourt Rocks (Dokdo, Japanese name: Takeshima).
ソウル市は２６日午前６時３０分、慶尚北道鬱陵郡（キョンサンブクト・ウルルングン）独島警備隊のヘリコプーター着陸地で全国体育大会記念聖火点火行事を行った。	On the 26th at 6:30am, Seoul held a torch-lighting ceremony for the national athletics championships on the helipad of the Liancourt Rocks Garrison in Ulleung County, North Gyeongsang Province.
独島で全国体育大会の聖火が点火されたのは２００４年忠北（チュンブク）で開かれた第８５回大会以降１５年ぶりだ。	It is 15 years since the torch of the national athletics championships was lit on the Liancourt Rocks, the last time being in Chungbuk in 2004 for the 85th championships.
平和を祈る凧上げパフォーマンスに続き、ソウル市議会のキム・ソンファン副議長が宣言文を読み上げた。	Following a kite-flying performance to pray for peace, Kim Saeng-whan, vice-chairman of the Seoul Metropolitan Council, read out a statement.
キム副議長は「全国体育大会の過去９９年を覚えて民族自決のかたい意志をたたえるために独島に立った」として「１００年前、わが民族は己未年三・一運動と大韓民国政府樹立の輝く歴史をたて、もうその歴史の上に全国体育大会１００年史を加えたい」と話した。	Vice-chairman Kim declared, "We stand here today on Dokdo to honour the strong will of people's self-determination as we remember 99 years of the national athletics championships," and continued by saying, "100 years ago saw us make glorious history as we proclaimed independence during the March 1st Movement and then established the government of the Republic of Korea, and I would like to add the 100 years of the national athletics championships to that history."
鬱陵郡首の挨拶も続いた。	This was followed by a speech from the head of Ulleung County.
キム・ビョンス鬱陵郡首は「最近、日本で何の理由もなくわが経済を厳しくして独島が自国の領土だと主張している」とし 、 「 今回の全国体育大会を通じて国民みんなが一つになってこれを克服すべきだ」と強調した。	Kim Byungs, head of Ulleung County, said, "Recently, Japan has made our economy tough for no reason and they claim that Dokdo is their own territory," adding, "We need to come together as one through these national athletics championships in order to overcome this."
引き続き、キム副議長とキム郡首がともに聖火に火をつけた。	Thereupon Vice-chairman Kim and County Head Kim lit the torch together.
聖火は聖火引き受け団長であるソウル市のチョ・ソンホ体育振興課長の手を経て初めてのランナーであるホ・ウォンソク独島警備隊長とオ・ヨセフ隊員に渡された。	The torch was passed to Jo Sung-ho, leader of the delegation and director of the sports promotion department in Seoul, who presented it to the first runners, Liancourt Rocks Garrison Commander Ho Won-seok and Officer Oh Yoseb.
今回の独島聖火点火行事は２１日に予定されていたが、台風１７号の北上でこの日に延期された。	The torch-lighting ceremony on the Liancourt Rocks was due to take place on the 21st, but was postponed as Typhoon Tapah was heading north.
今年１月から独島で勤めてきたホ・ウォンソク隊長は「寂しくて大変だが、わが領土を誰もが守ることはできないという自負心を持って働いている」として「独島で体育大会１００周年を迎えて聖火リレーのランナーとして参加することができ光栄だ」と話した。	Commander Ho Won-seok, who has been working on the Liancourt Rocks since January, said, "It's lonely and hard work, but I am working with pride because not just anyone can protect our territory," and went on to say, "I am honoured to be able to participate as a torch relay runner on Dokdo as we celebrate the 100th anniversary of the national athletics championships."
ホ隊長はヘリコプーター着陸地から独島の中腹まで、オ隊員は中間地点から船着き場まで受け継いだ。	Commander Ho carried the torch from the helipad to the centre of the island before passing it on to Officer Oh, who took it as far as the harbour.
この聖火は鬱陵島に移動して観音島連島橋で鬱陵郡民のキム・ソンホさんとキム郡首が順にリレーでソウルに移動する。	The torch was transferred to Ulleung-do, and at the bridge that connects it to Gwaneum-do, Kim Seung-ho, a citizen from Ulleung County, and Ulleung County Head Kim took part in the relay to take it to Seoul.
今回の聖火は２２日、江華島（カンファド）塹星壇（チャムソンダン）から始まった。	The torch relay began on the 22nd at Chamseongdan Altar on Ganghwa-do.
１００回目であるため、聖火リレーも歴代最大規模で行われる。	Since this marks the 100th time, the torch relay will be the biggest one ever.
摩尼山（マニサン）塹星壇の聖火は仁川（インチョン ） ・ 高陽（コヤン ） ・ 水原（スウォン）などを回ることになる。	The torch from Chamseongdan Altar on Mount Manisan will go around Incheon, Goyang and Suwon.
江華島の聖火は臨津閣（イムジンガク ） ・ 馬羅島（マラド ） ・ 独島で行われた特別点火とともに今月２９日ソウル広場で合わさった後、一つの花火として燃え上がる。	The torch from Ganghwa-do went round Imjingak, Mara-do and the Liancourt Rocks, then on the 29th of this month, when all the torches are united in Seoul Plaza, they will be let off as a single firework.
一方、朴元淳（パク・ウォンスン）ソウル市長は２５日、メディアブリーフィングを通じて「今は数人の英雄でなく集団知性の力が重要な時代」として「そのため、全国体育大会の基本コンセプトも『多くの星』に決めた」と説明した。	Meanwhile, Seoul's mayor, Park Won-soon, stated in a media briefing on the 25th that, "Now is a time when the power of collective intelligence is more important than just a few heroes," going on to explain, "That is why we decided on the concept of 'many stars' for the national athletics championships."
韓国・ブルガリア首脳会談 原発・防衛産業など協力拡大策議論（聯合ニュース ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Korea-Bulgaria summit meeting leads to talk of further cooperation on issues such as nuclear power and defence industry (Yonhap News Agency) - Yahoo!News
【ソウル聯合ニュース】韓国の文在寅（ムン・ジェイン）大統領は27日、韓国を公式訪問中のブルガリアのボリソフ首相と青瓦台（大統領府）で会談し、両国の実質的な協力拡大策を議論した。	Seoul, Yonhap News Agency: On the 27th, Korean President Moon Jae-in met with Prime Minister Borisov of Bulgaria, in Korea on an official visit, and they spoke in the Blue House (the presidential palace), during which they discussed plans to substantially increase the cooperation between the two countries.
ブルガリア首相の訪韓は今回が初めて。	This is the first time a Bulgarian prime minister has come on an official visit to Korea.
文大統領は来年の国交樹立30周年を前にした訪韓を歓迎し、ブルガリアの発展を先導するボリソフ首相のリーダーシップを高く評価した。	President Moon welcomed the PM ahead of the 30th anniversary of diplomatic relations next year, highly praising Borisov's leadership as he guides Bulgaria's development.
両首脳は世界的に保護貿易主義が拡大する中でも両国間の交易・投資が増加を続けている点を評価し、今後も経済協力が拡大するよう共に努力することで一致した。	Both leaders recognised the merits of the continued increase in trade and investment between the two countries as protectionism is expanding worldwide, and agreed to continue to work together to increase economic cooperation.
文大統領はブルガリアが韓国企業に「戦略的投資者」の地位を付与する方針を掲げたことを歓迎し、これを土台に韓国企業のブルガリアへの投資が促進されることを期待すると述べた。	President Moon welcomed the plan for Bulgaria to grant Korean companies with the status of "strategic investor", and said that he hoped that this would encourage Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
また、ブルガリアが原発の導入と国防の近代化を推進する中で韓国はブルガリアの最適なパートナーになれると強調し、ブルガリア政府の原発の発注と防衛産業の推進に際して韓国企業が参画できるよう、関心と協力を呼び掛けた。	Furthermore, as Bulgaria seeks to introduce nuclear power and modernise it national defence, Moon shared the conviction that Korea would become the perfect partner for Bulgaria, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies could take part in planning when the Bulgarian government places orders for nuclear power facilities and develops its defense industry.
このほか、両首脳は電気自動車（EV）のバッテリー・自動車部品分野と再生可能エネルギー分野で未来志向的な協力を強化することで一致した。	In other areas, the two leaders also agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the fields of car parts and batteries for electric vehicles (EVs) as well as renewable energy.
ボリソフ首相は、韓国がリードしているICT（情報通信技術）と科学技術、教育分野などでも緊密な協力が行われることを希望した。	Prime Minister Borisov expressed the hope that they could cooperate closely in ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology, education and other areas in which Korea is a leading player.
朝鮮半島の平和プロセスについても話し合われ、文大統領はこれまでブルガリアが南北・米朝首脳会談を支持する声明を発表するなど、朝鮮半島の平和定着に向けた韓国政府の努力を支持していることに謝意を表した。	They also discussed the peace process on the Korean Peninsula, and President Moon expressed his gratitude for the support Bulgaria has shown in the efforts of the Korean government to establish peace on the peninsula, such as declaring support for the North-South Korea Summit and North Korea-United States summit.
ボリソフ首相は朝鮮半島の平和体制構築に向けた文大統領の意志と韓国政府の努力を評価し、ブルガリア政府の確固たる支持の立場を改めて示した。	Prime Minister Borisov praised President Moon's determination and the efforts of the Korean government towards peace-building on the peninsula, and reiterated the Bulgarian government's commitment to support Korea.
この日の会談には成允模（ソン・ユンモ）産業通商資源部長官、李昊昇（イ・ホスン）青瓦台（大統領府）経済首席秘書官、金鉉宗（キム・ヒョンジョン）国家安保室第2次長が同席。	Also present during the discussion were Seung Yun-mo, Minister of Commerce, Industry and Resources; Yi Ho-sun, economic secretary general of the Blue House (the presidential palace); and Kim Hyun-jung, second deputy of the national security office.
訪米中の康京和（カン・ギョンファ）外交部長官の代理として、同部の趙世暎（チョ・セヨン）第1次官も出席した。	Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha was visiting the US, so Cho Se-young, a vice-minister from the foreign ministry, attended on her behalf.
兵庫・淡路島の地場産業 、 「 淡路瓦」製造の近畿セラミックスが準自己破産申請 負債約20億円（帝国データバンク ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Kinki Ceramics, makers of Awaji tiles, a local industry in Hyogo and Awajishima, has filed for semi-voluntary bankruptcy with debts around 2 billion yen (Teikoku Databank) - Yahoo!News
住宅市況の低迷、度重なる震災被害で「消費者の瓦屋根離れ」が進んだことも影響した	The slump in the housing market combined with more consumers losing interest in tiled roofs after repeated damage from earthquakes were a contributing factor
近畿セラミックス（株 ） （ TDB企業コード：530173983、資本金9920万円、兵庫県淡路市大谷881-8、代表福原幸蔵氏、従業員44名）は、8月30日に神戸地裁へ準自己破産を申請した。	Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB company code: 530173983, capital: 99.2 million yen, address: 881-8 Otani, Awaji-shi, Hyogo-ken, CEO: Fukuhara Kozo, employees: 44) filed for semi-voluntary bankruptcy at Kobe District Court on August 30th.
申請代理人は吉田大地弁護士（大阪府大阪市北区西天満1-10-8、吉田大地法律事務所、電話06-6365-6038）ほか1名。	The application was filed by attorney Yoshida Daichi (Yoshida Daichi Law Firm, 1-10-8 Nishi-Tenma, Kita-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka-fu, telephone: 06-6365-6038) and one other person.
当社は、1895年（明治28年）6月創業、1961年（昭和36年）4月に法人改組した瓦製造業者。	The company is a tile manufacturer that was founded in June 1895, and reorganised as a corporation in April 1961.
当初は、近畿窯業（株）の商号で三原郡西淡町（現・南あわじ市）にて淡路島の地場産業であるいぶし瓦メーカーとして事業をスタート。	Initially named Kinki Yogyo Co., Ltd. it started business as a manufacturer of ibushi tiles, a local industry of Awajishima, located in Seidan-cho, Mihara-gun (present-day Minami-Awaji).
86年10月に協和窯業（株）の吸収合併、近畿産業（株）の事業を承継すると同時に、現商号に変更のうえ本店を現所に移転した。	In October 1986, the company merged with Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd. and took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd., changing to its current trade name and moving its head office to the current location in the process.
その後、福山市・広島市・大分市・宮崎市などに営業拠点を開設して現在の体制となり、従前はいぶし瓦を主体としていたが、消費者ニーズの変化により現在は平板瓦などの洋瓦が70 ％ 、 いぶし瓦など和瓦30％の割合で製造していた。	Kinki Ceramics went on to open sales offices in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Oita and Miyazaki, taking on its current company structure, and while ibushi tiles were once their main product, changing customer needs meant that were manufacturing 70% western, flat tiles and only 30% of their output was Japanese tiles like ibushi tiles.
大手ハウスメーカーや建材商社、屋根工事業者など西日本中心に幅広い営業基盤を構築し、2004年12月期には年売上高約31億1600万円を計上。	The company had built a broad customer base primarily in West Japan, including major house builders, building material trading companies and roofing companies, posting annual sales of 3 billion 116 million yen in December 2004.
淡路島トップの瓦メーカーとして相応の知名度を有していた。	They had been well known as a top tile manufacturer in Awajishima.
しかし、この間リーマン・ショック以降の住宅市況低迷や、東日本大震災、熊本地震など度重なる震災被害によって消費者の瓦屋根離れが進んだことで需要が伸び悩み、2018年12月期の年売上高は約13億4500万円にダウン。	However, after this, demand slowed due to the downturn in the housing market following the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers, as well as consumers becoming less eager to have tiled roofs after repeated damage from earthquakes such as the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and the Kumamoto earthquake, and so, by December 2018, sales had fallen to 1 billion 345 million yen.
収益面では燃料価格高騰に伴う利益率の低下に加え、在庫負担や設備投資に伴う過剰な有利子負債を抱え連続赤字となり、厳しい資金繰りを余儀なくされていた。	On the profit front, not only did a sudden jump in fuel prices wipe profit margins, high interest-bearing debts associated with capital investment and inventory costs led to the company being constantly in the red, and they found themselves pretty cash-strapped.
このため、金融機関に対して借入金の返済条件緩和を要請するなどして経営再建を図っていたものの、業況に回復の兆しはなく徐々に資金繰りがひっ迫。	As a result, Kinki Ceramics had been trying to rebuild its business by requesting financial institutions to ease the terms of loan repayments, but with no sign that business conditions would recover, cash gradually became tighter and tighter.
ここに来て支えきれず事業継続を断念し、今回の措置となった。	It got to the point where the company could no longer be shored up, so they abandoned hope of continuing business and took the recent action.
負債は現在調査中だが約20億円の見込み。	The amount of debt is currently being looked into, but it is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
「観光の産業化」を進める福井県勝山市にある県立恐竜博物館（日本空撮・小型無人機ドローンで撮影）	Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture which promotes the "industrialization of tourism" (Japan Aerial Shoot -- photographed by small unmanned drone)
福井県勝山市は９月２５日、来春開業する道の駅「恐竜渓谷かつやま」の建設地に隣接する土地約２万５３００平方メートル（同市荒土町）を取得する方針を明らかにした。	Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced on September 25th that it will acquire 25,3000 square meters of land (in the City's Arado-cho) adjacent to the construction site for the roadside station "Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama" which will open next spring.
市と地元経済界が掲げる「観光の産業化」を加速するため、宿泊特化型ホテルや飲食店などの誘致を目指す。	In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" which the City and local business community advocate, they aim to attract specialized lodging hotels and restaurants.
同日の市議会誘客拠点整備特別委員会で理事者が説明した。	The director gave an explanation at the City Council Special Committee for Development of Tourist-Attracting Centers.
２０２３年春の北陸新幹線県内開業のほか、中部縦貫自動車道の県内区間全線開通、県立恐竜博物館（勝山市）の増改築と機能強化などを見据え、市は日帰り中心から滞在型観光への転換を進め、宿泊施設を軸に誘致したい考え。	In addition to the Hokuriku Shinkansen line opening in the prefecture in 2023, the City is also focusing on the opening of all sections of the Chubu Jukan Expressway within the prefecture and the expansion and functional enhancement of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City), and is hoping to advance the transition from day-trip focused tourism to overnight stay tourism and attract lodging facilities.
取得するのは、道の駅建設地東隣にある民間の遊休地。	What they have acquired is the vacant land on the East side of the construction site for the roadside station.
九頭竜川、滝波川、県道に囲まれ、道の駅（約１万２千平方メートル）の２倍以上の広さがある。	Surrounded by the Kyuzuryu River, the Takinami River, and the prefectural highway, the area is about twice the size of the roadside station (which is roughly 12,000 square meters).
産業団地整備の名目で市土地開発公社が本年度から用地交渉を進め、用地買収などを経て２１年度には土地の造成を行う。	Under the title of industrial park development the City Land Development Corporation will proceed with land negotiations this year and, after the land purchase, clearing of the plot will occur in 2021.
市によると、既に農家レストラン兼収穫体験施設やファストフード、飲食店といった民間事業者から進出の打診があるという。	According to the city they have been approached by private businesses to pursue farm restaurants with facilities for agricultural harvest experiences, fast food and other eateries.
宿泊施設については、積水ハウスが全国各地で計画している道の駅に隣接する宿泊特化型ホテルの誘致に、市として名乗りを上げていることも明らかにした。	As for lodging facilities, it has been announced that the City listed itself interested in the invitation from Sekisui House, which is planning specialized lodging hotels adjacent to roadside stations throughout the country.
積水ハウスは福井県内で３カ所に進出予定だが、ほかにも複数の市町が誘致の意思を示し、競合する可能性があるという。	Sekisui House plans to proceed at three locations within the prefecture, but multiple municipalities have expressed interest and there may be competition.
このほか市が駐車場などの整備を計画している。	In addition, the City is making a plan for the preparation of parking lots, etc.
委員からは「整備のスケジュールが遅い」とスピードアップを求める声や 「 （ 売れ残って）眠ってしまう土地がないように」とくぎを刺す意見もあった。	Committee members voiced their wish to speed up as the "preparation schedule is slow" and drove home their opinion that "it be made sure their is no (unsold) land left unused."
水上実喜夫副市長は「観光をテーマにした産業団地」と位置づけた上で「県立恐竜博物館やスキージャム勝山などを前面に出して勝山市の優位性をアピールしていきたい」とホテルなどの誘致に全力を挙げる考えを示した。	Vice Mayor Mizukami Mikio said that by positioning it as a "Tourism-themed industrial complex" he "wants to bring the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama to the forefront and promote the superiority of Katsuyama City," indicating his intent to put all efforts into attracting hotels.
秋の北信越地区高校野球福井県大会第７日は９月２８日、福井県営球場で準決勝２試合が行われる。	Two finalist games will be played on September 28th, the seventh day of the Autumn Fukui Prefectural Hokushinetsu Regional High School Baseball Tournament held at the Fukui Prefectural Baseball Stadium.
勝てば北信越大会への切符が手に入る重要なゲーム。	It is an important game from which the winner will get a ticket to the Hokushinetsu Tournament.
シード校で唯一残った敦賀気比は北陸との顔合わせ。	It will be a face off between the only remaining seeded school, Tsurugakehi, and Hokuriku.
準々決勝で福井商業との大接戦を制した敦賀は、今大会勢いに乗っている羽水と激突する。	Tsuruga won a close battle against Fukui Commercial in the quarterfinals, and will clash with Usui who has ridden momentum through this tournament.
第１試合に登場する敦賀気比はここまですべてコールドで勝ち進んでいる。	Tsurugakehi, who will appear in the first match, has advanced up until now by winning entirely called games.
１回戦の足羽戦では投打がかみ合い快勝。	The first match against Asuwa was a easy win with engaged hitting and pitching.
２回戦の武生工業戦では、今夏の甲子園で活躍した笠島尚樹が登板し５イニング無失点９奪三振とエースの貫禄を見せた。	In the second match against Takefu Technical, Kasashima Naoki, who participated in Koshien this summer, took the mound showing the presence of an ace with 5 no-run innings and 9 strikeouts.
打線は準々決勝の三国戦でも１５安打を放っており、万全の構えで北陸を迎え撃つ。	Even in the match against Mikuni in the quarterfinals the battling lineup made 15 safe hits, and they will face Hokuriku with flawless preparedness.
【チーム紹介】敦賀気比―甲子園バッテリー軸	[Team Introduction] Tsurugakehi -- Koshien battery-focused
対する北陸は試合を重ねるごとに勢いづいてきている。	Their opponent, Hokuriku, is gaining momentum with each successive match.
１回戦は藤島を相手に終盤逆転、１点差で逃げ切った。	In the first round against Fujishima there was a turn around at the end of the game and they made it through with a one-point difference.
２回戦は美方の追い上げを振り切り、同じく１点差で勝利。	In the second round they brushed off the pressure as Mitaka gained on them and won with the same one-point lead.
準々決勝では打線が爆発、シード坂井をコールドで破った。	In the quarterfinals the battling lineup was explosive and they defeated the seeded school, Sakai, in a called game.
投打がかみ合ってきており、この流れで北信越の切符を手にしたい。	They have been engaged in both hitting and pitching and in this flow they want to get the ticket to Hokushinetsu.
【チーム紹介】北陸―爆発力を秘めた打線	[Team Introduction] Hokuriku -- A batting lineup of hidden explosive power
第２試合に登場する敦賀はバッテリーを中心に守り勝つ野球で勝ち上がってきた。	Tsuruga, appearing in the second match, won playing defensive baseball centered on the battery.
１回戦の若狭戦では投手陣が踏ん張り最少失点で勝利。	In the first round against Wakasa the pitcher held out, winning with the least number of allowed runs.
２回戦の武生戦も２失点だ。	In the second round against Takefu there were 2 runs allowed.
準々決勝ではシード福井商業と１０－９の大接戦となったが、実力校を下し自信を強めたはず。	In the quarterfinals it was a close 10-9 battle against the seeded school Fukui Commercial, but defeating the high-ability school likely strengthened their confidence.
羽水戦も堅守を武器に勝利をもぎ取りたい。	They want to use defense as their weapon to wrest a victory in the match against Usui as well.
【チーム紹介】敦賀―バッテリー軸に勝機	[Team Intrduction] Tsuruga -- Chance for victory in the battery
一方の羽水は初戦、シードの福井工大福井を撃破。	Meanwhile, Usui defeated the seeded school Fukui Tech University Fukui in the first round.
勢いに乗ると金津戦では苦しい展開から４番打者の一振りで逆転勝利を収めた。	Riding the momentum, after a rough progression, one stroke of the fourth batter won a comeback victory in the match against Kanazu.
監督も「破壊力がある」と語る中軸打線は準決勝でも注目だ。	The center-lineup hitters will be a focus in the semifinals as well with the coach also remarking "they have destructive power."
【チーム紹介】羽水―破壊力ある中軸打線	[Team Introduction] Usui -- Destructive power in the center hitters
▼準々決勝（９月２８日）	Semifinals (September 28th)
敦賀気比―北陸（午前１０時）	Tsurugakehin -- Hokuriku (10AM)
敦賀―羽水（午後０時半）	Tsuruga -- Usui (12 Noon)
カヌー、日本勢が準決勝進出逃す有料記事	Canoe: Japan team loses advancement to semifinals Paid Article
テコンドー、松井隆は２位有料記事	Taekwondo: Takashi Matsui in second place Paid Article
30億円相当の暗号資産を流出したBITPoint、サービス再開へ（幻冬舎ゴールドオンライン ） - Yahoo!ニュース	BITPoint to resume service after losing crypto assets valued at 3 billion yen (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo!News
今年7月、ビットコイン（BTC）など30億円相当が不正流出した暗号資産取引所「BITPoint 」 。	In July of this year, BITPoint, a cryptocurrency exchange, suffered a breach that caused them to lose Bitcoin (BTC) and other crypto assets equivalent to 3 billion yen.
運営元である株式会社ビットポイントジャパンは、9月30日に暗号資産の送付（送金）サービスを再開することを発表した。	Managing company BITPoint Japan Co., Ltd. announced that they will resume their cryptocurrency sending (remittance) service on September 30th.
再発防止策を含め、一定の目処が立ったものと思われる。	It would appear that things are looking brighter for the company, including putting measures in place to prevent it happening again.
今年7月、ビットコインやリップルを流出したBITPoint	BITPoint lost Bitcoin and Ripple back in July
暗号資産取引所BITPointを運営する株式会社ビットポイントジャパンは、27日、暗号資産の送付（送金）サービスについて、9月30日（月）14時頃にサービスを再開する予定であることを発表した。	BITPoint Japan Co., Ltd., which operates the cryptocurrency exchange BITPoint, announced on September 27th that they plan to resume their cryptocurrency sending (remittance) service on Monday, September 30th around 2pm.
被害に遭った顧客対応や金融庁とのやり取りに加え、セキュリティ面を含めた経営管理体制など、再発防止策を含め一定の目処が立ったものと思われる。	It seems that they have undertaken certain measures to prevent it happening again, including updating their business management system as well as security, dealing with customers who suffered losses and interacting with the Financial Services Agency.
ビットポイントジャパンは 、 「 安全性を第一にしながら、可及的速やかにサービスを再開し、利用者からの信用回復に努める」としている。	BITPoint Japan stated, "We will resume the service as soon as possible, putting security foremost and working hard to restore trust from our users."
同取引所では今年7月、ビットコイン（BTC）やリップル（XRP）など30億円相当の暗号資産不正流出事件が発生。	In July of this year, the exchange suffered a security breach that lost them the equivalent of 3 billion yen in Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP).
その後の記者会見では、事業存続に関して 、 「 補償分を差し引いても約30億円の現預金残高がある 」 「 利用者保護最優先を大前提として、可及的速やかにサービス再開を目指す」などと言及していた。	Speaking at a subsequent press conference about continuation of the business, a spokesperson said, "Even after deducting compensation, we still have cash reserves of 3 billion yen," and "We are going to put the security of our users first and get back up and running as soon as possible."
※本記事は、2019年9月27日に「 CoinPost 」で公開されたものです。	*This article was first published on CoinPost on September 27th, 2019.
イスラエルが生んだ"メッシ2世" キャリア九つ目のクラブと契約（SPORT.es ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"Messi the Second" from Israel signs with the ninth club of his career (SPORT.es) - Yahoo!News
12歳でバルサに入団したガイ・アスリンは、度々見せる素晴らしいプレーとスタイルから、かつては"メッシ2世"と称されていた。	Gai Assulin joined Barça when he was twelve, and his frequent displays of style and brilliant plays earned him the nickname "Messi the Second".
時は経ち、28歳になったガイ・アスリンは彼のプロキャリアで九つ目のクラブとなる新たなチームに加入している。	Time has passed and Gai Assulin, now 28, has just joined a new team, making it the ninth club in his professional career.
才能埋もれたカンテラの真珠	Hidden talent of the pearls of cantera
アンス・ファティが周囲の注目を集めている現在、サッカー界には多くの転落があり 、 " 急ぐ必要はない"という警告に非常に効果的な手本が存在する。	As Ansu Fati is garnering attention, there are still many falls from grace in the football world, yet there is a perfect example of the old adage "there is no need to rush".
並外れた技術の持ち主であるが、成功を掴むために必要な運からは見放されていたアスリンは、ルーマニア1部リーグに所属するポリ・ヤシと2年契約を交わした。	Though extraordinarily gifted technically, Assulin was abandoned by the luck he needed to succeed, so he ended up signing a 2-year contract with the Romanian team Poli Iași, who play in Liga I.
青と白がチームカラーの同チームは現在リーグ5位につけている。	The team, whose colours are blue and white, are currently fifth in the league.
ガイ・アスリンは、2009/10シーズンの国王杯クルトゥラル・レオネサ戦に18歳と半年の若さでバルサのトップデビューを飾った。	Gai Assulin made his professional debut with Barça in the 2009/10 season when he was just 18 and a half, playing against Cultural Leonesa in the Copa del Rey.
しかしシーズン終了後にはバルサとの契約を解除し、そこからアスリンの長い旅が始まった。	However, at the end of the season, his contract with Barça was terminated, and Assulin set off on a long journey.
彼が同じチームに2シーズン以上所属することはなかった。	He never stayed with a team for more than two seasons.
マンチェスター・シティ、ブライトンとホーブ・アルビオン (シティからのレンタル) 、 ラシン・サンタンデール、エルクレス、マジョルカ、ハポエル・テルアビブ、サバデル、カイラト・アルマトイ、そして現在ポリ・ヤシがイスラエル出身の同MFにキャリアを再びスタートさせる機会を与えた新たなクラブとなった。	From Manchester City, he moved to Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), then Racing de Santander, Hércules, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell and Kairat Almaty, and now Poli Iași is the new club giving the Israeli-born midfielder the opportunity for a fresh start in his career.
ファミサポで独自に安全対策強化 実施自治体３５ ％ 、 幼保無償化で｜静岡新聞アットエス	35% of local governments independently strengthens safety measures of Family Support Center Programs As childcare scheduled to become free of charge Shizuoka Shimbun @S
「ファミリー・サポート・センター事業」の調査結果について記者会見する保育事故の遺族（右）ら＝２７日午後、大阪府庁	Press conference regarding ”Family Support Center Programs” survey results, by childcare accident victim's surviving family (right). Afternoon of 27th at Osaka Prefectural Office
子どもを一時的に預けたい保護者と、個人宅で預かる援助会員を行政がつなぐ「ファミリー・サポート・センター事業 」 （ ファミサポ）について、実施する市区町村の３５％が独自に安全対策を強化していることが２７日、民間調査で分かった。	On the 27th, a private survey said 35% of municipalities implementing "Family Support Center Programs," where the government matches parents who want to leave their children temporarily and support members who keep them at private homes, strengthened their own safety measures.
１０月から幼児教育・保育無償化の対象となるのを前に、保育事故の遺族らは「国が厳しい基準を作るべきだ」と訴えている。	Before the programs become subject to provide free, early childhood education/childcare in October, surviving families of childcare accidents have complained that the government should set strict standards.
保育中の事故で子どもを亡くした親や専門家でつくる「保育の重大事故をなくすネットワーク」が、９２１自治体を対象に調査。	"Network to Eliminate Serious Childcare Accident", a group formed by parents who lost their children at daycares and specialists, surveyed 921 local governments.
２７４自治体から回答があった。	274 local governments answered.
国の実施要綱は、援助会員に緊急救命講習の受講しか義務付けていない。	The implementation guideline released by the government only requires support members to attend an emergency first aid course.
ダルビッシュ今季を総括「今までの人生で段違いにいい 」 （ 東スポWeb ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Darvish reflects on the season: "It's on a whole other level than anything that's come before" (Tokyo Sports Web) - Yahoo!News
【ミズーリ州セントルイス２７日（日本時間２８日）発】	Published in St. Louis, Missouri on the 27th (28th local Japan time)
プレーオフ出場の可能性が消滅し、今季の登板を終えたカブスのダルビッシュ有投手（３３）が取材に応じ、現在の心境について「２日間くらい何もしていない。ただ、何も目的がない状態で野球を（ベンチから）見たりするっていうのはつまんない」と話した。	With the chance to play in the playoffs now quashed, Cubs' pitcher Darvish Yu (33) has finished pitching for this season, and he said in a recent interview regarding his current state of mind, "I've been doing nothing for the last two days or so. Just watching baseball (from the bench) without any objectives is boring."
今季は３１試合に先発し６勝８敗、防御率３・９８だったが、１７８回２／３を投げて２２９奪三振。	Darvish started in 31 games this season, with six wins, eight losses and an ERA of 3.98, with 178 2/3 innings pitched and 229 strikeouts.
特に後半戦では投球フォームが安定し、抜群の制球力と圧倒的な球威で相手打者を翻弄し続けた。	He exhibited a stable pitching form particularly in the second half of games, using superb control and overwhelming throws to make light work of batters on the opposing teams.
「今は間違いなく今までの人生で段違いにいい。まさか３３歳で、そういう感覚になるとは思っていなかった。春は『俺もこうやって終わっていくのかな』って思っていましたけど、そこから帰ってきて、もっといい位置に行けたのは自分でも信じられないという感じがします」という充実のシーズンでもあった。	"Right now, without a doubt, I'm on a whole other level compared to anything before. I didn't expect to feel that way at 33. In the spring, I thought, 'I wonder if this is how it will end for me', so I can barely believe that I was able to come and move to a better position," which just goes to show that it was also a fulfilling season.
６月上旬ぐらいから徐々に手応えをつかんできた。	It was around the beginning of June that Darvish finally began to feel the effect.
「毎日できることが増えて、一日一個できることが増えていった 」 。	"The things I was able to do increased each day, I was able to do an additional thing each day," he said.
試行錯誤はあったが、自ら立てた仮説に次々と挑戦することで格段に状態が上がり、それに伴って成績も良くなってきた。	There was a fair amount of trial and error, but by testing out hypotheses Darvish had made one after the after, he was able to significantly improve his situation, and his results improved accordingly.
「１年を通して負傷者リストに入らずに投げられた」ことも自信につながった。	He also asserts the fact that was able to "throw for the whole year without going on the injured list" was linked to him regaining confidence.
今季終了後に契約を破棄できるオプトアウトの権利を持っているダルビッシュは「これから考えないといけない。エージェント、家族とも話をしてやること」としながらも「基本的にはこのチームに関して何の不満もないし、楽しい」と言う。	Darvish, who has the right to opt out and break from his contract after this season is over, noted, "I'll have to start thinking about it. I also need to talk it over with my agent and family," though he conceded, "Basically I've got nothing against this team, and I'm enjoying myself."
最終結論こそ出していないが、気持ちは固まっている様子だ。	Although he has not reached a final conclusion, it seems his feelings are firm.
米澤蓮が1打差2位に浮上 金谷拓実は12位／アジアアマ（ゴルフダイジェスト・オンライン（GDO ） ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship: Yonezawa Ren advances to 2nd place with a 1-stroke difference, with Kanaya Takumi in 12th place (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) - Yahoo!News
渋野日向子は牛一頭もらいました	Shibuno Hinako receives a cow
単独首位から出たブレーク・ウィンドレッド（オーストラリア）が5バーディ、4ボギーの「71」でプレー。	Blake Windred (Australia) started off in the lead position and played a 71, with five birdies and four bogies.
通算10アンダーでその座を守った。	He defended his place with a total of 10 under.
1打差の2位に6バーディ1ボギーの「67」をマークした米澤蓮（東北福祉大2年）とイ・ジュンミン（韓国）の2人がつけた。	In second place with a 1-stroke difference, are Yonezawa Ren (second year at Tohoku Fukushi University) who marked 67 with 6 birdies and 1 bogie, and Lee Jun-min (Korea).
ほかの日本勢は、9位から出た桂川有人 (日大3年) が「70」でプレーし、5位に順位を上げた。	Among other Japanese players, Katsuragawa Yuto (third year at Nihon University), who started off in ninth place, played a 70, moving him up to fifth place.
大会連覇がかかるアマチュア世界ランキング1位の金谷拓実（東北福祉大3年）と、中島啓太 (日本体育大1年) は3アンダー12位。	Kanaya Takumi (third year at Tohoku Fukushi University), current number one in the amateur world rankings after successive championships, and Nakajima Keita (first year at Nippon Sport Science University) both finished 12th with a total of three under.
吉原英駿 (カリフォルニア大ロサンゼルス校) は2アンダー16位。	Yoshihara Hidetoshi (UCLA) was 16th with two under.
青島賢吾 (ウェイクフォレスト大) は9オーバー59位で辛くも予選通過した。	Aoshima Kengo (Wake Forest University) was 59th with nine over, just barely managing to qualify.
＜2日目の日本勢成績＞ 2T ／ － 9／米澤蓮 5T ／ － 5／桂川有人 12T ／ － 3／金谷拓実、中島啓太 16T ／ － 2／吉原英駿 59T／＋9／青島賢吾	Japan's results on the second day: Yonezawa Ren 2T/-9, Katsuragawa Yuto 5T/-5, Kanaya Takumi, Nakajima Keita 12T/-3, Yoshihara Hidetoshi 16T/-2, Aoshima Kengo 59/+9
＜佐賀豪雨・支援の輪＞名物麺「たろめん」 避難所で振る舞う 運営協、被災者元気づけ｜まちの話題｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	<Torrential Rains in Saga: The Circle of Support> Famous ramen "Taromen" handed out at evacuation center gives boost to operation staff and evacuees | Town Topics| Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
お風呂帰りに大町のソウルフード「たろめん」を楽しむ子どもたち＝大町町総合福祉センター美郷	Children enjoying Omachi's soul food, "Taromen," after returning from a bath -- Omachi Town Misato General Welfare Center
大町町の名物麺「たろめん」を提供している店でつくる「大町たろめん運営協議会 」 （ 鈴山謙介代表）が２５日夜、豪雨被災者の避難所になっている町総合福祉センター美郷で「たろめん」を振る舞った。	The "Taromen Management Council" (Represented by Suzuyama Kensuke) which is an affiliate of shops that serve Omachi Town's famous ramen, "Taromen," handed out "Taromen" on the night of the 25th at the Town Misato General Welfare Center which has become a evacuation site for victims of the torrential rains.
杵島炭鉱があった頃から愛されたソウルフードで、被災した人たちを元気づけた。	The soul food, beloved since the days of the Kishima Coal Mine, gave a boost to those who had been affected.
「私たちにできることは、たろめんを作って食べてもらうことしかない」と発起。	"The only thing we can do is make and serve Taromen."
たろめんがメニューにある飲食店４店が協力して９０食分を作り、おにぎりも添えて避難所に運んだ。	Four eateries that have Taromen on their menu participated by making 90 servings, which they delivered to the evacuation site along with rice balls.
ショウガの効いた牛骨スープに細麺のうどん麺を入れ、豚のかしら（頭）肉やエビ、野菜などの具材をたっぷり盛った。	Veggies, pork kashira (head), meat, shrimp and other toppings were piled on generously to udon noodles in the ginger and beef-bone soup.
避難所に身を寄せている人だけでなく、自衛隊が設けている風呂に来た人たちにも"大町の味"を提供した。	Not only those who had evacuated to the center, but also people who had come to the baths set up by the Self-defense Forces were offered a "taste of Omachi."
「若い頃からファンだが、食べたのは１年ぶり。昔を思い出す」という男性（６６）や、１年ほど前に引っ越してきて「初めて食べた。おいしい。今度は店に食べに行きたい」という２０歳と２２歳のきょうだいも。	"I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I've eaten it. I remember the past," said one man (age 66) and 20 and 22-year-old siblings who had just moved in one year ago said "This was our first time having it. It's tasty. Next time we'd like to to go to eat it at a restaurant."
調理を終えた藤瀬健一郎副代表も駆け付け 、 「 早く日常に戻れるよう、できることがあれば協力します」と元気を送っていた。	When he finished cooking, Deputy Representative Fujise Kenichiro rushed in, sending his well-wishes and saying: "If there's anything we can do to quickly get things back to normal, we'll join in."
＜胆振東部地震から１年＞停電時でも水確保 水道管直結の「散水栓」設置進む 函館のマンション：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	One year since Iburi Eastern Earthquake -- Installation of "water taps" connected directly to water pipes to ensure water access even in power outages continues in Hakodate apartments : Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Digital Edition
昨年９月の胆振東部地震に伴う全域停電（ブラックアウト）を受け、断水が発生した函館市内のマンションで対策が進んでいる。	Measures continue to be taken within Hakodate City at apartment complexes where water cut-offs occurred when the area suffered area-wide power outages (blackouts) in the wake of the Iburi Eastern Earthquake in September of last year.
市企業局上下水道部によると、地震後の１年間でマンション７棟が、停電しても水を出すことができる「散水栓」を設置した。	According to the City Enterprise Bureau Water and Sewage Department, in the one year following the earthquake seven apartment complexes have been fitted with "water taps" that can provide water even during a power outage.
停電時に断水する可能性がある「受水槽式」で給水している４階建て以上のマンションや民間共同住宅は市内に約４００棟あり、同部は対策の検討を呼び掛けている。	The bureau is calling for measures to account for the roughly 400 apartment buildings and non-government residential complexes within the city that are over 4-stories tall and access water via "water tank type" systems that could potentially suffer water cut-offs during power outages.
住宅の給水方式は大きく分けて、水をいったん地下や屋上などにある受水槽にためる「受水槽式」と、市の配水管から各戸に直接給水する「直結式」の二つある。	Water supply systems for residential buildings can be divided broadly into two types: "water tank type" which stores water in a tank either on the roof or underground, and "direct type" which connects each unit with water directly from the city water pipes.
受水槽式は、水道管が破損していなくても、受水槽から各戸に水をくみ上げる電動ポンプが停電などで動かなくなると、給水できなくなり、各戸が断水する。	With water tank type systems, if function of the electric pumps which direct water from the tank to each unit is halted due to a power outage, water cannot be accessed and a water outage occurs, even if there is no damage to water pipes.
遭難に備え訓練（青森県 ） （ 青森放送 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Search and rescue training (Aomori) (Aomori Broadcasting Corporation) - Yahoo!News
秋のキノコ採りシーズンを前に遭難した人を捜索して救助する訓練が新郷村で行われました。	Just as the autumn mushroom foraging season is about to get underway, a special search and rescue training exercise for finding people lost in the mountains was held in Shingo-mura.
新郷村の平子沢森林公園で行われた訓練には警察や消防それに猟友会などから６０人が参加しました。	Sixty people participated in the exercise at Takkozawa Forest Park in Shingo-mura, with participants ranging from the police and fire service to local hunting club members.
開会式では五戸警察署の附田署長が「緊密な連携を図り訓練に励んでほしい」と呼びかけました。	At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsukida of Gonohe Police Station called for "tight cooperation in the training exercise".
★髙橋地域課長の申告 「これより山岳訓練救助訓練を開始します」	Announcement by Regional Director Takahashi: "The mountain search and rescue training exercise begins now"
訓練はキノコ採りの下見に出かけた男性が夜になっても帰宅しないという想定で行われました。	The training was conducted on the premise that a man who gone foraging for mushrooms had not returned home by the evening.
参加した人たちは３つの班に分かれて行方不明になった男性の名前を呼びながら山の中を捜索します。	The participants divided into three search parties and searched the mountain while calling the name of the missing man.
新郷村では６月に山菜採りに山に入った７０歳代の男性が行方不明となり翌日けがをした状態で救助されています。	In Shingo-mura in June, a 70-year-old man who had gone up into the mountain to pick edible wild plants went missing and was found injured the next day.
訓練ではけがをしていた男性を発見し担架にのせて下山する捜索から救助までの連携を確認し遭難が発生しやすい秋のキノコ採りシーズンに備えていました。	During the training exercise, participants ensured that they were acquainted with the cooperation necessary to find an injured man and bring him down the mountain on a stretcher, in readiness for the autumn mushroom foraging season, when it is all too easy to get lost.
西島秀俊 、 『 任侠学園』チームでの飲み会ではへべれけに？	Nishijima Hidetoshi drunk at drinking party with the team from Ninkyo Gakuen?
チームワーク抜群の初日舞台挨拶（Movie Walker ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Fantastic teamwork displayed during the speech on opening night (Movie Walker) - Yahoo!News
今野敏の人気小説「任俠」シリーズを映画化した『任侠学園』の初日舞台挨拶が9月27日にTOHOシネマズ新宿で開催され、西島秀俊、西田敏行、伊藤淳史、中尾彬、木村ひさし監督が登壇。	The opening night speech for Ninkyo Gakuen, a big screen adaptation from Konno Bin's popular "Ninkyo" series of novels, took place on September 27th at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku, and Nishijima Hidetoshi, Nishida Toshiyuki, Ito Atsushi, Nakao Akira and director Kimura Hisashi all took to the stage.
特別ゲストとして原作の今野が駆けつけ 、 「 この映画、大好きです！(西島演じる) 日村はどのカット、どのシーンを見てもかっこいい。うらやましい限り」と完成作に大きな愛情を傾けると、出演者陣もうれしそうな笑顔を見せた。	Konno, who penned the original, was there as a special guest and he gushed, "I love this movie! Himura (played by Nishijima) is just so cool in whatever scene, whatever cut, he's in. I'm so jealous," and the cast members looked delighted to hear his enthusiasm for the film version.
【写真を見る】西島秀俊の飲み会の様子が明らかに！	View photos: Nishijima Hidetoshi's state at the drinking party revealed!
『任侠学園』初日舞台挨拶の様子	A snapshot of the opening night speech for Ninkyo Gakuen
本作は、社会貢献に目がないヤクザ、阿岐本組の組長が倒産寸前の高校の再建を引き受け、義理人情で数々の難題を解決していく痛快ストーリー。	The film is a thrilling story in which the boss of the Akimoto-gumi yakuza, a man who can't help but contribute to society, accepts the task of saving a high school on the verge of collapse, and solving the various problems with the yakuzas' unique sense of moral obligation and humanity.
強面だけどどこか憎めない組長を西田、いつも親分に振り回されてばかりの阿岐本組ナンバー2の日村を西島が演じている。	Nishida plays the strong yet likeable boss, while Nishijima plays his faithful number two, Himura, who is always being exploited by the boss.
西島は「今日までずっと緊張していた」と初日を迎えて感無量の面持ち。	Speaking about the premiere, Nishijima said, "I had been dreading this day," with a face filled with emotion.
「撮影期間だけでなく、撮影が終わってからも、このメンバーはしょっちゅう集まって、いろいろな話をしているくらい、すごく団結力のあるチームだった」と固い絆を結んだと語る。	"The whole cast was a very close-knit team, not just on set, but even after filming, we often met and talked about all kinds of things," he said of the strong bond between cast members.
伊藤も「反省会という、まったく反省をしないただの飲み会があった」と笑い 、 「 そういう時間を作れたのが、現場にとってもプラスだった。チームワークもよくなって、モチベーションも上がっていった。終わってからも定期的に続いていて、いい思い出がいっぱいあります」と貴重な時間を過ごしたことを明かしていた。	Ito chipped in, "We held review meetings, but no reviewing occurred, they were just drinking parties," and added, laughing, "But the fact that we were able to make that time ended up being of great benefit on set. Teamwork improved and motivation increased. Even after the film was a wrap, we've carried on regularly, and I have a lot of fond memories," which just goes to show what a precious time it was that they spent together.
飲み会についての話では、西島の意外な素顔も明らかとなった。	When the conversation turned to drinking parties, Nishijima let slip a surprising truth.
西島は「このメンバーで反省会をしていると、飲みすぎてしまって。半分くらい覚えていないことが多い」と告白。	He confessed that, "Whenever I reviewed with these guys, I always ended up drinking too much. There were many occasions where I only remember about half of what was going on."
西田は「へべれけになっている様子が、相手方にはわからない」と切り出し 、 「 シラフのように見えるけど、酔っていたの？実にうまい酔い方じゃないかな」と感心して、会場の笑いを誘っていた。	Nishida interjected, "Your drunkenness is not noticeable to others, you looked sober, but you're telling me you were drunk? That's a great way to be become inebriated," he said with admiration, inviting laughter from the audience.
いいチームワークを育んだ作品となり、西田は「評判がよければ、シリーズ化になるかもしれない。皆さんの力をお借りして、シリーズ化に向けて頑張りたい」と意欲を見せ、伊藤も「僕たちもシリーズ化する気満々 」 、 中尾も「映画を観て、西田が歌っていたので悔しかった。シリーズ化したら、今度は私が歌いたい 」 、 木村監督も「僕のなかではもう続編は決まっている」と語り、大きな拍手を浴びていた。	The filmed forged a great sense of team, and Nishida expressed his desire thusly, "It may become a series if it gets reviews. I'd like to enlist your help to turn it into a series," and Ito added that they'd all be keen to "make it into a series", while Nakao remarked, "When I saw the film, I was annoyed because Nishida sings. If it becomes a series, I'd like to sing next time," while director Kimura stated, "As far as I'm concerned it's already been decided that there will be a sequel," before the cast members were showered with applause.
県漁連「本格操業に向け議論開始を」 野﨑会長 海洋放出の発言にけん制も " いわき民報公式ホームページ	Prefectural Fisheries Cooperative Chairman Nozaki "opening the discussion for move towards full-scale operation," Remarks also on discouraging ocean release -- Iwaki Minpo Official Homepage
東電福島第一原発事故に伴い、福島県沖の漁業で続く試験操業について、地区等ごとに本格操業に向けた話し合いが具体化する方針となった。	Talks surrounding a move towards full-scale operations are taking shape in each region with regards to trial fishing operations off the coast of Fukushima following the Tokyo Electric Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Accident.
県漁連（漁業協同組合連合会）の組合長会が27日、中央台飯野の県水産会館で行われ、県内の組合長らが出席した中で、野﨑哲会長は「県漁連として、本格操業に向けた流れが必要と思っている。それぞれ代表を集めて、議論を開始してほしい」と語った。	With prefectural cooperative leaders in attendance, a council of the Prefectural Fisheries Cooperative (Fisheries Cooperative Association Union) was held on the 27th at the Chuodai Iino Fishery Hall and Chairman Nozaki Tetsu stated: "I think that, as the Prefectural Fisheries Cooperation, we need to move in a direction towards full-scale operation. I want to gather the respective representatives and open a discussion."
組合長会では、出荷制限指示が解除された福島県沖のカサゴ、サクラマス、ムラソイに関して、試験操業の対象魚種に正式に追加することも承認された。	At the council meeting, Fukushima's coastal marble rockfish, masu salmon and spotbelly rockfish, which have had their limited-shipment designation lifted, were approved to be officially added to the fish species viable for test-fishing operations.
残る対象外の水産物は、ビノスガイとコモンカスベの２魚種となった。	There are two remaining target marine species: venus clam and common skete.
終了後には、野﨑会長が報道陣の取材に応じ、本格操業の開始時期は未定と強調。	After the conclusion of the meeting, Chairman Nozaki met with reporters and emphasized that the period for starting full-scale operations is undecided.
福島第一原発の汚染水を浄化した後の処理水に対して 、 「 ケレン味のある議論は問題。海洋放出に反対の立場は変わらない」と述べ、原田義昭前環境相や大阪市の松井一郎市長らの発言をけん制した。	Regarding treated water that had been purified since being contaminated by the Fukushima Nuclear Disaster he stated "Pretentious debates are a problem. My position opposing draining into the ocean remains unchanged," rejecting statements made by Former Environment Minister Harada Yoshiaki and Osaka City Mayor Matsui Ichiro.
本格操業の話し合いに当たって、いわき市漁協（漁業協同組合）の江川章組合長は「下から意見を吸い上げる必要がある」と指摘し、組合員の意向を尊重するとした。	Regarding the talks about full-scale operations, head of the Iwaki City Fisheries Association (Fisheries Business Association Union), Egawa Akira pointed out that "we need to listen to opinions from below," respecting the will of the association members.
傘下支所が集まっての理事会を開催し、抱える問題を一つ一つ解決した上で、市漁協としての結論を出すという。	The City Fisheries Association says they will reach a conclusion after the affiliated branch offices come together to hold a board meeting and have resolved each issue one by one.
相馬双葉漁協の立谷寛治組合長は「漁業者に加え、仲買人とも議論する必要がある」と話す。	"We have to have this discussion not only with fishing personnel, but also with the wholesale buyers," said Soma Futaba Fisheries Association Chairman Tachiya Hiroharu.
相馬双葉漁協では国の支援を受け、来年には新造船７隻が入るため 、 「 まずは漁獲量を戻していくことが大事」とし、本格操業の話し合いと並行し、環境整備を進めていく考えを示した。	The Soma Futaba Fisheries Association received federal aid, and as seven new ships will be acquired next year, they state that "first of all it is important that we get back the amount of fish for catching", and established that along with talks for full-scale operation, they will think of environment maintenance.
運転と喫煙マナー 向上へ街頭活動 唐津たばこ販売協同組合｜まちの話題｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Karatsu Tobacco Sales Association's on-the-street action for improving driving and smoking manners | Town Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
ドライバーに安全運転を呼び掛ける組合員＝唐津市東城内の早稲田佐賀中高前	An Association member appealing to motorists to drive safely -- In front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Higashijonai, Karatsu City
「秋の交通安全県民運動」に合わせ、唐津たばこ販売協同組合は２６日、唐津市東城内の早稲田佐賀中高前の市道で、街頭活動を行った。	On the 26th, in conjunction with the "Autumn Prefectural Traffic Safety Campaign," the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative held an on-the-street campaign in front of the Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Higashijonai, Karatsu City.
組合員など約１０人が参加し、運転中のドライバーに安全運転を呼び掛けた。	Roughly 10 association members and others participated, appealing to motorists to drive safely.
参加者たちは「安全運転でお願いします」などと声を掛けながら、チラシやボールペンなどをドライバーに手渡した。	Participants handed flyers and ballpoint pens to motorists while asking drivers to "drive safely".
たばこのポイ捨て禁止を促すため、携帯灰皿も一緒に渡し、喫煙マナーの向上も訴えた。	They also called for improved smoking manners and handed out portable ashtrays as well, encouraging the prevention of littering with cigarette butts.
同組合の熊本藤生理事長（８０）は 「 （ 県内は）毎年事故が多く、最近はあおり運転も増えてきている。マナーを守って気を付けて運転してほしい」と話した。	The Association chairman, Kumamoto Fujio (age 80) said "There are many accidents every year (within the prefecture) and cases of road rage are also increasing. I want everyone to respect manners and use caution when driving."
「美と醜悪」は紙一重？	Only a thin line between beauty and ugliness?
楳図かずお作品の美少女たちに重なる「ヘビ」のイメージとは（マグミクス ） - Yahoo!ニュース	what is the image of a "snake" that overlaps with the beautiful girls in the work of Umezu Kazuo? (Magmix) - Yahoo!News
神秘的な美しさと、影を宿す表情が共通点？	Do mysterious beauty and dark, brooding expressions share something in common?
1950年代から数々の作品を世に送り出し 、 「 恐怖マンガ」の第一人者として知られる、楳図かずお先生が描いた美少女たちに焦点を当てて紹介する『楳図かずお・美少女コレクション 』 （ 玄光社）が2019年8月に発売されました。	Umezu Kazuo's Beautiful Girls Collection (Genkosha) was released in August 2019, and this book focuses on beautiful girls drawn by Umezu, who is perhaps best known as the leading author of horror manga, and has released many works into the world since the 1950s.
それを手に取り眺めていると、改めて楳図かずお作品の「美」と「恐怖」の相関関係というものに気づかされます。	Pick up a copy of this latest book, and you once again appreciate the correlation between beauty and fear in Umezu's work.
【画像 】 「 影」があるからこそ魅力的？	Images: Is it the sense of darkness that make them so fascinating?
楳図かずお作品の美少女たち（5枚）	Beautiful girls from Umezu Kazuo's work (5 images)
『美少女コレクション』の序章にも 、 「 恐怖や醜さ、物語の衝撃的な場面や展開も対極にある彼女たちの美しさがあってこそ際立つ」という一文がありましたが、美しい顔が歪み、怨念を宿した恨みの表情に変わり ... ... といったコントラストがあるからこそ、より「恐怖」が際立つのかもしれません。	There's a line in the preface to the Beautiful Girls Collection that says "The beauty of these women stands out in stark contrast to the fear and ugliness in the story's development and shocking scenes", but when a beautiful face becomes distorted, taking on an expression of hatred and malice... perhaps it is this contrast that makes the horror all the more frightening.
楳図かずお作品で多く登場するものに「蛇」というキーワードがあるのですが、ヘビは見る人によって「不気味な生き物」としてとらえられたり 、 「 美しい」と感じる人がいたりと、受け取り方もさまざまです。	Snakes are a heavily featured keyword in Umezu's works, but a snake can be perceived as a "creepy creature" or something beautiful, depending on the person viewing it, so there are various interpretations.
世には爬虫類が好きという人もいれば、どうしても苦手という人もいます。	Some people in the world like reptiles, while others simply can't stand them.
そのように、見る人の感性によって「美」と「醜悪」が表裏一体の生き物が「蛇」なのかもしれません。	In the same way, a snake is an animal where beauty and ugliness are two sides of the same coin, depending on the emotions of the viewer.
またこの生き物は古来より霊力が高い生き物として崇められており 、 「 白蛇」が住み着いた家は縁起が良いともされています。	Furthermore, these creatures have been worshipped as highly spiritual creatures since ancient times, and it is said that a house where a "white snake" has settled will have good luck.
その「蛇」を題材とした楳図作品に、1965年の「ママがこわい ！ 」シリーズの『へび少女』や『まだらの少女』があります。	Stories that take snakes as their subject are "The Snake Girl" and "Spotted Girl" from the 1965 "Mummy is Scary!" series.
だいたい「へび女」になるのは影がある美女というのが相場です。	Generally it is a beautiful woman with a dark secret that becomes a "snake woman".
イマドキな言い方をすれば「クールビュティー」タイプとでも言えばいいでしょうか ... ... それが楳図作品に登場する美少女たちの共通点のような気がします。	If you were to put in modern parlance, you might call that kind of woman a "cool beauty"... I feel that this is a common feature of the beautiful ladies that appear in Umezu's stories.
なかでも、1969年から「週刊少年サンデー」で連載された『おろち』の主役である「おろち」は、楳図作品の代表格といえる美少女キャラなのですが、永遠の命と永遠の若さを保つために百年ごとに深い眠りにつくことや、不思議な力を持つ部分などが、どこか「蛇」を連想させます。	Among them, Orochi, the main character of "Orochi", a story serialized in Weekly Shonen Sunday from 1969 onwards, is a beautiful female character who can be said to be representative of Umezu's work, but the fact that she goes into a deep sleep for 100 years at a time to maintain eternal life and eternal youth, and that she possesses other mysterious powers, somehow reminds one of a snake.
サビエル高の留学生７人が市長表敬【山陽小野田】｜宇部日報 このまちメディアWeb	Seven international students from Xavier High School pay a visit to the mayor, Sanyo-Onoda | Ube Nippo Town Media Web
サビエル高（松原秀樹校長）に留学している７人が２６日、山陽小野田市の藤田剛二市長を表敬訪問した。	On the 26th, seven international students from Xavier High School (principal: Matsubara Hideki) paid a visit to Sanyo-Onoda's mayor, Fujita Goji.
留学生たちは、滞在期間中にやりたいことなどを語り、藤田市長は有意義な学校生活を送るように励ました。	The students spoke about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to make the most of their time at the school.
文部科学省の補助事業「アジア架け橋プロジェクト」を活用して、各国の高校生（１５～１７歳）が先月来日。	The students (aged 15-17) came to Japan from various Asian countries last month, as part of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology's Asia Kakehashi Project.
中国、カンボジア、モンゴル、タイ、インドネシア、マレーシアから来た女子６人は同校の寮で生活しており、８カ月間過ごす。	Six girls came from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia, and they will spend eight months in Japan, staying in the school's dormitory.
トルコの男子は、ホームステイをしながら１０カ月間、学校生活を送る。	A Turkish boy will spend 10 months at the school while staying with a host family.
市役所を訪れた留学生たちは、１人ずつ日本語で自己紹介。	The students visiting City Hall took turns to introduce themselves in Japanese.
市の印象について「散歩をしていると、知らない人もあいさつしてくれる。静かで感じのいいまち」などと語った。	When asked about their impressions of the city, one said, "Strangers greet you as you walk past. It's a quiet and pleasant town."
また 、 「 日本にいる間に富士山を見てみたい」と話した。	Another mentioned that they'd like to see Mount Fuji while they are in Japan.
このほかに、寮生活をしている女子たちもホストファミリーとの交流の機会があり、図書館まつりにボランティアで参加するのを楽しみにしていることなども伝えた。	The girls living in the dormitory also have the opportunity to interact with host families, and one of the girls said that she is looking forward to volunteering at the library festival.
藤田市長は「積極的に、さまざまな体験・経験を積んでほしい。来月、おのだサンパークで開く市のハロウィーンイベントにも、友達やホストファミリーを誘って参加して」と呼び掛けていた。	Mayor Fujita told them, "I want you to get involved in lots of activities and experiences. You should invite your friends and host families to come to the city's Halloween event next month in Onoda Sun Park."
山本副大臣、食事ツイート削除 ヘリ墜落原因の説明前夜｜静岡新聞アットエス	Deputy Minister Yamamoto deletes Tweet about meal the night before explaining cause of helicopter crash | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
山本朋広防衛副大臣が岩田和親防衛政務官の写真と共にコメントを投稿し、削除したツイッターの画面	A screenshot of the Tweet and accompanying photo of Iwata Kazuchika, the Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defence, posted, and later deleted, by Deputy Defence Minister Yamamoto Tomohiro
山本朋広防衛副大臣は、佐賀県内の焼き鳥屋で食事をした際「美味しいなぁ～」などと書き込んだツイッターのコメントを２７日までに削除した。	As of the 27th, Deputy Defence Minister Yamamoto Tomohiro has deleted a comment he made on Twitter saying "This yakitori is delicious" after eating at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture.
山本氏は、同県神埼市で昨年２月に陸上自衛隊のＡＨ６４Ｄ戦闘ヘリコプターが墜落した事故の調査結果を地元自治体に説明するため、２６日に同県入りしていた。	Yamamoto arrived in the prefecture on the 26th in order to report to the local government the findings of an investigation into the crash of a JSDF AH64D combat helicopter that occurred in Kanzaki in February last year.
同日夜 、 「 出張で佐賀県に参りました ！ 」とツイート。	That same evening, he wrote "I've come to Saga Prefecture on a business trip tonight! " on Twitter.
食事に同席した同県選出の岩田和親防衛政務官の写真と共に「美味しいなぁ～」などとコメントを投稿した。	He also posted a comment "it's delicious", with a photo of Iwata Kazuchika, the Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defence, who is an elected official of the prefecture and was also present at the meal.
事故では住宅にいた女児がけがをし、隊員２人が死亡している。	The helicopter crash injured the girl who was in the house, and both pilots were killed.
山本氏は衆院当選４回で、比例南関東選出。	Yamamoto has been elected to the lower house four times in the Southern Kanto proportional representation elections.
【越山若水】子どもに無料か安価で食事を提供する「子ども食堂」の輪が全国に広がっている。	Koshiyama Wakasui - The circle of "Children's Diner" providing free or low-cost meals to children is growing across the nation.
ＮＰＯ法人などの調査によると、今年は全国で約３７００カ所が活動。	According to the surveys of NPOs and other organizations, this year there are roughly 3,700 active locations.
２０１８年と比べ１・６倍に急増し、福井県内にも昨年比９カ所増の２４カ所ある。	This is a sudden 1.6 times increase compared to 2018, and within Fukui prefecture there are 24 locations, an increase of nine locations from last year.
いまなぜ子ども食堂なのだろう	Why children's diner now?
▼ＮＰＯ法人の理事長で社会活動家の湯浅誠さんが、坂井市で開かれた講演会で背景や意義を語った。	Social activist and NPO chairman Yuasa Makoto spoke about the background and significance at a lecture held in Sakai City.
少子高齢化で地域が寂しくなり、商店街も衰退。	With the declining birthrate and aging of the population areas are becoming desolate and shopping streets are declining.
人々が出会う場がなくなった。	There are no places where people can meet.
そこで「人と人がふれあいにぎわう地域の交流拠点が求められていた」	So "we needed a lively spot where people could interact in the area."
▼子ども食堂といっても、お年寄りも参加する「多世代交流の場」だ。	Although they are called children's diner, they are "places of multi-generational exchange" where the elderly can participate as well.
孤食をなくすだけでなく、子育て支援や高齢者の健康づくりにつながる。	They not only eliminate the eating of meals alone, but also provide support for those raising children and promote health for the elderly.
貧困の連鎖を断ち切り、地域を元気にする。	Breaking the chain of porverty and rejuvenate the area.
重要なのは「そこからはじかれる子どもをつくらないこと」	The important thing is "to not make any child feel turned away"
▼月１回から毎日食事を提供する所までさまざま。	Variety of locations ranging from those that provide meals once a month to those that provide meals daily.
規模は数人から数百人まで、会場も個人宅から寺院まで多種多様だ。	The scale varies from a few people to a few hundred people, and the wide diversity of venues ranges from private homes to temples.
やりたい人がやれる雰囲気ができつつある。	A mood is growing that people who want to do it, can do it.
そんな敷居の低さが魅力だ。	This ease of getting started is an attractive draw.
ただ、運営費やスタッフの確保が難しい。	However, it is difficult to maintain staff and operational fees.
安全な管理体制などの課題を耳にすることもある	Raised also is the issue of safe management structure
▼とはいえ 、 「 多くの人と関わることで価値観が変わる 」 「 社会とつながることは災害などの際のセーフティーネットになる」と湯浅さん。	Nonetheless, "by interacting with many people your views on values change." "A connection with society becomes a security net in times of misfortune" Yuasa said.
閉鎖社会にともる希望の光のようだ。	Like a ray of hope in a closed society.
秋の北信越地区高校野球福井県大会最終日は９月２９日、県営球場（福井市）で決勝と３位決定戦を行う。	On September 29th, the last day of the Autumn Fukui Prefectural Hokushinetsu Regional High School Baseball Tournament, the final match and third place deciding match will take place at the Prefectural Baseball Stadium (Fukui City).
決勝は、秋の大会では４年ぶりの頂点を目指す敦賀気比と３６年ぶりの優勝を狙う敦賀が戦う。	At the finals, aiming for the top at the Autumn Tournament again after four years will be Tsurugakehi, competing against Tsuruga, who will be fighting for championship for the first time in 36 years.
シード校の敦賀気比は、１回戦から３試合連続のコールド勝ち。	From the first round Tsurugakehi, a seeded school, won in three successive called games.
北陸との準決勝では、エース笠島尚樹が要所を締めるピッチングで完投勝利を挙げた。	In the semi-final match against Hokuriku, Ace player Kasashima Naoki's pitching neatly hit the critical points and the team won a total victory.
打線は１３安打を放ち好調で、決勝も投手陣を援護したい。	The battling lineup was performing well with 13 hits, and the hope is to support the pitchers in the finals as well.
対する敦賀はノーシードから勝ち上がった。	The opponent, Tsuruga, has risen up winning from their place as a non-seeded school.
準々決勝は１点差で接戦を制し、羽水との準決勝ではスクイズで先制点を挙げるなどし３ー１で逃げ切った。	In the quarter finals they won in a close match by one point, and in the semifinals against Usui they got the first run in a squeeze bunt play and made it through with a narrow 3-1 victory.
決勝でもチャンスを確実に得点につなげていきたい。	They hope chances can be realized into points in the finals as well.
北信越大会出場残り１枠を懸けた３位決定戦は北陸ー羽水。	The last spot remaining for participating in the Hokushinetsu Tournament will be decided in the Hokuriku v. Usui game for third place.
北陸は準決勝の序盤、走塁やバントが乱れたが、３位決定戦では立て直したい。	In the opening of the semifinal match, Hokuriku's base running and bunts were disorganized, but they hope to get back on their feet in the match for third place.
一方、羽水は強豪の福井工大を破るなど今大会の注目を集めた。	Meanwhile, Usui attracted attention with their defeat of the powerful Fukui Industrial.
３位決定戦で北信越を勝ち取れるか、注目だ。	All eyes are on whether they can win for Hokushinetsu at this third-place deciding match.
■９月２９日の試合	Games for September 29th
▽県営球場 ３位決定戦 北陸―羽水（午前１０時） 決勝 敦賀気比―敦賀（午後１時 ） ＊ 時間は開始予定	Prefectural Baseball Stadium: Third-place deciding match Hokuriku v. Usui (10AM) Final match Tsurugakehi v. Tsuruga (1PM) *Times are the scheduled start times
敦賀が羽水下し21年ぶり秋北信越	Usui under Tsuruga at the Autumn Hokushinetsu for the first time in 21 years
敦賀気比が北陸を下し北信越切符	Tsurugakehi defeats Hokuriku for Hokushinetsu ticket
ラグビー日本、過去最高の８位に有料記事	Japan Rugby: record high at 8th place Paid Article
バスケ日本女子がアジア杯決勝進出有料記事	Japan Basketball: women advance to Asia Cup finals Paid Article
シャープ家電、吉本芸人がＰＲ 大阪でお笑いグランプリ｜静岡新聞アットエス	Yoshimoto comedians promote Sharp home appliances at Comedy Grand-Prix in Osaka Shizuoka Shimbun @S
「シャープＰＲ―１グランプリ」で優勝したお笑いコンビ「ひめころん」＝２７日、大阪市	Comedy duo "Himekoron" won "Sharp PR-1 Grand-prix" on 27th in Osaka
シャープの家電を最もうまく紹介できる芸人を決めるコンテスト「シャープＰＲ―１グランプリ」の決勝が２７日、大阪・難波で開かれた。	The Grand Prix final of "Sharp PR-1", a contest to determine who is the best comedian to promote Sharp's home appliances, was held on the 27th in Namba, Osaka.
シャープと吉本興業の共同開催で、７月から予選をしてきた。	Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo have jointly held preliminaries since July.
プロの話芸で商品の魅力を伝え、お笑いファンにシャープの家電を好きになってもらう作戦だ。	It is a strategy to make comedy fans fall in love with Sharp's home appliances by conveying the appeal of the products through professional, comedic dialogue.
よしもと漫才劇場での決勝。	The final was held at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
約２５０人の観客が、約２００組の中から勝ち残った４組の戦いを見守った。	Approximately 250 spectators watched the top 4 out of about 200 duos compete.
優勝した「ひめころん」は、愛媛県の量販店でシャープ製品をたびたび紹介してきた若手コンビ。	The winner "Himekoron" is a young comedy duo that has frequently promoted Sharp products at a mass retail store in Ehime prefecture.
エアコンの長所を小気味よく伝え、会場を笑いに包んだ。	They appealed the merits of AC energetically and elicited howls of laughter from the audience.
相鉄 相模大塚駅 7000系・12000系撮影会（鉄道コム ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Photo session for the 7,000 series and 12,000 series at Sotetsu Sagami-Otsuka Station (Tetsudo.Com) - Yahoo!News
相模鉄道は、相鉄・JR直通線の開業記念イベントとして 、 「 11月30日 相鉄・JR相互直通へ！7000系・12000系撮影会in相模大塚」を開催。	On November 30th, Sagami Railway will hold a special event to commemorate the opening of the line that connects the Sotetsu line with JR lines, with a photo session for the 7,000 series and 12,000 series in Sagami-Otsuka.
開催場所は、相模大塚駅構内。	The venue will be Sagami-Otsuka Station.
7000系・12000系の撮影会のほか、7000系車内公開、7000系ラストラン記念グッズの販売、同記念入場券の発売などを実施。	In addition to the photo session for the 7,000 series and 12,000 series, the interior of the 7,000 series will be opened to the public, and there will be merchandise commemorating the last run of the 7,000 series and commemorative tickets on sale.
記念グッズの販売品目（価格）は、メタルキーホルダー（700円 ） 、 缶バッジ（450円 ） 、 クリアファイル（300円）など。	The commemorative merchandise (and price) includes metal keyrings (700 yen), badges (450 yen) and clear file folders (300 yen).
販売数は、キーホルダーが500個限定、缶バッジが300個限定、クリアファイルが1,000枚限定。	Stock is limited to 500 keyrings, 300 badges and 1,000 clear file folders.
NBAコラボや「ゴアテックス」搭載モデルなど "エア フォース 1"の新作8モデルが一挙登場（WWD JAPAN.com）	Eight new Air Force 1 models, including a Gore-Tex Model and a model made in collaboration with the NBA, released (WWD JAPAN.com)
「ナイキ（NIKE ） 」 は、1982年の発売以来ブランドを代表するスニーカーとして人気を博してきた"エア フォース 1（AIR FORCE 1 ） " の新作8モデルを10月から順次発売する。	In October, Nike will be releasing eight new models of its Air Force 1 sneakers, a shoe that has gained popularity as the brand's signature shoe ever since it first went on the market in 1982.
8モデル中の3モデルはウィメンズ用で、ナイキ ウィメンズフットウェア シニアクリエイティブ・ディレクターのジョージーナ・ジェームズ（Georgina James）が「女性は多様な存在であり、他人とは違ったユニークなものを求める」と話すように、女性の視点からスニーカーをリデザインしたコレクション「ザ ワン リイマジンド 」 （ 2018年発売）での経験をもとにアップデートが加えられている。	Three of the eight models are for women, about which Nike's senior creative director of women's footwear, Georgina James says, "Women are diverse, and so they seek something unique, something different to everyone else", and just as this would suggest, she has taken the experience gained from the One Re-Imagined collection (launched in 2018) that redesigned the sneaker from a female perspective and leveraged it in this latest update.
【画像】NBAコラボや「ゴアテックス」搭載モデルなど "エア フォース 1"の新作8モデルが一挙登場	In photos: Eight new Air Force 1 models, including a Gore-Tex Model and a model made in collaboration with the NBA, released
NBAとコラボレーションした"エア フォース 1 NBA パック"は、ローカットとハイカットの2タイプで登場。	The Air Force 1 NBA Pack, made in collaboration with the NBA come in two varieties: low-cut and high-cut.
ローカットはNBAカラーのレッド、イエロー、ブラック、ネイビーを基調としたカラーリングで、ハイカットはロサンゼルス・レイカーズ（LOS ANGELES LAKERS）をはじめとした3チームのユニホームカラーで展開される。	The low-cut style comes in the NBA colours of red, yellow, black and navy, whereas the high-cut style are available in the uniform colours of three teams, including the LA Lakers.
ヒールとシュータンにNBAロゴがあしらわれているほか、アッパー後方にサテン生地が使用され、スウッシュが初めてバイカラーのデザインに。	In addition to the NBA logo featured on the heel and tongue of the shoes, satin fabric is used at the rear of the upper, and this is also the first time the Nike Swoosh has featured a bicoloured design.
価格は税込1万3200円で、10月1日に発売される。	The shoes will be released on October 1st, priced at 13,200 yen, tax included.
"エア フォース 1 スウッシュパック"は、 言葉そのままにスウッシュの文字やロゴが随所にデザインされている。	As its name suggests, the Air Force 1 Swoosh Pack design features the word "swoosh" as well as logos all over.
本来ブランドロゴがあしらわれているはずのシュータン部分も、特製の"SWOOSH"の文字に変更されているのが注目だ。	It is interesting to note that the tongue of the shoe, that would usually bear the brand logo, has also been changed to the word "SWOOSH".
影をインスピレーション源に、サイドのスウッシュをはじめ各ディティールが影のように二重になっているのが特徴の"エア フォース 1 シャドウ " 。	The Air Force 1 Shadow draws inspiration from shadows, and so every detail from the side Swoosh onwards is doubled up to evoke a shadow-like effect.
アウトソールはオリジナルよりも厚くして高さを出す一方、中心部を空洞にすることで女性にはうれしい軽量化に成功している。	The outsoles are thicker than the originals, giving the shoes more height, yet are made light by hollowing out the centre, which will surely appeal to women.
価格は税込1万3200円で、10月3日に発売される。	The shoes will be released on October 3rd, priced at 13,200 yen, tax included.
サウジアラビア石油施設をドローン攻撃した"真犯人 " （ FRIDAY ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The true culprit that attacked a Saudi oil facility by drone (FRIDAY) - Yahoo!News
「今回の爆撃で使われたイラン製ドローン『アバビール』は近年、墜落した米軍のドローンを解析することで、飛躍的に性能が向上しました。	"The Iranian Ababil drone that was used in this latest attack has been improved dramatically in recent years after a crashed US military drone was analysed.
安価に製造可能で、航続距離は約1000km。	It can be manufactured at low cost and has a cruising range of about 1,000km.
低空を飛ぶため、レーダーに捕捉されにくいのも強みです 」 （ 報道カメラマンの横田徹氏）	It also has the advantage of being difficult to detect on radar because it flies close to the ground." (Yokota Toru, press photographer)
９月14日、サウジアラビア最大の石油企業『サウジアラムコ』の石油施設が10機の軍事用ドローンによって爆撃を受けた。	On September 14th, the oil facilities of Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia's largest oil company, were bombed by ten military drones.
この直後、イエメンの反政府組織「フーシ派」が犯行声明を発表している。	Immediately afterwards, the Yemeni rebel group, the Houthi movement, issued a statement claiming that they were behind the attack.
「フーシ派の背後にいるのは、ロウハニ大統領が率いるイランだとみて間違いないでしょう。イランは、自国が原油を輸出できない状況下で、敵対するサウジアラビアが原油で儲けていることが許せない。イランに対して原油の禁輸措置を続ければ、それに応じた痛みが伴うと国際社会に知らしめることが狙いです 」 （ 国際政治アナリストの菅原出氏）	"Behind the Houthis is undoubtedly Iran, led by President Rouhani. In a situation where it is unable to export its own crude oil, Iran cannot bear to see its enemy Saudi Arabia profiting from crude oil. Iran is trying to send a message to the world that if the oil embargoes placed on it continue, it will retaliate in equal measure." (Sugawara Izuru, international political analyst)
爆撃を受けて、サウジアラビア全体の半分もの石油生産が停止し、原油価格は15％の急騰を記録した。	The bombing has cut oil production in Saudi Arabia by half, and caused oil prices to soar 15%.
このままでは、オイルショックが再来するという声もある。	Some say that if the situation continues, there will be another oil crisis.
「トランプは中東からの米軍撤退を公約に掲げている以上、少なくとも来年の選挙が終わるまでは、何としても軍事介入は避けたい。それが分かったうえで、イランはこれからもフーシ派を隠れ蓑にドローン爆撃を続けるでしょう。ただ、米国はいつまでも我慢できるわけではない。今後、トランプがイランへの攻撃を決意する可能性は十分にあります 」 （ 菅原氏）	"With Trump pledging to withdraw the US military from the Middle East, it will be best to avoid military intervention at all costs, at least until after next year's election. Knowing this, Iran will likely continue to run drone bombing raids hidden behind the Houthis. However, the US won't remain silent forever. It is very likely that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future." (Sugawara)
米国とイランの「代理戦争」は、一触即発の危機を迎えている。	The proxy war between the US and Iran is inviting an explosive situation.
超個性派YouTuberが正社員になれた理由。	The reason a super unique YouTuber became a full-time company employee.
採用した社長に聞く（bizSPA！	Asking the company president who hired them (bizSPA!
9/27 (金) 8:47配信	Published 9/27 (Friday) 8:47
若者を中心に今や絶大な人気を誇るYouTuber。	YouTubers currently boast immense popularity among young people.
企業が起用して自社製品の広告に活用する事例も今や珍しくないが、自社で正社員として採用する「YouTuber採用」という珍しい仕組みを始めた企業がある。	Cases of companies hiring them for use in advertising the company's products are not rare these days, but there is one company that has started an unusual system of "YouTuber employment" in which they employ them as full-time company employees.
企業のCRM（顧客関係管理）を主な事業とする株式会社ダイレクトマーケティングミックス（以下、DmMiX）だ。	It is Direct Marketing Mix Inc. ("DmMiX"), a company that operates mainly in CRM (customer relationship management).
"YouTuberを採用する"とは、いったいどういうことなのだろうか？	What exactly does it mean to "employ a YouTuber"?
DmMiX代表取締役であり、今回、実際にYouTuberが採用された子会社・スタッフファーストの代表も務める小林祐樹氏に話を聞いてみた。	We spoke with Kobayashi Yuki, DmMiX CEO and also representative of the subsidiary company Staff First, which actually employs YouTubers.
YouTuber採用で頑張る若者を応援したい	By employing YouTubers we want to encourage young people
― ― そもそも「YouTuber採用」とはどのような仕組みなのですか？	-- First of all, how does "YouTuber employment" work?
小林祐樹（以下、小林 ） ： 今やYouTuberという職業は、多くの若者の憧れになっています。	Kobayashi Yuki (hereafter "Kobayashi"): These days the job of "YouTuber" is the dream of many young people.
小学生が将来就きたい職業ランキングでも上位に入っており、今後も目指す若者がどんどん増えていくでしょう。	It is even in the top of elementary school students' ranking of desired future occupations, and there will be more and more aspiring young people going forward.
これまでも弊社は、バンドマンやお笑い芸人などの夢を追いかけている若者を採用し、応援してきました。	Up until now we have employed young people chasing dreams of being musicians or comedians, and supported them.
同じように、YouTuberになるという夢を追いかけている若者を採用し、応援しようというのが「YouTuber採用」です。	In the same way, we employ young people chasing their dream to be YouTubers and support them, and that is "YouTuber employment."
― ― YouTuberといえば個人が自主的に動画投稿をしていくものだというイメージがありますが、なぜ「採用」しようと考えたのですか？	-- When we say "YouTuber," the impression is of an individual who posts videos on their own, so why did you think to "employ" them?
小林：多くの若者がYouTuberという職業に憧れる一方で、ほとんどのYouTuberは思ったような収益をあげられないという現実があります。	Kobayashi: Though many young people aspire to the occupation of YouTuber, the reality is that most YouTubers can't make revenue the way they hoped.
アルバイトをしながら動画制作と投稿をしているクリエイターや、家族にYouTuberという存在を認めてもらえないクリエイターも少なくありません。	There are many creators who create and post videos while also doing part time work, and creators whose families won't recognize them as YouTubers.
今回の取り組みでは、採用したクリエイターに給料やコンテンツ制作のための環境を提供します。	With this project we provide employed creators with a salary and an environment where they can create contents.
最初はどうしても不安定な立場になってしまうYouTuberという職業のデメリットを、弊社がサポートすることで活動を応援していこうと考えています。	The cons of being a YouTuber as an occupation is that it is initially inevitably unstable, so I think that with the support of our company we can encourage their endeavors.
環境少女「安全な未来へ闘う」 世界中で抗議、２週連続｜静岡新聞アットエス	The environmental girl "fighting for a safe future" inspires protests around the world for the second consecutive week | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
２７日、カナダ東部モントリオールで抗議デモに参加したグレタ・トゥンベリさん（中央）ら（ロイター＝共同）	Greta Thunberg (centre) participating in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th (Reuters, Kyodo News)
【ニューヨーク共同】地球温暖化対策を訴えるスウェーデンの少女グレタ・トゥンベリさん（１６）は２７日、カナダ東部モントリオールで抗議デモに参加し「安全な未来のために闘い続ける」と強調した。	From New York Kyodo News: Greta Thunberg (16), the Swedish girl calling for stronger measures to combat global warming, spoke at a demonstration in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th, vowing, "We will never stop fighting for a safe future"
この日の若者らの抗議行動はアジア諸国に続き、欧州や米国など世界各地で行われた。	On this day, young people across the globe engaged in similar protests in countries in Asia, Europe, as well as America.
グレタさんの呼び掛けに呼応した大規模な抗議は２０日に続いて２週連続。	Large-scale protests occurring in response to Greta's call continue into the second consecutive week after starting on the 20th.
グレタさんは２７日、カナダのトルドー首相と面会した。	Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
普段から温暖化対策への熱心な姿勢をアピールしているトルドー氏はデモ行進にも参加。	Mr. Trudeau, who has always been keen to tackle global warming, participated in the demonstration march.
だがグレタさんは面会後、トルドー氏について「明らかに行動が足りない」と辛口だった。	However, after meeting with him, Greta spoke harshly of Trudeau, saying that there was "obviously not enough action being taken".
「韓国がＧＳＯＭＩＡに戻ることを望む」 米国務次官補代理（産経新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"I hope South Korea returns to GSOMIA" says the deputy assistant US secretary of state (Sankei Newspaper) - Yahoo!News
ナッパー米国務次官補代理（韓国・日本担当）は２７日、都内の米大使公邸で産経新聞の単独インタビューに応じ、１１月２３日に失効する日韓の軍事情報包括保護協定（ＧＳＯＭＩＡ）について「韓国が破棄決定を再考し戻ってくることを望む」と述べた。	Mark Knapper, deputy assistant secretary for Korea and Japan at the US Department of State, speaking in an individual interview with the Sankei Newspaper at the US ambassador's residence in Tokyo on the 27th said of the General Security of Military Information Agreement between Korea and Japan (GSOMIA) which is due to expire on November 23rd, "I hope that Korea reconsiders their decision to abolish the agreement and return instead."
米高官がＧＳＯＭＩＡ破棄再考に言及するのは異例。	It is unprecedented for a senior US official to refer to something like reconsidering the decision to abolish the GSOMIA.
ＧＳＯＭＩＡは日韓、日米、米韓がそれぞれ締結し、ミサイル発射情報などを共有する基盤になっている。	The GSOMIA is concluded between Japan and Korea, Japan and the US, and Korea and the US and serves as a foundation for sharing intelligence such as information on missile launches.
韓国は８月に日本との協定を破棄すると通告、失効すれば日韓で軍事情報を保護する枠組みが崩れる。	Back in August, Korea announced that it would abolish its agreement with Japan, and once it expires, the framework that assures military intelligence will be shared between the two countries will collapse.
ナッパー氏は「ＧＳＯＭＩＡなしでは危機に効果的に対応できない」と主張。	Knapper asserted that, "Without the GSOMIA, it won't be possible to respond effectively to a crisis."
「失効まで時間はある」と韓国の復帰を強く促した。	"There is still time until it expires," he said, strongly urging Korea to return to the agreement.
中露が日本海上空で７月に実施した合同飛行訓練についても「史上初めてだ」と脅威認識を示し 、 「 民主主義や人権などの価値観を共有する米韓日が同盟関係の中で共同していくことが不可欠だ」と訴えた。	The secretary also recognized the threat after China and Russia conducted a joint flight training exercise over the Sea of Japan in July, a "first in history", and appealed that, "The US, Korea and Japan share values such as democracy and human rights, and it is imperative that we operate together in an alliance."
昨今の日韓関係の悪化は「米国の国益を傷つける」と指摘。	He pointed out that the recent souring in Japan-Korea relations would "hurt the US national interest".
「仲介の意図はない」としつつ 、 「 日韓が隔たりを埋められるよう前向きに役割を果たす」と話した。	Although clarifying that he had "no intention of acting as a mediator", he hoped to "play a positive role so that Japan and Korea can bridge the gap".
（平田雄介）	(Hirata Yusuke)
東海村臨界事故、３０日で２０年 原子力施設トラブル３百件：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Tokai Nuclear Accident 30th marks 20 years, 300 cases of trouble at nuclear facilities -- Hokkaido Shimbun, Doshin Digital Edition
日本の原子力史上で初めて被ばくによる死者が出た茨城県東海村の臨界事故の翌２０００年度から１８年度までに、全国の原子力関連施設で発生した事故や故障のトラブル報告が３３６件に上ったことが２８日、原子力規制庁への取材で分かった。	The Nuclear Regulation Authority revealed on the 28th that over 336 accidents and breakdowns have been reported at nuclear power related facilities nationwide up until 2018 since 2000, the year after the Nuclear Criticality Accident in Tokai town, Ibaraki Prefecture, caused the first fatality due to exposure in the history of nuclear power in Japan.
原子力業界の安全神話に警鐘を鳴らした臨界事故から３０日で２０年。	The 30th marks the passing of 20 years since the Tokai Nuclear Accident rang an alarm over the nuclear industry's myth of safety.
報告は、深刻度を示す国際評価尺度（ＩＮＥＳ）がレベル０（安全上重要でない）や評価対象外の事案が約９割を占めたものの、同事故や１１年の東京電力福島第１原発事故の教訓を踏まえ、不断の安全意識向上が求められる。	Although in the report, 90% of the incidents were listed as either level 0 (Unimportant for safety) by severity measurements determined by the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES) or were not subject to evaluation, there needs to be a constant heightening of safety awareness, by taking into account the lessons learned from the Tokai Accident and the 2011 Tokyo Electric Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Disaster.
創作絵本のストーリーと原画を完成させ、出版に向けて寄付を募っている宗田光一さん＝９月１８日、福井県越前市内	Muneta Koichi completes story and art for original picture book, collects donations for publishing - September 18th, Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture
福井県の越前市地域おこし協力隊で芸術家の宗田光一さん（６４）が、絵本を生かしたまちづくりを進めようと、県内の伝説から発想を得た創作絵本の出版を目指してネット上で寄付を募るクラウドファンディングをスタートさせた。	Artist and member of the Echizen City Region Revitalization Cooperation Volunteers, Koichi Muneta (64) will use a picture book to encourage town development and has started an online crowd-funding campaign to collect donations with the aim of publishing the original picture book which draws inspiration from legends from within the prefecture.
北海道出身で今年４月から同協力隊として活動を始めた宗田さんは「深い信仰心に基づいた福井の人たちの慈しみの心を絵本を通して伝えたい」と張り切っている。	"The compassion of the people of Fukui is based in their deep faith and I want to convey that through the picture book" said Muneta, a Hokkaido native who started volunteering with the group in April of this year.
【寄付はこちら】福井の心を伝えるために。	Donate Here - Expressing the heart of Fukui
宗田さんは数学をモチーフにした現代美術などに取り組む芸術家として活躍する一方、還暦を過ぎてからは同協力隊としても活動。	While working as an artist focusing on contemporary art with mathematical motifs, since reaching his 60s Muneta also became active with the volunteer group.
長野、熊本、栃木のまちづくりに携わった後、今年４月に越前市に着任した。	Muneta started work with Echizen City last April after involvement in town development in Nagano, Kumamoto and Tochigi .
加古里子、いわさきちひろを輩出した同市にちなみ、絵本を生かしたまちづくりを目指している。	As the same city that produced Kako Satoshi and Iwasaki Chihiro, the city aims to utilize picture books to promote development.
市内で暮らして「初めて分かる周囲の思いやりの深さに驚いた」という宗田さん。	Living in the city "I was surprised when I first understood the depth of the compassion of those around me," Muneta said.
注目したのは、あわら市の伝説「嫁おどしの鬼の面 」 。	Muneta was drawn to the Awara City legend, "The Daughter-in-law's Demon Mask."
鬼の面が取れなくなったしゅうとめに対し、心優しい嫁は面で驚かされたことなど気にせずにしゅうとめを助けるために念仏を唱え続けるという物語。	In the story, when her mother-in-law is unable to remove a demon mask, a kind daughter-in-law is not frightened by the mask and without worrying repeats Buddhist chants to help her mother-in-law.
「憎しみを忘れ、慈しみと優しさで返す。福井の人たちの信心深さと優しさの原点を感じた 」 （ 宗田さん ） 。	"To forget hatred and give compassion and kindness in return. I felt the origins of the deep piety and kindness of the people of Fukui," Muneta said.
ヒントを得た宗田さんはオリジナル絵本に向け、着任早々にあわら市の吉崎御坊に通うなど取材を重ね、心優しい鬼の夫婦と少年が登場するストーリー「めおと鬼」を完成させた。	After gleaning this hint Muneta started collecting research for his original picture book soon after arriving including visits to Yoshizaki-Gobo temple in Awara City and has completed "The Demon Couple," a story which features a gentle demon couple and a young boy.
６月からは本職を生かして温かみのある水彩画で１０シーンを描き、絵本の素材がそろった。	Starting in June, Muneta put his professional skills to work painting ten warm watercolor scenes that will make up the material for the book.
さらに越前市内に息づく伝統工芸の越前和紙を活用し、絵本のカバーは和紙で制作する予定。	Furthermore, the cover of the picture book is projected to be made from washi paper, utilizing a living traditional craft of Echizen City, Echizen Washi.
読み聞かせなどで親子が和紙の手触りを楽しむ機会につなげていく。	This will give parents and children an opportunity to enjoy the feel of washi paper while reading together.
６００部出版に向け、寄付額の目標は８５万円。	For the publishing of 600 units, the donation goal is 850 thousand yen.
期限は１０月２５日まで。	The deadline is October 25th.
宗田さんは「歴史ある仏教文化の下、育まれてきた福井の心は全国に誇れる。	Muneta stated that "The heart of Fukui was nurtured under a history of Buddhist culture and is something to be proud of nationwide.
絵本を通じて子どもたちに脈々と受け継がれている本当の優しさ、思いやりとは何かを伝えたい」と話す。	Through the picture book I want to convey to children the meaning of the compassion and true kindness that continues to be passed down."
福井県が県内の同協力隊や事業者が挑む地域活性化の１１プロジェクトを認定し、ふるさと納税を活用して支援する事業の一つ。	Fukui Prefecture has authorized eleven region revitalization projects contended for among volunteer groups and businesses within the prefecture, and this will be one of the ventures supported through the use of the Hometown Tax.
福井新聞は情報発信、福井銀行は経営サポートで協力している。	Fukui Shimbun is providing an information outlet and Fukui Bank is assisting with management support.
クラウドファンディングサイト「レディーフォー」から寄付できる。	Donations can be made via the crowd-funding site "Readyfor."
新潟市で子どもを対象にしたラグビー教室（新潟県 ） （ TeNYテレビ新潟 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Rugby lesson aimed at children in Niigata (Niigata Prefecture) (TeNY TV Niigata) - Yahoo!News
ワールドカップ日本開催で注目を集めるラグビーに親しんでもらおうと、新潟市で２８日、子どもを対象にしたラグビー教室が開かれた。	As the Rugby World Cup in Japan draws nearer and rugby is in the limelight, a rugby lesson for children was held in Niigata on the 28th to get children familiar with the sport.
新潟市の鳥屋野運動公園球技場で２８日 、 『 初めてのラグビー教室』が開かれた。	The beginner's rugby lesson was held at Toyano Baseball Stadium, Niigata, on the 28th.
子どもたちにラグビーに親しんでもらおうと新潟市ラグビーフットボール協会が開催したイベントで、３歳から１２歳まで２８人の子どもが参加し、タックルやパスなどラグビーの基本を体験した。	The event was organised by the Niigata Rugby Football Association with the aim of getting children familiar with the sport; 28 children aged from 3 to 12 participated and got to try the basics of rugby, such as tackling and passing.
参加した男の子は「テレビでラグビーを初めてみたら楽しそうだった。力を合わせるところが楽しかった」と話した。	One boy said, "When I saw rugby on the TV for the first time, I thought it looked fun. It was fun to work together and cooperate."
『初めてのラグビー教室』は１０月１９日にも開かれる予定。	Another beginner's rugby lesson will be held on October 19th.
消費増税控え、駆け込み客次々 岡山県内の小売店、特価セールも：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Shoppers rush to buy before sales tax increase Special sales at retail stores in Okayama prefecture: Sanyo Shimbun Digital, San-Digi
増税前に大型家電の売り上げが好調なビックカメラ岡山駅前店の売り場	Bic Camera Okayama Ekimae store where sales of large home appliances are strong before the tax increase
８％から１０％へ消費税増税前の最後の週末を迎えた２８日、岡山県内の家電量販店やスーパーなどでは、駆け込み買いの家族連れらが次々に訪れた。	On the 28th, the last weekend before the sales tax increases from 8% to 10%, families crammed in last-minute shopping sprees at electronic stores and supermarkets in Okayama prefecture.
まとめ買いを狙って特設売り場を展開するホームセンターや、冬物衣料を前倒しで販売するスーツ店もあり、各店とも売り込みに力を入れている。	In efforts to increase sales, a hardware store set up a special bulk sale event and a suit store started selling winter clothing ahead of schedule.
ビックカメラ岡山駅前店（岡山市北区駅前町）では、３０日までの期間限定特価を打ち出したセールを展開。	Bic Camera Okayama Ekimae store (Ekimaecho, Kita-ku, Okayama City) has a special sale for a limited time until the 30th.
冷蔵庫を求めて来店した同市の会社員男性（３７）は「２％とはいえ、高額なものになると差は見過ごせない」と話した。	"Even if it's only 2%, you can't overlook the difference when you are buying an expensive item," said an Okayama businessman, 37, who was in the store to buy a refrigerator.
同店によると、９月に入りテレビや洗濯機、冷蔵庫など大型家電が伸び、売り上げは前年の約２倍という。	According to the store, sales of large home appliances such as TVs, washing machines and refrigerators have been booming since the beginning of September, and sales will be about twice that of the previous year.
「駆け込み需要は想像以上。後半になって高額品を求める客が目立つ 」 （ 担当者）とする。	”The rush demand is more than expected. In the second half of the month, more customers are buying big-ticket items," said a spokesperson.
「増税直前決算大処分」と銘打ったセールを実施するのは、スーツ販売のはるやま商事（同表町 ） 。	Haruyama Shoji (Omotemachi, Okayama city), a suit store, has a sale entitled, "The biggest liquidation sale before tax increase".
コートを例年より１カ月早い９月上旬から売り出しており、今月の売り上げは前年と比べ１０％増えているという。	Coats have been on sale since early September, one month earlier than usual, and sales are 10% higher compared to the same month last year.
成人式に着るスーツを購入しようと倉敷店（倉敷市白楽町）を訪れた会社員男性（１９）＝浅口市＝は「式はまだ先だが、増税前に買っておきたい 」 。	"Though the ceremony is still a long way off, I would rather buy before the tax increase," said a businessman, 19, from Asakuchi city, who was in Kurashiki store (Hakuraku-cho, Kurashiki city) to buy suit for coming of age ceremony.
今回の増税では軽減税率制度で飲食料品などの税率が据え置かれるため、ホームセンターやスーパーでは日用品や酒に絞ってアピールする。	In this tax increase, most food and drink purchases are exempt because of the reduced tax rate system, therefore hardware stores and supermarkets mainly promote on everyday items and alcohol.
ホームセンターのタイム高屋店（岡山市中区兼基）では、入り口近くに大容量洗剤やティッシュを積んだ特設コーナーを展開。	Time Takaya store (Kaneki, Naka-ku, Okayama city), a hardware store, has a special section with bulk detergent and tissue paper near the entrance.
日用消耗品の売り上げは前年同月比１・６倍の伸びで 、 「 １日に何度も補充しないと切らしてしまう 」 （ 清水誠也店長）という。	Sales of everyday items grew 1.6 times compared to the same month last year, "We restock them many times a day, otherwise they would run out," said Shimizu Seiya, the store manager.
来店した同市の公務員男性（６３）は「どうせ買うものなのでこの機会に」と、キッチンペーパーをまとめ買いしていた。	"Because it's something you buy anyway, I would rather take this opportunity to buy," said a government worker from Okayama city, 63, who was in the store buying paper towels in bulk.
天満屋ハピータウン岡南店（同市南区築港新町）も、洗剤やトイレットペーパー、紙おむつなどを積んだワゴンを催事場に設置する。	Tenmaya Happy Town Okaminami store (Chikko Shinmachi, Minami-ku, Okayama city) has carts loaded with detergent, toilet paper, and disposable diapers at the event hall.
同市の会社員男性（３５）は「キャッシュレス決済のポイント還元を受ければ負担額はほとんど変わらないので、慌てて日用品を買うこともない」と話していた。	"The expense will be nearly the same after receiving cashless payment points, so I don't have to buy everyday items in a hurry," said a businessman from Okayama city, 35.
2019年最優秀監督クロップ 最大の敵将を称える「最も優れた監督 」 （ SPORT.es ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Best Manager of the Year 2019 Klopp praises his biggest rival as the "greatest manager" (SPORT.es) - Yahoo!News
『The Best』で最優秀監督賞を受賞したユルゲン・クロップは、インタビューで彼のキャリアを振り返り、現状についてもコメントを残している。	Jürgen Klopp, who won the coveted title of Best Manager, looked back on his career in an interview and also commented on the current situation.
多くの発言の中で世間を驚かせたものは、彼にとってプレミアリーグのタイトルを争う上で最大のライバルとなるマンチェスター・シティの監督、ペップ・グアルディオラに関するものであった。	Of the many things that he said, one comment that was surprising to the public was regarding the Manchester City manager, Pep Guardiola, his biggest rival in the contest for the Premier League title.
ネイマールの親友アウベスが語る「彼の幸せはまだバルサに ... 」	Neymar's friend Alves speaks: "His happiness remains in Barcelona..."
『The Best』の授賞式の後、同ドイツ人指揮官は「これほど素晴らしいものは想像していなかった。私は非常に満足しているし、この賞を受賞できたことを誇りに思う。私にとっては素晴らしい数日間であった。私の選手達のおかげで受賞できた。最も重要なのはチームである」と主張している。	After the awards ceremony, the German manager said, "I couldn't have imagined something so great. I am very happy, and proud to have won this award. The last couple of days have been simply incredible for me. It's all down to my players that I was able to win this award. My team is the most important thing."
グアルディオラに関してクロップは 、 「 非常に彼を尊敬している」と述べて 、 「 彼について何を言うことができるかって？彼は多くのタイトルを獲得している。彼のチームがプレーするスタイルは並外れたものだよ。彼は私が対戦してきた中で最も優れた監督であり、彼と共にノミネートされ、賞を争うことができたことは一つの名誉である」と語っている。	Regarding Guardiola, Klopp divulged, "I highly respect him," continuing, "What can I say about him? He has won many titles. The style in which his team plays is extraordinary. He's the best manager I've ever played against, and it was an honour to be nominated with him and vie for the award."
また、監督ポチェッティーノとトッテナムについても言及している。	He also mentioned Pochettino and Tottenham.
「彼の昨年は信じられないほど素晴らしいものだった。多くの場合はタイトルを獲得しなければ人々の記憶に残ることはない。少しずつチームを作り上げていき、素晴らしいスタイルでプレーしていた」	"His last year was unbelievably spectacular. In many cases, you don't remain in people's memories unless you win the title. But he's been slowly building his team, and they played with great style."
クロップは2019年最高の瞬間について迷うことなく 「 (CL) バルセロナ戦での逆転だね。多くの専門家や私自身も1センチたりとも我々に賭けていなかっただろうね。メッシやスアレスを擁するチーム相手に3-0のビハインドで . . .それは死刑宣告のようなものだ。我々は小さなチャンスを手にし、それをものにすることができた。信じられなかったよ。振り返ると、この試合でCLを制したと言うことができるかもしれない。この試合はみんなの記憶に残るだろう」とコメントしている。	Asked about his best moment of 2019, Klopp answered without hesitation, "When we turned it round against Barcelona in the Champions League. Many pundits, including myself, would not have bet on us for even one centimetre. Behind three nil against a team that has Messi and Suárez...It's like a death sentence. We were afforded a small chance and managed to pull it off. I couldn't believe it. Looking back on it, I think you could say that we took command of the Champions League in that match. I'm sure that match will be remembered by everyone."
最後により個人的な質問を受けたクロップは「ブンデスリーガ優勝を祝福した時、私はとあるベンチの上で目を覚まし、自分がどこにいるのかさえわからなかった。今回はそのようなことは起きなかったよ。私は自己管理の強迫観念に悩まされた人間であるため、酔っ払うことは好きではない。CL制覇の祝福はとても控えめに行なったよ。全部覚えている。仮に私の前にみんなを並べたとしたら、バスから見た全ての人達を見分けることができるかもしれない」と締めくくっている。	Finishing off with a more personal question, Klopp answered, "When I celebrated winning the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench, and I didn't even know where I was. Nothing like that happened this time. I don't like getting drunk because I'm a man who has struggled with the obsession of self-control. The celebrations on winning the Champions League were very modest. I remember everything. For instance, if everyone was lined up in front of me right now, I might be able to discern all the people I saw from the bus."
レクサスLCとISに匠の技から最先端テクノロジーまで投入した特別仕様車が登場（WEB CARTOP ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Special editions of the Lexus LC and IS have been launched, exhibiting detailed craftsmanship and cutting-edge technology (WEB CARTOP) - Yahoo!News
風格や味わいをさらに高めた特別な1台に仕上がっている	Crafted into a special car that exudes personality and taste
レクサスはラグジュアリークーペ「LC」とスポーティセダン「IS」の特別仕様車を設定し、10月1日（火）に発売する。	Lexus will launch special edition models of its luxury coupe, LC, and sporty sedan, IS, on Tuesday, October 1st.
【写真】上質さ際立つレクサスLCのインテリア	Photo: the interior of the Lexus LC, exhibiting fine quality
特別仕様車は「CRAFTED」という思想に基づいて開発した。	The special edition models were developed on the concept of "CRAFTED".
CRAFTEDとは豊かな自然と歴史のなかで培われた日本の美意識や、言葉にせずとも求める曖昧なものを察する感性でその人に思いを巡らせ、匠の技から最先端のテクノロジーまであらゆる方法を駆使し、心を揺さぶる新しい体験を生み出していきたいという思いを具現化している。	CRAFTED is an embodiment of the desire to produce new and exciting experiences by capitalising on detailed craftsmanship and cutting-edge technology, evoking the Japanese aesthetic sense that has been cultivated in its bountiful natural and historic setting and sensitivity towards vague things that cannot be put into words.
LCの特別仕様車「PATINA Elegance」はLC500/LC500hをベースに、柔らかさと自然な風合いを生かしつつ耐久性を両立させたレクサスの最高級本革L-ANILINEシートや、柔らかい手触りのプレミアムレザーを使用した本革ステアリングを採用。	The special edition model of the LC, "PATINA Elegance", is based on the LC500/LC500h, and features Lexus's finest genuine leather L-ANILINE seat, which combines soft and natural texture and durability, plus a genuine leather steering wheel made from premium leather that is soft to the touch.
風格や味わいをさらに高めたモデルとして仕上げた。	It has been realised as a model that exudes personality and taste.
L-ANILINEは最高位の原皮だけを厳選し、長時間にわたる柔軟化の工程と独自の技術による薄い塗膜を目指したカラーコートで柔らかさを実現。	For the L-ANILINE seats, only the highest-grade hides were selected, and achieves amazing softness through a lengthy softening process and a colour coating using a proprietary technique to achieve a thing coat.
体を包み込む座り心地と走行中のフィット感を向上。	It offers superior comfort by cradling the body, offering a great fit whilst driving.
ステアリングにもプレミアムレザーを使用し、上質さを肌で感じられるようこだわっている。	Premium leather is also used for the steering wheel in a way that conveys the high quality to your fingertips.
そのほか、アルカンターラルーフやレーザーエッチングで金属加工し、L字が重なったモチーフが美しく浮かび上がるスカッフプレート、カラーヘッドアップディスプレイなども特別に装備した。	Other details, such as the Alcantara roof, laser-etched metal parts, overlapping "L" motif beautifully embossed on the scuff plates and colour HUD have all been specially installed.
内装には特別仕様車専用の鮮やかなパティーナブラウンとドアトリム、本革シート、シートベルトに配した華やかなブラウンのコンビネーションカラーを採用。	The interior combines a vivid patina brown made specially for the special edition model with vibrant browns on the door trims, genuine leather seats and seatbelts.
また、ステッチの色は明度の異なるライトブラウンとダークブラウンの2色を活用し、こだわり抜いた質感と合わせ、上質で深みのある空間を表現している。	What's more, the stitching is two-toned, employing different shades of light and dark brown, which, when combined with the carefully selected textures, lends to the creation of a fine quality space with a sense of depth.
ボディカラーは特別仕様車専用設定のテレーンカーキマイカメタリックをはじめ、ソニックチタニウム、グラファイトブラックガラスフレークの3色設定だ。	The body is available in three colours: Terrane Khaki Mica Metallic that was made especially for the special edition model, Sonic Titanium and Graphite Black Glass Flake.
Sidecarが使いたいんじゃ～	I want to use Sidecar!
Apple（アップル）によれば、10月中にも配信が開始される新OSのmacOS Catalina。	According to Apple, distribution of a new OS, macOS Catalina, will start in October.
その具体的な日取りは明かされていませんが、もしかすると10月4日に配信されるかもしれませんよ？	The exact date has not been disclosed, but perhaps it will be distributed on October 4th?
【全画像をみる】macOS Catalinaのリリース日は10月4日かも？	(See all images) Release of macOS Catalina may be on October 4th?
上の画像は、デンマークのAppleのサイトに掲載されてしまったものです（現在は修正済み ） 。	The above image was posted on the Apple website in Denmark (at present it has been revised).
画像には確かに「10月4日から（fra den 4. oktober ） 」 の文字がありますね。	The words "From October 4th (fra den 4. oktober)" are clearly in the image.
公式サイトなら、その情報の確度も高そうです。	As it is the official site, the accuracy of the information also would seem to be high.
ところで、個人的にmacOS Catalinaで一番試したい機能が「Sidecar（サイドカー ） 」 。	Incidentally, the feature of macOS Catalina that I personally want to try most is "Sidecar."
これはiPadをMacのサブディスプレイとして扱う機能で、従来はサード製アプリで実現していた機能です。	This is a feature that treats an iPad as a sub-display for your Mac, a function that previously was achieved through third-party applications.
そしてSidecarはAppleの純正機能ですから、より完成度（やレスポンス）で優れていることが期待されます。	And, since Sidecar is a genuine Apple feature, it is expected that the level of polish (and response) will be excellent.
16インチディスプレイを搭載した次期MacBook Proの噂もありますが、まずはこの次世代のmacOSを存分に体験したいものです。	There are also rumors of the next version of the MacBook Pro equipped with a 16-inch display, but first I want to fully experience this next-generation macOS.
成長過程のサクラエビ 静岡市などＰＴ、水深２９０メートル撮影｜静岡新聞アットエス	Sakura shrimp in the growing process Photographed at 290 meters deep Project with Shizuoka city Shizuoka Shimbun @S
駿河湾の深海で撮影に成功した今年生まれのサクラエビ＝１１日、静岡市清水区蒲原沖 （ 「 由比サクラエビプロジェクト」提供）	Sakura shrimp born this year successfully photographed under the deep sea of Suruga Bay, off the coast of Kambara, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka city on the 11th (Photo provided by "Yui Sakura Shrimp Project")
静岡市など産学官による海洋産業クラスター協議会の「由比サクラエビプロジェクト」がこのほど、駿河湾の水深２９０メートルの海底で、今年の春夏の産卵期に生まれたとみられるサクラエビの撮影に成功した。	"Yui Sakura Shrimp Project" from the marine industry cluster committee, an academia-industry-government collaboration between Shizuoka city and others, has recently succeeded in photographing sakura shrimp born during this spring-summer spawning season on the 290-meter-deep ocean floor in Suruga Bay.
成長過程の映像は貴重で、関係者は謎が多いサクラエビの生態解明につなげたいとしている。	The images of the growth process are valuable, and officials hope they will help elucidate the mysteries of sakura shrimp.
撮影は、同市清水区蒲原地区の約１・５キロ沖の海底付近。	The images were taken about 1.5 km off the coast of Kambara district, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka city, near ocean floor.
１７分間に延べ約３００匹を確認した。	About 300 shrimp were confirmed in a 17 minute span.
日中は深海にいるサクラエビが「海底で、ある程度の群れを形成している」という従来の知見が改めて裏付けられた。	The conventional knowledge that Sakura shrimp spend the day in the deep ocean and "form a troupe in some degree on the ocean floor" was confirmed.
成体は体長４０ミリほどで、映っていた個体は体長２３ミリ程度。	While the adult is about 40 mm, the shrimp photographed were about 23 mm long.
水揚げされたサクラエビの季節別のデータと照合し産卵期を特定した。	The spawning season was calculated by comparing the seasonal data of landed Sakura shrimp.
詳細な分析はチームを構成する富士通ソフトウェアテクノロジーズや静岡産業技術専門学校に依頼する。	The project will ask its committee members, Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka College of Industrial Science and Technology to conduct a detailed analysis.
水野恵介プロジェクトリーダーは「稚エビも含め、成長過程の個体の生きた姿をとらえたい」と話す。	"We'd like to capture the vivid image of shrimp throughout their growing stages, Including young shrimp" Mizuno Keisuke, the project manager said.
マザー牧場再開、千葉県民は無料 １０月末まで、台風で被害｜静岡新聞アットエス	Typhoon-ravished Mother Farm reopens, offering free entry to Chiba residents until end of October | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
営業を再開したマザー牧場で、来場者を迎える千葉県のマスコットキャラクター「チーバくん」＝２８日午前、千葉県富津市	Chiba Prefecture's mascot character, Chiba-kun, welcomes visitors to Mother Farm after operations have resumed, Futtsu, Chiba Prefecture on the morning of the 28th
台風１５号による停電や施設被害で９日から休業が続いていた千葉県富津市のマザー牧場が２８日、営業を再開した。	Mother Farm in Futtsu, Chiba Prefecture, resumed operations on the 28th, after being closed since the 9th due to the power outage and facility damage sustained in Typhoon Faxai.
被災地を盛り上げようと、千葉県在住者は１０月末まで入場無料となる。	In order to lift the mood in the disaster-hit area, Chiba residents can enjoy free admission until the end of October.
秋晴れの下、開園と同時に多くの人が訪れ、入り口ゲートでは、応援に駆け付けた県のマスコットキャラクター「チーバくん」が歓迎した。	A large number of visitors turned out on the crisp autumn day to visit the reopened park, where they were greeted by Chiba Prefecture's mascot character, Chiba-kun, at the entrance gate.
屋根がブルーシートに覆われ、修繕の続いている施設もあるが、飲食店の半数が再開にこぎ着けた。	Some of the facilities were still covered with blue tarpaulin as repairs continue, but half of the cafes and restaurants have now opened again.
家族で訪れた相模原市の会社員三谷健二さん（３４）は「いつ再開するか心配していた。復興につながればと思い、芋掘りのイベントを楽しみに来た」と笑顔で話した。	Mitani Kenji (34), a company employee from Sagamihara, visited with his family and said "I was worried about when it would open again. We came excited to participate in the potato-digging event, hoping that it would help the reconstruction work," with a smile on his face.
全道囲碁 ４強決定：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	All-Hokkaido Go top four decided : Hokkaido Shimbun, Doshin Digital Edition
第６９回全道囲碁選手権（北海道新聞社主催）が２８日、札幌市中央区の北海道新聞社で始まった。	The 69th All-Hokkaido Go championship (Sponsored by Hokkaido Shimbun Co.) commenced on the 28th at Hokkaido Newspaper Co. in Chuo Ward, Sapporo City.
道内アマチュアの頂点を競う大会に３０人が出場し、ベスト４が出そろった。	The best four emerged from 30 people who participated in the competition which decides the top prefectural amateurs.
準決勝に進んだのは浅野哲也さん（４８）＝札幌地区＝、田熊秀行さん（５２）＝同＝、富田拓司さん（７２）＝旭川地区＝、高薄守さん（７５）＝北見地区＝。	Those who continued on to the semifinals are Asano Tetsuya (48) from the Sapporo area, Takuma Hideyuki (52) also from the Sapporo area, Tomita Takuji (72) from the Asahikawa area, and Takasusuki Mamoru (75) from the Kitami area.
前年優勝の高薄和哉さん（４９）は準々決勝で、大会最多の８回優勝を誇る浅野さんに半目差で惜敗。	Last year's champion, Takasusuki Kazuya (49), lost by a half point in the quarterfinals to Asano, who boasts eight championships, the most ever in the tournament.
大会史上最年少で出場した篠田優也さん（８）＝札幌地区＝は、１回戦で前年準優勝の荒井一十代（かずとよ）さん（７５）＝帯広地区＝に敗れた。	The youngest participant in the tournament's history, Shinoda Yuya (8) from the Sapporo area, was defeated in the first round to last year's semi-finalist, Arai Kazutoyo (75) from the Obihiro area.
荒井さんは続く２回戦で敗退した。	Arai was then defeated in the second round.
２９日は午後１時半から全道囲碁の準決勝、決勝。	The All-Hokkaido Go semi-final and final rounds will be held from 1:30PM on the 29th.
午前１０時から第２６回全道女流囲碁選手権が行われる。	The 26th All-Hokkaido Womens' Go Championship will be held starting at 10AM.
会場はいずれも北海道新聞社（大通西３ ） 。	The venue for both is Hokkaido Shimbun Co. (Odori Nishi 3)
（中村康利）	(Nakamura Yasutoshi)
【バド五輪レース前半戦】世界王者・桃田賢斗、好調の周天成が一歩リード！	[First half of the Olympic badminton race] World champion Momota Kento and Chou Tien-chen in good shape with a one step lead!
＜男子シングルス＞（バド×スピ！	<Men's Singles> (Bado x Supi!
8月に開催されたバドミントンのビッグイベント、第25回世界選手権（スイス・バーゼル）で6個のメダルを獲得した日本代表は、9月上旬の強化合宿を終え、17日から開幕する中国OP（常州／Super1000）に参戦する。	The Japanese representative won six medals at the 25th World Championships (Switzerland, Basel), the big event for badminton that took place in August, and after completing a training camp in the start of September they will participate in the China OP (Changzhou / Super 1000) which begins on the 17th.
ここでは、来年の東京五輪出場をかけた五輪レースが始まった5月から8月までの前半戦を振り返りながら、中盤戦（9月～12月）に向けて男子シングルスを展望していく（文／バドミントン・マガジン編集部 ） 。	Here, while looking back at May to August which started the first half of the Olympic race for a spot in the Tokyo Olympics, we look forward to the men's' singles in the upcoming mid-way games (September through December). (Text/Badminton Magazine editorial department)
5月から始まったバドミントンの五輪レースは、世界選手権を終えた時点でトップ選手が出場する上位大会（Super500以上）4大会を消化した。	The Olympic race for badminton started in May, and with the end of the World Championship, four of the high-level tournaments for top athletes (Super 500 and above) have been completed.
前半戦で好調をキープしたのは、4大会中2優勝を飾った桃田賢斗と、台湾の周天成（チョウ・ティエンチェン）の2人だろう。	In the first half, the two athletes who were able to stay in promising condition were Momota Kento, who won 2 of the 4 tournaments, and Chou Tien-chen from Taiwan.
桃田は世界選手権、周天成はインドネシアOP（S1000）と、五輪レースに直結する「世界ランキングポイント」の高ポイントが獲得できる大会で優勝。	Momota won the World Championship, and Chou Tien-chen the Indonesia OP (S1000), both tournaments where athletes can earn a high number of "World Ranking Points" which are directly connected to the Olympic race.
桃田はそのほかにジャパンOP（S750）も制している。	Besides that, Momota is also won the Japan OP (S750).
5月から参戦している大会は団体戦のスディルマン杯（5月／中国 ） 、 インドネシアOP（7月／結果は16強 ） 、 ジャパンOP（7月 ） 、 世界選手権（8月）の4大会。	The four tournaments he has been participating in since May are the Sudirman Cup team games (May, China), the Indonesia OP (July, resulting in the best 16), the Japan OP (July), and the World Championship (August).
ほかのトップ選手に比べると数は少ないものの、そのぶん体への負担を抑えたスケジュールとなっている。	Though this number is small compared to other top athletes, it is a schedule that puts less strain on his body.
8月は世界選手権の1大会のみだっただけに、連戦時よりも疲労は大きくないだろう。	In August, it was just the single World Championship tournament, so compared to consecutive tournaments surely the fatigue was not so large.
9月以降の上位大会が連続する中盤戦での好結果が求められる。	Good results are expected at the mid-way games which are the series of consecutive top-level tournaments held after September.
連戦に強い台湾のエース。	Ace of Taiwan, strong in consecutive matches.
タイの若手にも注目！	Also look out for the young Thai!
同じくインドネシアOPとタイOP（S500）の上位大会で優勝を果たした周天成は、すでに7大会に出場。	Chou Tien-chen who similarly won at the top-level tournaments Indonesia OP and Thai OP (S500), has already appeared in 7 tournaments.
9月頭の地元台北OP（S300）にも参戦し、見事優勝を果たした。	He took a magnificent win in his homeland at the Taipei OP (S300) at the start of September.
もともとフィジカルが強い上に、連戦を苦にしない選手。	Already strong physically, he is also an athlete that does not struggle with consecutive matches.
大会が続いても、試合のパフォーマンスに大きな問題はない。	Even with consecutive tournaments, there is no problem in his performance in the matches.
むしろ、前半戦で高ポイントを獲得できたことによって、今後に出場する大会のスケジュールの調整もしやすくなっただろう。	Conversely, since he was able to gain high points in the games of the first half his schedule likely becomes more flexible.
周天成は昨年までは爆発力に欠ける印象だったが、今年に入ってプレー面での安定感が増したことで、しっかり好成績を継続できるようになった。	Until last year Chou Tien-chen gave an impression of lacking in explosive power, but since this year there has been an increased sense of stability in his plays and he has been able to maintain solid good performance.
世界ランキング1位の桃田にとっては、これまで以上にやっかいな相手となりそうだ。	For the first place world ranking holder Momota, this will be a trickier opponent than those up until now.
この2選手以外に前半戦で結果を残したのが、タイの若手エース・カンタフォンとインドのサイ・プラニース・B . 。	Other athletes besides these two that showed results in the first-half games were the young Thai ace, Kantaphon, and India's B. Sai Praneeth.
そして欧州勢として孤軍奮闘しているアンダース・アントンセンの3選手だ。	And Anders Andersen, fighting alone as the sole European athlete, making three athletes.
カンタフォンは上位大会で決勝進出こそないものの、今季2大会でベスト4に入るなど、上位に勝ち進む力をつけている。	Although Kantaphon will not advance in the top-level tournament, he has been in the top four in two tournaments this season, and has the power to win against the top ranking players and advance.
まだまだ荒削りな一面もあるが、トップ選手と対等にラリーができるようになった20歳（18日に21歳）は、五輪レースの中で飛躍する可能性を大いに秘めている存在といえそうだ。	He still has some rough spots, but the twenty year-old (will turn twenty-one on the 18th) who has grown able to rally equally with top athletes could be said to be a force hiding a large potential to jump into the Olympic race.
また、サイ・プラニース・B.は、シングルスに好選手を揃えるインドの中で一歩抜け出した。	Also, B. Sai Praneeth has stepped out of India, which has many strong singles players.
サミール・バラマ、プラノイ・H.S . 、 そしてケガで遅れをとっているスリカンス・キダムビも今後追い上げてくるだけに、中盤戦以降のインド勢には注意が必要だ。	Sameer Verma, Prannoy H.S., and Srikanth Kidambi who is lagging due to an injury, are likely to catch up, and we should turn our attention to the Indian athletes in from mid-games forward.
携帯の新料金 公正な競争で値下げを：北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	New fees for mobile phones: lowering rates in fair competition -- Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Digital Edition
１０月の改正電気通信事業法施行に伴う携帯電話会社の新料金プランが出そろった。	Mobile phone companies have released new rate plans coinciding with the enforcement of the Telecommunications Business Law revised this October.
しかし、おおむね高止まりとなった。	However, they generally remained high.
菅義偉官房長官が昨夏「４割程度下げる余地がある」と発言し、値下げへの期待が高まっていたにもかかわらず、価格競争は起きなかった。	Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga Yoshihide remarked last summer that "there is margin for a 40% reduction," and despite heightened expectations that rates would fall, no price competition occurred.
楽天の本格的な参入が先送りとなり、大手３社の寡占状態が続いているのが大きな要因だ。	The major factor being, with the delay of Rakuten's full-scale entry into the market, that the three major companies continue to have a stronghold on the market.
消費者にとっては公正な競争により、利用しやすい料金体系となることが望ましい。	For consumers, it is desirable to have easy-to-use rate structures that arise from fair competition.
携帯各社の努力を求めたい。	We want to see an effort from the mobile phone companies.
改正法は、端末代と通信料のセット割引を禁止する。	The revised law prohibits set discounts for device fees and communications charges.
端末代を安売りする代わりに、通信料が割高になる設定になっていたからだ。	The reason being that, to compensate for device fees being sold cheaply, communications charges were being set comparatively high.
ソフトバンクとＫＤＤＩ（ａｕ）は端末を最大で半額にするプランを発表した。	Softbank and KDDI (au) announced plans for half-price on devices.
しかし両社とも１００日間は他社回線が使えない「ＳＩＭロック」が端末にかかる仕組みだ。	However, devices from both companies were outfitted with "SIM locks" that made them unable to use other companies' networks for 100 days.
ＮＴＴドコモは自社回線の契約者だけを対象に端末代を最大で３分の１にする。	NTT Docomo will reduce the cost down to a maximum of one third on devices exclusively for customers who use their network.
３社とも他社への乗り換えを防ぐ「囲い込み」を継続しているように映る。	It appears that all three companies are continuing to "cage in" to prevent transfers to other companies.
ＳＩＭロックについては総務省が即時解除を義務付ける方針を示した。	The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications pointed to a policy that would mandate immediate release of SIM locks.
企業側も早急に対応する必要がある。	Companies must also respond promptly.
楽天の延期は、基地局など通信網の整備が計画通りに進まなかったためだ。	Rakuten's postponement was due to the preparation of base stations and communication networks not proceeding as planned.
値下げ競争の起爆剤になると期待されていただけに、肩すかしをくった格好だ。	This was a disappointment as it had been expected to be a catalyst for low price competition.
見通しの甘さがあったのではないか。	Perhaps predictions had been optimistic.
本格サービスの開始時期や料金も明らかになっていない。	The launch time and rate for full-scale service have not yet been disclosed.
社会インフラを担う企業として、責任を持って事業に取り組んでほしい。	As companies that play a role in social infrastructure, we hope they will be responsible in addressing their operation of business.
今回の料金改定は菅官房長官の発言がきっかけとなった。	The current fee revision was spurred by Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga's remarks.
菅氏は３社の新料金について「これから競争が始まっていくと思う。このままでいいとは全く考えていない」と不満を示した。	Secretary Suga expressed dissatisfaction regarding the three companies' new rates stating: "I believe competition will start from here. I in no way think it is fine staying the way it is."
ただ「官製値下げ」は市場をゆがめ、健全な競争を促すとは思えない。	However "government-prompted price cuts" will distort the market and it is difficult to think that it will promote healthy competition.
企業側は政府から口出しされる前に、顧客本位の競争を展開すべきだ。	Companies should engage in customer-oriented competition before being told by the government.
各社の料金体系はとても複雑で、比較が容易ではない。	Each company's fee structure is very complex, and it is not easy to compare them.
端末が「最大半額になる」などの広告を出しているのに、消費者の負担が半額を上回るケースがあるとして、消費者庁が注意を呼びかけた。	The Customer Affairs Agency advised caution as there are cases where customers end up covering more than the half price even though the devices are advertised as "up to half-price off."
企業自ら、利用者の誤解を生まないように、丁寧でわかりやすい説明を心がけなければならない。	Companies must provide thorough and easy-to-understand explanations to avoid misleading customers.
出金限度額50万円に引き下げ 三重県内３信金のキャッシュカード - 伊勢新聞	Three Mie Prefecture Shinkin Banks to lower ATM card withdrawal limit to 500,000 yen -- Ise Shimbun
三重県内の３信用金庫（桑名三重信用金庫・北伊勢上野信用金庫・紀北信用金庫）は26日、特殊詐欺の被害を防ぐため、キャッシュカードによる出金限度額の引き下げを決めたと発表した。	To prevent damage from bank-transfer fraud, three Shinyo Kinko Banks in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinyo Kinko, Kitaise Ueno Shinyo Kinko, and Kihoku Shinyo Kinko) announced on the 26th that a reduction has been decided for the limit for withdrawals made by ATM card.
桑名三重、北伊勢上野、紀北の各信用金庫のキャッシュカードを保有し、過去３年間、ＡＴＭ（現金自動預け払い機）で一定額以上の出金取引を行ったことのない70歳以上の預金者を対象に、キャッシュカードで１日に出金できる上限額を50万円とする。	The maximum monetary amount that can withdrawn in a single day will become 500,000 yen for depositors aged 70 or older possessing an ATM card from Kuwana Mie, Kitaise Ueno or Kihoku Shinyo Kinko Banks who have not made a withdrawal over a certain amount at an ATM (Automated Teller Machine) in the last three years.
桑名三重信用金庫と北伊勢上野信用金庫は10月１日、紀北信用金庫は11月１日から引き下げを実施する。	Kuwana Mie Shinyo Kinko and Kita Ise Ueno Shinyo Kinko Banks will implement the reduction on October 1st, Kihoku Shinyo Kinko on November 1st.
県内では、金融機関や警察関係者などに成りすましてキャッシュカードと暗証番号を詐取の上、ＡＴＭで出金される特殊詐欺事件が多発しており、信用金庫の関係者は「できる限りの方法でお客様の大切なご預金をお守りしたい」としている。	Within the prefecture, there have been repeated incidents of fraudulent ATM withdrawals made with ATM cards and pin numbers fraudulently acquired through false impersonation of financial institutions or law enforcement personnel, and a member of Shinyo Kinko stated "we want to protect the precious savings of our customers in any way within our means."
横綱鶴竜ら陸奥部屋へ転属 井筒親方の急逝で｜静岡新聞アットエス	Yokozuna Kakuryu and others transfer to Mutsu stable after sudden passing of stablemaster Izutsu Shizuoka Shimbun @S
日本相撲協会は２７日、井筒親方（元関脇逆鉾）の死去に伴い、横綱鶴竜ら井筒部屋の力士３人、床山１人の陸奥部屋への転属を承認したと発表した。	3 wrestlers, including Yokozuna Kakuryu, and a hairstylist have been approved to transfer to Mutsu stable from Izutsu stable due to the sudden passing of stablemaster Izutsu (former Sekiwake Sakahoko), the Japan Sumo Association announced on the 27th.
陸奥部屋は井筒部屋と同じ時津風一門。	Mutsu stable and Izutsu stable both belong to the Tokitsukaze clan.
師匠の陸奥親方（元大関霧島）は、井筒部屋出身で故井筒親方の兄弟子に当たる。	Stablemaster Mutsu (former Ozeki Kirishima) used to be a senior stablemate of late stablemaster Izutsu at Izutsu stable.
井筒親方は１６日に急逝し、鶴竜らは同じ一門の鏡山部屋の一時預かりとなり、今後の処遇が協議されていた。	After stablemaster Izutsu suddenly passed away on the 16th, Kakuryu and his stablemates were temporarily kept in Kagamiyama stable and future treatment was being discussed.
陸奥部屋には鶴竜と同じモンゴル出身の十両霧馬山ら、秋場所時点で１２人の力士が在籍している。	In Mutsu stable, there are 12 wrestlers at the time of the autumn tournament, including Kakuryu's fellow Mongolian, Juryo Kirimayama.
【ラグビーW杯】一発退場＆乱闘 米国選手の"顔面危険タックル"に海外波紋「侮辱的で卑劣なプレー 」 （ THE ANSWER ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Rugby World Cup: Scuffling and instant sending off, US player's tackle that risked danger to the face causes ripples overseas as a "sneaky and disrespectful play" (The Answer) - Yahoo!News
米国FLクイルがラフプレー、元イングランド代表「タックルと呼べるものではない」	A former England player said of US flanker Quill's rough play, "That can't even be called a tackle"
ラグビーワールドカップ（W杯）日本大会は26日、出場20か国で最後の登場となった米国はイングランドに7-45で完敗。	During the Rugby World Cup in Japan on the 26th, America, the last of the 20 nations to play, lost to England 7-45.
黒星発進となったが、後半にFLジョン・クイルが演じたラフプレーが波紋を呼んでいる。	Although they were defeated, it was the rough play from flanker John Quill in the second half that is being talked about.
相手の顔面にショルダータックルを加えるような形で一発退場。	He shouldered an opponent in the face, which earnt him an instant sending off.
実際のシーンを海外メディアも動画付きで公開し、元イングランド代表選手も「侮辱的であり卑劣なプレー 」 「 タックルと呼べるものではない」と苦言を呈している。	Actual footage of the incident was shared by overseas media outlets, and a former England player complained that is was a "sneaky and disrespectful play" and that it "couldn't even be called a tackle".
【動画 】 「 侮辱的で卑劣なプレー」と海外波紋！	Video: The "sneaky and disrespectful play" and the ripples it caused overseas!
一発退場、両軍選手が入り乱れる騒動に...米国代表クイルが演じた"顔面危険タックル"の実際の瞬間	A red card, and players on both teams get into a scuffle...The actual moment of the tackle that risked danger to the face made by Quill
熱い闘志が一線を越えてしまった。	Unfortunately, hot fighting spirit caused him to cross the line.
0-38で迎えた後半29分だ。	It occurred in the 29th minute of the second half, with the score at 0-38.
敵陣深くでイングランド主将のファレルが味方のパスをキャッチする際にややバランスを崩した。	England captain Farrell was deep in the opponents' half when he caught a pass from a player on his team that made him lose his balance a little bit.
これにタックルに行ったのが、クイルだった。	It was at this moment that Quill went in for a tackle.
ただ、腰から下ではなく上体を起こし、上半身に激しく体をぶつけた。	However, he did not go for the waist and below, but raised his upper body and smashed into the upper body of Farrell.
結果、相手の頭と頭が接触し、頭突きするような形に。	As a result, the two players' heads connected, as in a headbutt.
ファレルは激しく飛ばされ、倒れ込んだ。	Farrell was sent flying and fell to the ground.
明らかに正当性を欠いたプレーにイングランド選手がクイルを突き飛ばそうとして猛抗議。	Another English player looked like he might lunge at Quill as he violently protested the clearly unjustified play.
両軍選手が一気に集まり、一触即発の空気になった。	Player from both sides quickly crowded around, and it looked like the situation might take a turn for the worse.
TMO（ビデオ判定）の結果、クイルはレッドカードで一発退場に。	However, on consulting the television match official (who reviews the video footage), Quill was given a red card and sent off.
バツが悪そうな顔でピッチを後にしたが、フェアプレーを求める観衆からは一部でブーイングも聞かれた。	He left the pitch with an ashamed look on his face, but there was booing from some corners of the audience who expect fair play.
ラグビーの強豪ニュージーランドの地元メディア「スタッフ」は「ラグビーW杯2019：米国選手が卑劣なプレーで退場、イングランドが快勝」と見出しを打って特集。	In New Zealand, a rugby powerhouse, local media outlet Stuff led with the headline "Rugby World Cup 2019: USA player sent off for cheap shot as England cruise to victory".
「キルはイングランドスター選手ファレルの顔面に卑劣なショルダーチャージを行い、退場となった 」 「 ほぼ両軍選手による乱闘となった」とレポートしている。	They reported that "Quill was sent off for a nasty shoulder charge to the face of England star Farrell", and "that sparked a scuffle between almost all players from both sides".
記事では、元イングランド代表選手でコメンテーターのウーゴ・モニャのコメントを紹介。	The article featured comments from commentator and former England player, Ugo Monye.
「侮辱的であり、卑劣。タックルと呼べるものではない。卑劣なプレーだ」と苦言を呈したという。	"It's a disgrace, it's cheap. That's not even a tackle. It's a cheap shot."
試合は1人欠いた米国は81分に意地のトライでなんとか完封負けを逃れた米国。	With one man down, the US managed to claw back one try in the 81st minute, avoiding a shutout.
しかし、クイルのプレーは後味の悪さを残してしまった。	However, Quill's play left behind a bad taste.
厚生労働省は９月２６日、全国１４５５の公立病院や日赤などの公的病院のうち「診療実績が乏しい」と判断した４２４の病院名を初めて公表した。	On September 26th the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare announced for the first time the names of 424 hospitals that have been deemed "of poor medical practice" out of 1455 public hospitals including Japanese Red Cross, and other government-run hospitals nationwide.
福井県内では、厚労省が公立、公的病院１４施設の治療実績を検証し▽あわら市の国立病院機構あわら病院▽坂井市立三国病院▽越前町の織田病院▽高浜町の若狭高浜病院―の４施設が対象となった。	In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry inspected the medical practice of 14 public and government-run hospitals and targeted the following four facilities: National Hospital Organization Awara Hospital in Awara City, Sakai Municipal Mikuni Hospital, Oda Hospital in Echizen Town and Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama Town.
⇒再編対象の４病院「基準おかしい」	"Standards strange" four hospitals targeted for reorganization
高齢化で膨張する医療費抑制のため、競合地域にある病院との再編・統合を促す必要があるとして、異例の対応に踏み切った。	The ministry took this unusual response citing a necessity to prompt hospitals in competing regions to organize and consolidate in order to curb medical expenses that are expanding with the aging of the population.
１０月にも対象病院に再編・統合の本格的な検討を要請し、来年９月までに結論を出してもらう考え。	The idea is that requests for full-scale examinations of the reorganization and consolidation of the targeted hospitals be made in October, with conclusions provided by September of next year.
強制力はないが、身近な病院がなくなるとの不安から地元の首長や住民の反発が予想される。	Though there will be no legal enforcement, opposition is expected from local leaders and residents uneasy about facing closures of nearby hospitals.
同日の会合で公表した。	Publicly announced the same day.
対象病院は全体の２９・１％に当たり、ベッド数が比較的少ない病院が多かった。	Targeted hospitals made up 29.1% of the total, and many were hospitals that had a comparatively low number of beds.
都道府県別では、新潟（５３・７ ％ ） 、北海道（４８・６ ％ ） 、宮城（４７・５ ％ ） 、山口（４６・７ ％ ） 、岡山（４３・３ ％ ） の順で割合が高かった。	In order, Nigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%) and Okayama (43.3%) had the highest percentages by prefecture.
対象の数は北海道の５４が最多、沖縄は唯一ゼロだった。	By target numbers Hokkaido had the highest with 54, while Okinawa was the only with zero.
厚労省は２０１７年度のデータを基に、公立や公的病院のうち、重症患者向けの「高度急性期 」 、 一般的な手術をする「急性期」に対応できる１４５５病院を調査。	Of public and government-run hospitals, the Ministry surveyed 1455 hospitals capable of handling "highly acute stage" for severely ill patients and "acute stage" for general surgery based on 2017 data.
がんや救急医療といった９項目の診療実績と、競合する病院が「車で２０分以内」の場所にないかを分析し、病院名公表の必要性を判断した。	The necessity to publicly announce a hospital's name was determined by the performance review of its medical practice in nine categories such as cancer and emergency care along with whether a competing hospital was located "within 20 minutes by car."
対象となる病院には、廃止や一部の診療科を他の病院に移すことなどを検討してもらう。	Targeted hospitals will be asked to consider actions such as abolishing or moving parts of some departments to other hospitals.
医療費は団塊世代全員が７５歳以上となる２５年に急増する。	In 2025 medical expenses will sharply rise as all baby boomers reach ages over 75.
このため厚労省は全国で１２４万６千床（１８年）ある病院のベッド数を１１９万１千床まで減らす目標を掲げる。	For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has set a goal to reduce the number of hospital beds nationwide from 1,246,000 (2018) to 1,191,000.
現在は、看護師を手厚く配置し医療費がかかる「高度急性期」や「急性期」のベッド数が多い一方、高齢者にニーズの高いリハビリ向けは不足している。	At present, while there is a large number of beds accommodating "highly acute" and "acute" phases that require heavy concentration of nurses and medical fees, there is a shortage of beds accommodating high needs rehabilitation among the elderly.
高齢化に対応するため、ベッド数を単に削減するだけでなく、リハビリ向けを増やす必要がある。	In response to the aging population it is not only necessary to simply reduce the number of beds, but also to increase accommodations for rehabilitation.
病院の再編・統合を巡っては、各都道府県が２５年に必要なベッド数などを定めた「地域医療構想」を策定。	Regarding hospital reorganization and consolidation, a "community medical care initiative" will be formed in each prefecture to determine the number of beds, etc. that will be necessary in 2025.
全国を３３９の区域に分け、自治体や医療関係者らが協議しているが、地元の住民や首長の多くは慎重姿勢を維持しており、議論は難航している。	Dividing the country into 339 regions, local governments and medical personnel are negotiating, but the debate has stalled as many local residents and leaders maintain a cautious attitude.
厚労省は実績の乏しい病院名を公表することで、議論の活性化につなげたいとしている。	The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare hopes the publication of the names of hospitals with poor performance will reinvigorate the debate.
駒ケ岳噴火想定、道など防災総合訓練 住民参加で広域、１８年ぶり（動画 ） ： 北海道新聞 どうしん電子版	Hypothesizing Komagatake eruption, first prefecture comprehensive disaster prevention training in 18 years spreads with residents participation (Video): Hokkaido Shimbun, Digital Edition
駒ケ岳（１１３１メートル）の噴火を想定した防災総合訓練が９月２７日、渡島管内の森、七飯、鹿部町で行われた。	A disaster prevention training drill hypothesizing the eruption of Komagatake (1131 meters) was held on September 27th in Mori, Nanae and Shikabe towns in the Oshima jurisdiction.
道や３町など２０機関の職員や住民ら約４００人が参加した。	The roughly 400 participants included residents and employees of 20 organizations including the prefecture and the three towns.
北海道駒ケ岳火山防災協議会が、８月に住民の避難ルートを盛り込んだ避難計画を策定して以来、初の開催。	This was the first training since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcanic Disaster Prevention Council formulated an evacuation plan complete with resident evacuation routes in August.
住民が参加する広域的な訓練は１８年ぶり。	It has been 18 years since the last widespread training for resident participation.
午前８時４５分に駒ケ岳が噴火し、山麓の町まで泥流が到達したという想定。	The assumption was that Komagatake would erupt at 8:45 AM, and that mudflow would reach towns at the foot of the mountain.
噴火警戒レベルが５（避難）に引き上げられると森、七飯両町に避難所が開設され、住民は各町が用意したバスや道警の車両で移動した。	When the eruption alert level was raised to level five (evacuation), evacuation shelters were opened for both Mori and Nanae towns and residents were transported by Hokkaido prefectural police vehicles or busses prepared by each town.
バンクーバーの気候デモに10万人 生徒が学校休み温暖化対策訴える（みんなの経済新聞ネットワーク ） - Yahoo!ニュース	100,000 students skip school to call for stronger measures to combat global warming at climate demo in Vancouver (Minkei Local News Network) - Yahoo!News
16歳の環境活動家グレタ・トゥンベリさんに共感した学生を中心とする市民約10万人が、バンクーバー市内で9月27日、気候変動対策を訴えデモ行進を行った。	Approximately 100,000 citizens, the majority of them students, who sympathise with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg, took to marching through Vancouver on September 27th, in a bid to fight climate change.
バンクーバーでの気候デモの様子	View of the climate demo in Vancouver
行進が行われたのはバンクーバー市役所からキャンビーブリッジを渡り、ダウンタウンの図書館まで。	The march started at Vancouver City Hall, then travelled across Cambie Bridge before finishing at the downtown library.
集合場所の市役所前には開始の数時間前からプラカードを持つ人々が集まり始め、開始時刻の13時には市役所前数ブロックの道路を埋めるほどの人数に。	People with placards began to arrive at the gathering point in front of City Hall several hours before the start, and by the time the start time of 1pm came round, the number of people had risen to the point that they filled several blocks of road in front of City Hall.
その後も参加者は増え続け最終的には10万人を超える人が参加した。	The number of participants continues to increase even after this time, until at final count, over 100, 000 people participated.
途中の道路では警察も道路規制を施して協力、数時間にわたり全ての人が歩き終えるまで見守った。	Law enforcement officers cooperated and policed the roads along the way, keeping watch for several hours until everyone had walked the route.
ニューヨークで開催された国連気候行動サミットに合わせ、バンクーバー市内では先週末から温暖化について考える各種イベントを数多く開催。	To coincide with the United Nations Climate Action Summit that occurred in New York, various events have been held in Vancouver since last weekend, encouraging people to think about global warming.
最終日の27日は「未来のための金曜日（Fridays for Future ） 」 とした学校ストライキを実施。	On the final day, the 27th, a school strike was organised as "Fridays for Future".
この日学校を休んで参加した学生たちは「学校という大切なものを休んでまでも地球を守りたい」と大人たちに訴え、仕事を休み参加した多くの大人たちも「真剣に学び考えている子供たちの未来のためにも我々も力を尽くす」と応える姿が見られた。	The students who skipped school and participated in the demo on this day appealed to adults by saying, "We want to protect the Earth so much that we are willing to skip something as important as school," while in response, the many adults who also took time off to work to participate said, "We will do our best for the future of our children, who are studying and thinking about this issue in earnest."
豚コレラワクチン推奨地域９県 農水省（岐阜新聞Ｗｅｂ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries recommends swine fever vaccine for nine prefectures (Gifu Newspaper Web) - Yahoo!News
農林水産省は２７日、家畜伝染病「豚（とん）コレラ」の感染拡大を防ぐため、現行では認められていない飼養豚への予防的ワクチン接種を可能とする防疫指針の改正案を公表した。	On the 27th, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries announced a proposed reform to the to the guidelines on preventing epidemics, making it possible to vaccinate pigs that are currently not allowed, in an effort to prevent further spread of swine fever.
対象地域は、豚や野生イノシシでの感染が確認されている岐阜、愛知県など９県を選定する方針。	The plan is to target nine prefectures where the infection of pigs and wild boars has been confirmed, such as Gifu and Aichi Prefectures.
ワクチン接種した生きた豚や受精卵などの移動は域内に制限されるが、精肉や加工品の域外への流通は認める。	The movement of live, vaccinated pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted within the area, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the area is permitted.
一般へのパブリックコメント（意見公募）などを経て、早ければ１０月中の手続き完了を目指す。	After gathering public opinion on the matter, it is hoped to get the reform put through as early as October.
ワクチンを使用し、精肉などの域外流通を認めることで、国際機関から認定されていた「清浄国」でなくなり、豚肉の輸出に影響を及ぼす可能性がある。	However, by using vaccines and allowing the distribution of meat outside affected areas, Japan may no longer be seen as a "free country" as certified by international institutions, which may have a negative impact on the export of pork.
昨年９月の発生以降、日本は清浄国の地位が一時保留中の状態だった。	Since the outbreak last September, Japan's status as a free country has been suspended.
改正案では、野生イノシシから豚への感染リスクが高い地域について、専門家の意見を踏まえ、農水省が「ワクチン接種推奨地域」を設定。	In the proposed reform, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries has set out "areas where vaccination is recommended" based on expert opinion, which are areas where there is high risk of wild boar infecting pigs.
対象の都道府県が、接種の範囲や時期、頭数、進め方などをまとめた「ワクチン接種プログラム」を作成し、同省の確認を受け、知事判断で使用を許可する。	The target prefectures will develop their own vaccination program that determines the range of vaccination, vaccination period, number of animals to be vaccinated and how to proceed with vaccinations, then once it has been checked by the ministry, use of the program will be permitted at the discretion of each prefectural governor.
接種推奨地域案として挙がっている他の７県は埼玉、富山、石川、福井、長野、三重、滋賀。	The other seven prefectures that have been recommended for vaccinations are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie and Shiga.
地域は指針が改正された際に、状況を見極めて改めて決定する。	Once the guidelines have been revised, the situation will be assessed and the regions will be finalized.
接種した豚や精液、受精卵、死体、排せつ物などの移動は、原則として域内に制限する。	In principle, the movement of live, vaccinated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, carcasses and excrement is restricted within the area.
精肉や加工品については、流通制限にかかるコストや農家への影響を踏まえて対象とせず、事実上域外への流通を容認する。	Meat and processed products are not subject to such restrictions due to the cost of restricting distribution and because of the impact it would have on farmers, so in effect, distribution outside the area is allowed.
ウイルスを拡散させないため、食品ごみの処理を徹底する。	Thus food waste must be thoroughly disposed of to prevent the spread of the virus.
接種した豚の安全性などを訴え、風評被害の防止にも取り組む。	Efforts will be made to ensure that vaccinated pigs are safe, and to prevent financial damage caused by misinformation.
指針の改正案は、同日開かれた有識者会議で取りまとめ、防疫対策本部の会合で確認した。	The proposed guideline reform was compiled at a meeting of experts that was held on the same day, and approved at an assembly of the Epidemic Prevention Task Force.
今後、都道府県への意見照会やパブリックコメントを１０月７日まで実施し、新しい防疫指針を施行する。	The next step will be to hold public opinion enquiries in each prefecture until October 7th, after which the new epidemic prevention guidelines will come into effect.
無所属の本田圭佑、マンUに公開アプローチ！	Free agent Honda Keisuke approaches Man U publicly!
「オファーをください。お金は必要ない 」 （ フットボールチャンネル ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"Please make me an offer. Money's not an issue" (Football Channel) - Yahoo!News
9/28 (土) 2:57配信	Published Saturday, September 28th at 2:57
昨季限りでオーストラリア・Aリーグのメルボルン・ビクトリーを退団し、現在無所属の元日本代表MF本田圭佑が驚くべき行動に出た。	Honda Keisuke left Australian A-League side Melbourne Victory only last season, but now the currently free agent midfielder formerly on the Japanese national team has taken a surprising action.
【動画】本田圭佑、実は試合に出ていた？	Video: Honda Keisuke was actually in the match?
仰天の真実が明かされる	The astonishing truth is revealed
日本時間27日深夜に自身のツイッターを更新した本田は 、 「 オファーをください。お金は必要ないですが、偉大なチームや素晴らしいチームメイトとプレーする必要があります」と、あるクラブに公開アプローチを行ったのだ。	Late at night on the 27th (Japan time) Honda updated his Twitter with the following message: "Please make me an offer. Money's not an issue, but I need to play with a great team and great teammates", approaching a certain club publicly.
"逆オファー"を送った相手は、なんと世界的な名門のマンチェスター・ユナイテッド。	And the club to whom he sent this "reverse offer" was none other than Manchester United, one of the most highly esteemed teams in the world.
なぜ本田がプレミアリーグ屈指の強豪クラブに壮大なリクエストをしたのか。	So why did Honda make this spectacular request to one of the Premier League's most powerful clubs?
きっかけは24日に公開されたオーストラリア版『FOXスポーツ』の記事にある。	The answer lies in an article published by the Australian version of FOX Sports on the 24th.
「マンチェスター・ユナイテッドが負傷者続出の危機の中で掴む可能性のある5人のFW」と題された記事の中では、現在獲得が可能な無所属の選手たちが5人ピックアップされた。	In the article entitled "Five Free Forwards Manchester United Could Sign Amid Injury Crisis", it lists five players who are free agents and currently available to sign.
ハテム・ベン・アルファやジュゼッペ・ロッシ、ウィルフレード・ボニーといった選手たちの中に、本田の名前もあった。	Honda was named, along with players such as Hatem Ben Arfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfried Bony.
現在、ユナイテッドではMFポール・ポグバやDFルーク・ショー、DFエリック・バイリー、FWアントニー・マルシャル、FWマーカス・ラッシュフォードなど負傷者が続出しており、緊急事態に陥っている。	United is currently in a state of emergency after a spate of injuries to their players, including midfielder Paul Drogba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bailly, forward Anthony Martial and forward Marcus Rashford.
オーレ・グンナー・スールシャール監督率いる"赤い悪魔"はリーグ戦で2勝22敗と苦しい滑り出しを余儀なくされ、前線のクオリティに課題を抱えている。	The "Red Devils", who are managed by Ole Gunnar Solskjær, have had a difficult start to the league with only two wins and 22 losses, and are facing issues in the quality of their frontline.
そこで豪州メディアがテコ入れのための新戦力候補として名前を挙げたのが本田だった。	Thus Australian media named Honda as a fresh and capable candidate who could shore up their ranks.
記事の中では「厳密に言えばストライカーではなく、クリエイティブなサイドの選手としての本田の契約は、アンドレアス・ペレイラが埋めている穴を、埋めることができる」と分析されている。	The article notes that, "Not strictly a striker by trade, creative wide-man Honda's signing could fill the hole currently being timidly filled by Andreas Pereira."
メルボルン・ビクトリーでの18試合出場9得点は「堅実な記録」だが 、 「 33歳の本田はカンボジア代表をマネジメントする彼の娯楽から離れ、完全な注目を集める必要がある」とも指摘されている。	It goes on to say that his nine goals scored in 18 games with Melbourne Victory was a "solid record", but points out that "Honda, 33, has to step away from his pastime of managing the Cambodian national team to earn full attention."
果たして本田のアプローチは実るのか。	Will Honda's approach bear any fruit?
来年の東京五輪出場が目標と公言するベテランのために、ユナイテッドが動き出すかにも注目だ。	It will be interesting to see if United make a move for the veteran who has declared it his aim to take part in next year's Tokyo Olympics.
携帯型翻訳機５００台設置完了 浜松商議所、店舗などに無償貸与｜静岡新聞アットエス	The Installation of 500 portable translation devices completed Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce lend free to stores, etc. Shizuoka Shimbun @S
浜松市内の店舗など５００カ所に無償貸与している携帯型翻訳機「ポケトーク」	"Pocketalk," a portable translation device lent free to 500 locations, including stores in Hamamatsu City
浜松商工会議所は２６日、会員事業所に携帯型翻訳機「ポケトーク」を無償貸与する事業で、浜松市内の店舗などへ計５００台の設置が完了したと発表した。	The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on the 26th that it has completed the installation of 500 units of portable translation devices to member enterprises such as stores in Hamamatsu city.
同翻訳機を同一地域に集中的に配備するのは全国初といい、インバウンド（訪日旅行者）対応力向上につながるか注目される。	Since it is said to be the first of its kind in the country that the Chamber of Commerce distributes a great number of Pocketalk in one region, it will allow people to pay close attention to the project's success in meeting inbound tourists' demands.
貸与先の内訳は飲食店２３６、小売店１１３、宿泊施設１７、その他１３４。	Currently, the lending locations include 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodation facilities, and 134 others.
同市中区が６割を占める。	Naka-ku, Hamamatsu city accounts for 60%.
地図アプリ「グーグルマップ」への貸与先の表示も始め、スマートフォンで「外国語対応の店舗」の場所が分かるようにした。	It also started displaying the lending locations on the map app, "Google Maps," and the locations of "stores providing foreign language support" can be found on smartphones.
浜名湖観光圏のサイトなどからアクセスできる。	It can be accessed from the website of Lake Hamana Sightseeing Area.
７４言語に対応するポケトークの無償貸与は市内９団体による「日本一のインバウンド応援都市 浜松」宣言を受けた取り組みで、４月に開始した。	The free lending of Pocketalk, which supports 74 languages, was started in April following the declaration of ”Hamamatsu, Japan's best inbound tourism support city" made by nine organizations in the city.
同商議所が５００台を購入し、おもてなし認証取得、キャッシュレス決済導入などの条件を満たした中小規模の事業所に２年間、貸し出す。	The Chamber of Commerce purchased 500 units and lends them for two years to small and medium-sized establishments that meet the requirements of hospitality certification and cashless payment implementation.
同商議所の担当者は「営業環境が厳しい中、外国人の新規顧客の開拓につなげてほしい」と話した。	"Hopefully, this will lead to new foreign customer development despite of the difficult business environment," the Chamber of Commerce spokesperson said.
いまや直ドラ名人 池村寛世は1打目もティアップ不要？	For someone skilled at the driver off the deck, is teeing up on the first hit unnecessary for Ikemura Tomoyo?
本日のキャディさんベストショット	Caddy's shot of the day
1Wショットは必ずしもティアップして打つものではない。	A driver shot doesn't necessarily have to be hit off the tee.
パー5の第2打などで距離を稼ぎたいときに地面にあるボールをたたく、いわゆる"直ドラ"という技もある。	On something like the second shot of a par five hole, when you want to gain some distance, there's also the technique known as the "driver off the deck", where you strike the ball where it is on the ground.
最近の1Wはヘッド体積が大きいこともあってボールが散るリスクを伴うが、これをティグラウンド上でも頻繁に実践する選手がいる。	Modern drivers have large heads, so they do come with the risk of sending the ball flying off in the wrong direction, but there is a player who practices this technique frequently on the teeing ground.
ツアー初勝利が待たれる池村寛世だ。	It's Ikemura Tomoyo, tipped to win his first tour victory.
プロ7年目の24歳は身長166㎝と小柄ながら、ドライビングディスタンス部門で現在7位（平均304.02yd ） 。	In his 7th year of professional golf, the 24-year-old has a diminutive stature at 1.66m, but he is currently seventh in terms of driving distance (hitting an average of 304.02 yards).
ロングショットを得意とする一方で、課題のひとつにフェアウェイウッドの精度があった。	While long shots are his forte, one of the issues was the precision of the fairway wood.
春先に「スプーン（3W）のショットがダメだったので、直ドラをやってみようと思って」と開眼。	Then one day in early spring, he was enlightened: "Since the spoon (three wood) shot wasn't working, I thought I would try the driver off the deck."
練習ラウンドからティエリアの芝の上にボールをポトリと落とし、こともなげに1Wを振り切ることがある。	From the practice round, he would plop the ball down on the grass in the teeing area, and casually swing a driver at it.
ビッグキャリーが求められるケースではティアップを多用するが、両サイドが狭いホールなどで直ドラを有効活用している。	At times when a big carry is required, the ball is often teed up, but Ikemura employs the driver off the deck for holes where both sides are narrow.
「目線が打ち下ろしになるホールなんかでは使えます 」 。	"It can be used for holes where the line of sight is downhill."
弾道計測器ではキャリーで270yd～280ydを記録。	The trajectory tracker records a carry of 270-280 yards.
「だから3Wがいらないんです。キャディも3Wより直ドラのほうが安心できるって ... 」 。	"So a three wood is not required. The caddy also said that a driver off the deck is safer than a three wood.
6月の「日本ツアー選手権」から、キャディバッグの中にウッドは1Wだけ。	Since the Japan Golf Tour Championship in June, the only wood in Ikemura's caddy bag is the driver.
2番目に長いクラブはロフト17度のUTだ。	His second longest club is a utility iron with a loft of 17°.
ツアー仲間からも驚かれる戦法は、目にしたギャラリーから漏れる感嘆の声もうれしい。	This tactic has astonished his fellow tourmates, but has also caused rousing cheers from the spectators who witness it.
コツは「クラブをレベル（水平）に振ること」だとか。	Apparently, the trick is to "swing the club level".
「ダウンブローでも、アッパーで打っても、まっすぐ飛ばない。カット軌道だと右に行きます。もともとは（ティアップ時の）1Wショットのスイング矯正をするのに直ドラをやっていたんです。この練習でアタックアングル（クラブの入射角）も緩やかになる 」 。	"Whether performing a down blow or an upper, it doesn't fly true. A cut shot will send it to the right. Originally, I was merely using the driver off the deck to correct the swing of the driver shot (when teeing up). This practice also gives it a gentler attack angle (the angle of incidence of the club)."
ボールが捕まりきらず、スライスのリスクを伴うが「だから左サイドは消せる（左には曲がらない ） 」 。	The ball is not gripped by the head of the club, incurring the risk of slicing it, but it "eliminates the left side (it doesn't curve to the left)."
カンタンに言うけれど...と、思わずうなるプロの技だ。	It sounds easy when you say it...But one can't help but be impressed by this pro technique.
乗鞍岳畳平で初氷（岐阜新聞Ｗｅｂ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	First ice of winter at Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura (Gifu Newspaper Web) - Yahoo!News
乗鞍岳畳平の鶴ケ池で今季初めて観測された氷＝２７日午前、高山市丹生川町（乗鞍スカイライン管理事務所提供）	The first ice observed this winter at Lake Tsurugaike, Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura on the morning of the 27th, Nyukawa-cho, Takayama (photo provided by the Norikura Skyline Management Office)
北アルプス・乗鞍岳の畳平（岐阜県高山市丹生川町、標高２７０２メートル）にある鶴ケ池で２７日、今季初めて氷が観測された。	On the 27th, the first ice of winter was observed at Lake Tsurugaike, Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura in the Northern Alps (Nyukawa-cho, Takayama, Gifu Prefecture, 2,702m above sea level).
昨年より４日遅く、過去１０年の平均より１日早い。	The ice is four days later than last year, but one day earlier than the average for the past 10 years.
乗鞍スカイライン管理事務所によると、午前６時２５分ごろ、道路をパトロールしていた職員が鶴ケ池西側で、厚さ約２ミリの氷が張っているのを確認した。	According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, a member of its staff who was patrolling the roads around 6:25am spotted ice around 2mm thick on the west side of Lake Tsurugaike.
観測時の天気は晴れで気温３度だった。	The weather at the time of the observation was 3° and clear.
岐阜地方気象台によると、この日の県内の最低気温は同市荘川町六厩の９・５度だった。	According to the Gifu Regional Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5° in Mumaya, Showakawa-cho, Takayama.
パラ競技を体験しよう！	Experience a paralympic sport!
あすまで イオン小名浜でキャラバンイベント " いわき民報公式ホームページ	Caravan event at Onahama AEON till tomorrow -- Iwaki Minpo official homepage
２０２０年東京パラリンピックの機運醸成を目指し、東京海上日動火災保険による「東北６県キャラバンイベント『チャレンジ６』ｉｎ福島県」が28日、イオンモールいわき小名浜で始まった。	Aiming to build momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine and Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.'s "Tohoku Six-Prefecture Caravan Event 'Challenge 6' in Fukushima" began on the 28th at Iwaki Onahama AEON Mall.
パラリンピック競技として、ボッチャ、車いすフェンシング、車いすバスケットボール、ゴールボール、陸上競技、車いすラグビーの６競技が体験できるコーナーが設けられ、買い物客らでにぎわっている。	Six areas are set up where guests can try the paralympic sports of boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goal ball, wheelchair rugby and track and field, stirring excitement among shoppers.
チャレンジ６は７月から10月にかけて、東北地方６県で１カ所ずつ開催されており、福島県ではイオンモールいわき小名浜が会場となった。	Challenge 6 will run from July until October, opening in one location within each of the six prefectures in Tohoku with AEON Mall Iwaki Onahama as the venue for Fukushima.
パラリンピック競技は、五輪競技と比べると、まだまだ知名度が低い点があるが、チャレンジ６を通じ、少しでもパラアスリートと同じ体験をすることで、多くの人に理解してもらう狙いが込められている。	Compared to the Olympic Games there are still aspects of the Paralympic Games that are less well-known, but by providing an experience even slightly similar to that of the paralympic athletes through Challenge 6, they hope that many people will gain understanding.
会場には、黄色い衣装に身を包んで 、 「 ゲッツ ！ 」でなじみのお笑いタレント・ダンディ坂野さんが訪れ、一緒に競技を体験し、盛り上がりを見せていた。	A visit from familiar comedian personality Dandy Sakano who is known for "Gets!" roused excitement as he joined in the competition experience wearing all yellow at the venue.
29日には、お笑いタレント・マギー審司さんが駆け付ける。	Comdeian personality Maggy Shinji will be jumping in on the 29th.
29日まで。	Ends the 29th.
時間は午前10時～午後５時。	Hours are 10AM to 5PM.
児童遊戯施設と南沼原小、建設概要決まる 山形市｜山形新聞	Construction proposals decided for Minaminumahara Primary School and children's play facility in Yamagata | Yamagata Newspaper
山形市が民間資金活用による社会資本整備（ＰＦＩ）方式で建設計画を進めている、児童遊戯施設と南沼原小新校舎の落札業者が決まり、26日に開かれた市議会常任委員会で施設概要の説明があった。	Successful bidders have been found for the new Minaminumahara Primary School building and a children's play facility, whose planned construction is being advanced by the city of Yamagata as a private finance initiative (PFI) using public funds, and the proposed construction was explained at a meeting of the city council standing committee on the 26th.
山形市片谷地に新設する児童遊戯施設のイメージ図	An image of what the new children's play facility in Katayachi, Yamagata, will look like
児童遊戯施設は、片谷地地区の山形九中北側に建設を予定し、敷地面積約2万3400平方メートル。	The children's play facility will be constructed on the north side of Yamagata Civic 9th Junior High School in Katayachi Ward, on a site approximately 23,400m² in area.
建物は鉄骨平屋で延べ床面積は約3千平方メートル。	The building will be a one-storey steel frame construction with a total floor space of approximately 3,000m².
半地下の体育館やカフェ、図書コーナーなどを備える。	It will feature a semi-underground sports hall, book corner and a café.
また屋外には障害のある子どもも遊べるようなユニバーサルデザインの遊具を備え、300台の駐車スペースを確保する。	Outside will feature universally designed play equipment that is accessible even for children with disabilities, plus 300 parking spaces.
今月5日に市役所で検討委員会が開かれ、13社でつくるシェルターグループ（山形市）が設計や開業準備費、15年間の維持管理・運営費を含め30億5千万円で落札した。	A review committee was held at City Hall on the 5th, and the Shelter Group (Yamagata), which is made up of 13 companies, made a successful bid of 3 billion 50 million yen, which includes the design, opening costs and 15 years' worth of operation, management and maintenance costs.
来年1月から設計・建設に入り、2022年3月の開所を予定する。	Planning and construction will begin from January next year, with an expected opening date in March 2022.
南沼原小新校舎のイメージ図	An image of what the new Minaminumahara Primary School building will look like
南沼原小は児童数900人を超える大規模校。	Minaminumahara Primary School is a large school attended by over 900 children.
同市飯沢の現校舎北側に建設を予定し、敷地面積は約2万1500平方メートル。	The new school building will be built to the north of the current school building located in Izawa, on a site approximately 21,500m² in area.
鉄筋コンクリート3階建てで延べ床面積約8580平方メートル。	It will be a three-storey building made from reinforced concrete, with a total floor space of 8,580m².
教室の数は30で、二つのプール、鉄骨造りの体育館、放課後児童クラブなどがある。	There will be 30 classrooms, two swimming pools, a sports hall made of steel and an after school club.
今月6日の検討委員会で、8社で構成する市村工務店グループ（山形市）が設計や旧校舎解体費、15年間の維持管理・運営費を含め45億121万円で落札した。	At a review committee held on the 6th, the Ichimura Komuten Group (Yamagata), which is made up of 8 companies, made a successful bid of 4 billion 501 million 210 thousand yen, which includes the design, demolishing the old school building and 15 years' worth of operation, management and maintenance costs.
12月に設計・建設に入り、22年10月に完成予定。	Planning and construction will begin from December, with an expected completion date in October 2022.
趣里「今回こそは恋愛成就を ... 」 新木優子＆高良健吾主演のフジ連ドラ「モトカレマニア」出演決定（スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	"This time I will attain love..." Shuri set to appear in the Fuji TV drama, "Ex-Enthusiasts: MotoKare Mania", starring Araki Yuko and Kora Kengo (Sports News) - Yahoo!News
女優・趣里（２９）が、新木優子（２５ ） 、 高良健吾（３１）主演のフジテレビ系新ドラマ「モトカレマニア 」 （ １０月１７日スタート、木曜・後１０時）に出演することが決まった。	Actress Shuri (29) has been cast in Fuji TV's new drama, "Ex-Enthusiasts: MotoKare Mania" (starting Thursday, October 17th, at 10pm), appearing alongside Araki Yuko (25) and Kora Kengo (31).
趣里が演じるのは、浜野謙太（３８）演じる山下章生が勤める大手食品メーカーの同僚・加賀千鶴。	Shuri will play Kaga Chizuru, a colleague at the major food manufacturer where Yamashita Akio, played by Hamano Kenta (38), works.
原作には登場しない、ドラマオリジナルキャラクターの千鶴は、結婚に興味がなく、結婚は自らが経済的に困らないための"手段"だと割り切っている。	Chizuru, an original character for the TV adaptation who does not appear in the original, has no interest in marriage, only seeing it as a means for one to not have to suffer financially.
そこに現れたのが山下。	And then along comes Yamashita.
めったにない北海道から東京本社に栄転を果たした将来性とご飯の食べ方がきれいなところを目の当たりにし 、 " ちょうどいい結婚相手"と、近づいていく。	Exhibiting great prospects as a rare of example of someone who was promoted to the Tokyo headquarters from Hokkaido coupled with an elegant way of eating, he becomes the "ideal marriage partner" and she approaches him.
メンタルが強そうに見える千鶴だが、実は豆腐のようにメンタルは弱い。	Although Chizuru appears to have a strong mentality, she is actually soft like tofu.
傷つかないための恋愛戦略を敷くため、想定通りに物事が運ばないと激しく動揺する。	Because she follows a relationship strategy where she won't get hurt, she becomes very agitated if things don't go as she expected.
虚勢を張って生きる千鶴が、新木優子演じるユリカや山下と出会い、接する中での変わりゆく様が描かれていく。	The story charts how Chizuru, who up until now has been putting on a bold front, meets Yamashita and Yurika, played by Araki Yuko, and slowly begins to change through their shared encounters.
ＮＨＫ連続テレビ小説「とと姉ちゃん 」 （ ２０１６年４月～１０月）や、ＴＢＳ系「ブラックペアン 」 （ ２０１８年４月期）など、話題作に数々出演してきた趣里がフジ系地上波ドラマに出演するのは、今回が初となる。	Shuri has previously appeared in the NHK drama, "Toto Neechan" (April to October 2016), TBS Television's "Black Pean" (April 2018), and many other popular titles, but this will be the first time that she has appeared in a Fuji TV drama for terrestrial television.
趣里は「私はなぜだか恋が実らない役が多いので、今回こそは（恋愛が）成就することを願っています（笑 ） 。加賀千鶴を楽しんで演じたいと思います」とし 、 「 個性と魅力にあふれるキャストの皆さん、スタッフの皆さんとこの"モトカレマニア"の世界をどう創っていけるか私自身楽しみにしています。皆さんに毎週木曜よる１０時が楽しみになるようなドラマになればうれしいです」と視聴者へメッセージを送った。	Speaking about the role, she said, "For some reason I tend to play characters that are unlucky in love, so I hope that this time I will attain [love] (she laughs). I want to have some fun playing Kaga Chizuru," she also had a message for viewers: "I'm really looking forward to seeing how the world of Ex-Enthusiasts: MotoKare Mania unfolds in the hands of the distinctive and fascinating cast and everyone involved with the production. I hope this drama will make you look forward to Thursday evenings at 10 o'clock."
また、千鶴の後輩新入社員・服部紡を大倉空人（１７）が演じることも決定。	It has also been confirmed that Okura Takato (17) will play Hattori Tsumugu, a new hire under Chizuru.
レギュラーキャストの中で最年少となる大倉が、若さあふれるフレッシュな演技を見せていく。	As the youngest of the regular cast members, Okura brings fresh and youthful acting to the production.
GQ MEN の10日間着まわし-Day9「仲間とスケートボード 」 （ GQ JAPAN ） - Yahoo!ニュース	GQ MEN's 10-day Mix-and-Match: Day 9 "Skateboarding with the Crew" (GQ JAPAN) -- Yahoo!News
移動手段はもっぱらスケボー！	I get around exclusively by skateboard!
友達に誘われて滑り始めてからというものハマっています。	I first started skating when a friend invited me and I have been addicted since.
まだまだ初心者なんだけど、アスファルトをプッシュで駆け抜けると気持ちいいんすよ。	I'm still a beginner, but it feels good pushing the asphalt and moving by.
フィルソンのハンティングジャケットはスマホや財布とか荷物を入れられて、ハンズフリーになれるから便利。	It's handy that I can put things like my smartphone and wallet into my Filson Hunting Jacket, freeing up my hands.
ショーツだと風をダイレクトに感じられて気持ちもいい。	With shorts I can feel the wind directly and it feels great.
足もとはもちろん、コンバースのスケボーシューズで軽やかに。	On my feet, of course, are Converse Skate Shoes, light and easy.
スケボー周りのファッションやカルチャーもクールだから雑誌やインスタをこまめにチェックします！	The fashion and culture surrounding skateboarding is cool too so I'm always checking magazines and Instagram!
ヘアカットも祐天寺にあるスケーターの美容師さんが営むサロンに通うようになりました。	For haircuts I've started going to a salon in Yutenji run by a skater hairdresser.
僕がまだ全然できないトリックとかスケボーパークの情報とかいろんなことを教えてもらえて、刺激を受けています。	I get to learn about things like tricks I can't do and skatepark information and it's inspirational.
放課後は友達とスケボーをもって街散策するのが僕たちの日課なんです。	It is my daily routine to grab my skateboard and stroll the city with friends after school.
着まわしアイテム ・ビーニー 1万円〈ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN/メイデンカンパニー TEL03-5410-9777 〉 ・ ベスト 2万3000円〈FILSON/アウターリミッツ TEL03-5413-6957 〉 ・ トップス 1万2000円〈PRE _ / ワグ インク TEL03-5791-1501 〉 ・ ショーツ 6800円〈PROPPER/ハイ! スタンダード TEL03-3464-2109 〉 ・ ソックス 1800円〈CHICSTOCKS/ノーデザイン TEL03-6677-6030 〉 ・ スニーカー1万2000円〈CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING/コンバース インフォメーションストア TEL0120-819-217〉	Mix-and-match items: Beanie 10,000 yen <ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN/Maiden Company TEL03-5410-9777> Vest 23,000 yen <FILSON/Outer Limits TEL03-5413-6957> Top 12,000 yen <PRE _ /WAG, Inc. TEL03-5791-1501> Shorts 6,800 yen <PROPPER/ HIGH! STANDARD TEL03-3464-2109> Socks 1800 yen <CHICSTOCKS/No Dezain TEL03-6677-603> Sneakers 12,000 yen <CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING/Converse Information Store TEL0120-819-217>
厚労相、ハンセン病家族と面会へ 差別解消に３省協議も｜静岡新聞アットエス	Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare to meet families of Hansen's disease patients Plans to hold three-ministerial talks to eliminate discrimination Shizuoka Shimbun @S
加藤勝信厚生労働相は２７日の閣議後記者会見で、ハンセン病元患者の家族らと１０月２日に面会すると明らかにした。	At the press conference after the cabinet meeting on the 27th, Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare Kato Katsunobu said that he would meet with families of former Hansen's disease patients on October 2.
また、元患者や家族に対する差別や偏見の解消に向け、厚労省と文部科学省、法務省での協議を同日開催することも発表した。	He also announced that the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare; Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology; and Ministry of Justice would hold a talk on the same day to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
加藤氏は「ご家族の皆さんの声にしっかり耳を傾け問題解決に全力で取り組みたい」と述べた。	"I would like to listen to the voice of their families carefully and do my best to solve problems," Kato said.
元患者家族を巡っては、熊本地裁が６月の判決で、原告５４１人へ計約３億７６００万円を支払うよう国に命令。	As for family members of former patients, in June, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the government to pay a total of 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs.
安倍晋三首相が控訴見送りを表明し、判決が確定した。	Prime Minister Abe Shinzo announced the government would not appeal to the higher court and the ruling has been finalized.
また、政府として補償措置や人権啓発などの活動に取り組むとしていた。	Abe also stated the government would work on compensation measures and human rights awareness.
男性のモデル志望者にチャンス！	A big opportunity for budding male models!
成田凌ら俳優・タレントとしても幅広く活動するモデル所属 芸能プロ＆モデルエージェンシー35社参加「モデル特別オーディション2019 」 （ デビュー ） - Yahoo!ニュース	The Special Model Auditions 2019 is an event featuring 35 talent and model agencies to which belong models such as Narita Ryo, who are also broadly active as actors and TV personalities (Deview) - Yahoo!News
参加社のなかには、成田凌のようにモデルのみならず、俳優などマルチに才能を発揮する男性モデルの所属事務所も多数参加している。	Among the participating companies, there are many agencies that have male models on their books like Narita Ryo, who are not just models, but exhibit multiple talents such as acting.
【写真】SOSモデルエージェンシー所属：谷口賢志	Photo: Taniguchi Masashi, who belongs to SOS Model Agency
雑誌「MEN`S NON-NO 」 （ 集英社）専属モデルで、映画『人間失格 』 （ 公開中）出演や、映画『カツベン ！ 』（12月13日公開予定）で主演を務めるなど俳優としての評価も高い成田凌が所属する「ソニー・ミュージックアーティスツ 」 。	Narita Ryo, who is an exclusive model for the magazine, "MEN'S NON-NO" (Shueisha), and highly reputed as an actor after appearing in the film, "No Longer Human" (currently showing), and starring in the film, "Katsuben!" (scheduled for release on December 13th), is attached to Sony Music Artists.
ヨウジヤマモトGｒoundY/s'yte広告モデルを務めつつ、映画『仮面ライダーアマゾンズ』アマゾンアルファ／鷹山仁役、舞台『ジョーカーゲーム・ゲーム』結城中佐役などに出演している谷口賢志が所属する「SOSモデルエージェンシー 」 。	Taniguchi Masashi, who works as a promotional model for Yohji Yamamoto's GroundY and S'YTE while appearing as Amazon Alpha/Takayama Jin in the film "Kamen Rider Amazons" and Yuki Chusa in the stage adaptation of "Joker Game", belongs to SOS Model Agency.
舞台「刀剣乱舞」慈伝～日日の葉よ散るらむ～ 次郎太刀役、ハイパープロジェクション演劇「ハイキュー ! ! 」シリーズ 月島蛍役ほか2.5次元舞台での活躍が著しい小坂涼太郎所属の「ジュネス 」 。	Kosaka Ryotaro, who has played remarkable roles in 2.5D productions, such as Jirotachi in the stage production of "Touken Ranbu, Jiden: Hibi No Ya Yo Chiruran", and Tsukishima Kei in the "Hyper Projection Engeki: Haikyu!" series, is a member of Junes.
Amazon Fashon Weekやファッション雑誌のエディトリアルでモデルを務め、最近ではUNIQLO、NIKE、adidasなど様々なブランドモデルでも活躍中の安永創大郎が所属する「NVRMND inc . 」 。	Yasunaga Sotaro, who works in Amazon Fashion Week and as an editorial model for fashion magazines, and is currently going places as a model for brands such as Uniqlo, Nike and Adidas, is attached to NVRMND inc.
WEGO 、コロプラ、LINEB612、 TikTok、Johnson＆JohnsonなどのCMに出演するHIROTO所属の「プレステージ 」 、 参天製薬「サンメディカル」CMのほか、舞台「やさしい悪魔 」 「 秋町トワイライト 」 「 マリーゴールド～絶望の花言葉～」に出演する榮 竜盛所属のクリエートジャパンエージェンシー。	There will also be Prestige, to whom belongs HIROTO, star of commercials for WEGO, COLOPL, LINEB612, TikTok and Johnson & Johnson, as well as Create Japan Agency, to whom belongs Sakae Ryusei, who has appeared in a commercial for Sante Medical, as well as stage productions like "Sweet Devil", "Akimachi Twilight" and "Marigold: Flower of Despair".
『POPEYE 』 『 Smart』などメンズファッション誌をはじめ、女性誌にも多数出演。	In addition to men's fashion magazines such as "POPEYE" and "Smart", there are also appearances in many women's magazines.
国内外のブランドのLOOKBOOK、広告など幅広く活躍中のHAYASEが所属する「バークインスタイル」など、多数のモデル事務所が参加している。	A large number of model agencies are participating, including Bark in Style, to whom belongs HAYASE, who is currently engaged in a wide range of advertisements and lookbooks around the world.
芥川自殺前の自筆原稿を初公開へ 衰弱と悲壮の文学論｜静岡新聞アットエス	Akutagawa's posthumous handwritten manuscript exhibited for the first time Literary theory of deterioration and tragedy Shizuoka Shimbun @S
田端文士村記念館で初公開される芥川龍之介の自筆原稿	Akutagawa Ryunosuke's handwritten manuscript exhibited for the first time at the Tabata Memorial Museum of Writers and Artists
作家の芥川龍之介（１８９２～１９２７年）が、谷崎潤一郎と文学論を戦わせた最晩年に発表した随筆「続文芸的な、余りに文芸的な」の自筆原稿を、東京都北区の田端文士村記念館が２７日までに入手した。	The Tabata Memorial Museum of Writers and Artists in Kita-ku, Tokyo, acquired on or before the 27th, the handwritten manuscript for the essay "Literary, All Too Literary 2" published in his later years by author Akutagawa Ryunosuke (1822-1927), who has been engaged in a literacy spat with Tanizaki Junichiro.
１０月１日から同館で展示する。	It will be exhibited at the museum from October 1st.
全集に収録されるなど随筆の存在は知られていたが、自筆原稿が一般公開されるのは初めてという。	Though the existence of the essay was well known as being included in his complete collection, this will be the first time his handwritten manuscript is exhibited to the public.
芥川が自殺を遂げる数カ月前に執筆したとみられ、記念館研究員の種井丈さんは「心身共に衰弱した芥川が、悲壮な覚悟で文学上の難題と真摯に向き合った姿がうかがえる」と話している。	It is believed that Akutagawa wrote this several months prior to his suicide, and Tanei Jo, the museum's curator commented, "It shows how Akutagawa, who had been debilitated both physically and mentally, committed himself to finding the answer to the greatest question in literature with tragic yet brave determination."
２００字詰めの原稿用紙計１２枚の随筆は 、 「 文芸春秋」２７年４月号に掲載された。	The 12 page essay, written on 200 character manuscript papers, was published in 2015, in the April issue of Bungeishunju.
グレタ・トゥーンべリさん「なぜ大人たちは子どもをあざ笑い、脅すのか」 Twitterで疑問を呈す。	Greta Thunberg wonders on Twitter "why adults choose to spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children".
ニューヨークで開かれた国連気候行動サミットで9月23日にスピーチをしたスウェーデンの環境活動家グレタ・トゥーンベリさん。	Greta Thunberg, the Swedish environmental activist, gave a speech at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York on September 23rd.
そのスピーチが注目されている一方で、グレタさんを侮辱するような発信が出てきている。	While her speech has garnered attention, messages insulting Greta have also emerged from some quarters.
【ツイート集】グレタ・トゥーンべリさん「なぜ大人たちは子どもをあざ笑い、脅すのか」	Collection of Tweets from Greta Thunberg: "I honestly don't understand why adults would choose to spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children"
政治評論家が、アメリカのテレビ番組でグレタさんについて「精神的に病んでいる。両親や国際的な左翼に利用されている」と発言し、起用したテレビ局は謝罪した。	A political commentator speaking about Greta on an American TV show said, "mentally ill child who is being exploited by her parents and by the international left" after which the television station that had interviewed him apologised.
日本でもネット上には、グレタさんについて「利用されていてかわいそう 」 「 学校に行った方がいい」などと、グレタさんの発言内容ではない部分を論評するような発信が多く出ている。	Even in Japan, many comments online say things like "I feel sorry for her because she's just being used" and "She should be going to school", focusing on Greta herself rather than the content of what she is saying.
そんな中、グレタさんは9月26日、自身のTwitterに 、 「 なぜ大人たちは10代の若者や子どもたちをあざ笑い、脅すのに時間を使うのか」などと投稿した。	Meanwhile, on September 26th, Greta posted to her Twitter, "I honestly don't understand why adults would choose to spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children."
「考えうる限りの嘘や陰謀論を思いついてくる」	"They come up with every thinkable lie and conspiracy theory"
グレタさんは 、 「 ほら、また始まった。お気付きの通り、私を嫌う人たちは相変わらず活動的です。私の見た目、私の服、私の態度、そして私が人と違う所を、追いかけ回してくる。彼らは、考えうる限りの嘘や陰謀論を思いついてくる」と投稿を始めた。	Greta started the thread with "Here we go again... As you may have noticed, the haters are as active as ever - going after me, my looks, my clothes, my behaviour and my differences. They come up with every thinkable lie and conspiracy theory."
そして、大人たちは気候や環境上の危機について向き合いたくないがために、話の論点をずらしているように見えると指摘した上で、こうつづった。	She went on to point out that adults seem to have shifted the discussion because they don't want to face the climate and environmental crises, continuing the thread as follows.
なぜ大人たちは10代の若者や子どもたちをあざ笑い、脅すのに時間を使うのか、正直な所、私には理解できない。	I honestly don't understand why adults would choose to spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children.
その時間に別の良いことができるだろうに。	They could do something good with that time instead.
私が思うに、彼らは私たちに脅かされていると感じているのだろう。	I guess they must simply feel so threatened by us.
しかし、これ以上彼らに関心を払うことにあなたの時間を消費してはいけない。	But don’t waste your time giving them any more attention.
世界は目覚め始めている。	The world is waking up.
変化はきている。	Change is coming.
大人たちがその変化を好きでも、好きじゃなくても。	Whether adults like the change or not.
金曜に、路上で会いましょう！	See you in the streets this Friday!
前週の金曜である20日にはニューヨークなど世界各地で気候変動に関するストライキなどが行われた。	Last week on Friday the 20th, strikes for the climate happened in New York and other parts of the world.
グレタさんは、27日の金曜日にも行うことを呼びかけていた。	Now, Greta is calling for further strikes to be held on Friday the 27th.
ハフポスト日本版編集部	HuffPost Japanese Edition
【番組審議会】秋田テレビ（産経新聞 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Akita Television's Programming Commission (The Sankei News) - Yahoo!News
秋田テレビの第４３２回放送番組審議会（江畠清彦会長）が開かれ、８月１６日放送の「編集者・料理のプロ・著名人が推す！本当に美味い秋田のカレー」について審議した。	The 432rd Broadcast Programming Commission for Akita Television (chaired by Ebata Kiyohiko) took place during which they discussed the show, "Delectable Akita Curry, Recommended by Editors, Pro Chefs and Celebrities!", that was broadcast on August 16th.
同番組はそれぞれのイチ推しカレー店や、家庭でプロの味を楽しむポイント、こだわりのレトルトカレー誕生秘話などを紹介した。	In the show, a number of topics were introduced, including a number of highly recommended curry restaurants, tips for how to enjoy professional flavours at home and the untold story of the birth of outstanding boil-in-the-bag curry.
委員からは「シンプルでコンセプトやテーマが明確だ 」 「 最後まで興味津々で見られた。カレーパンなども登場してテンポがあった 」 「 グルメサイトとは違う視点で見ることができた」などの意見が出た一方で 、 「 再現ドラマが長い 」 「 プロのカレー作りのワンポイントアドバイスがほしかった」といった意見も出た。	While some commission members said, "It was simple, the concept and theme was clear," "I watched to the end with great interest. It had a good tempo, and they even showed curry bread" and "I was able to see them in a different light compared to on a restaurant listings site," still others were of the opinion that "The re-enactment was too long" and "I would have liked some pro tips on making curry".
星野陸也「ラフの芝目が普段と違い勉強になった」経験を活かし逆転での賞金王を狙う（ゴルフネットワーク ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Hoshino Rikuya: "The grass in the rough was different from the usual, I learned a lot," aims to use his experience to make a turn-around for the top prize (Golf Network) - Yahoo! News
日韓亜ツアー共催大会「シンハンドンヘオープン」は22日、韓国のBear's Best Cheongnaゴルフクラブ（7238ヤード・パー71）で最終ラウンドが行われ、星野陸也が1イーグル、2バーディ、1ボギーの「68」で回り、日本勢トップとなる通算9アンダー単独5位で大会を終えた。	The final round of the Japan-Korea-Asia Tour joint sponsored tournament, "Shinhan Donghae Open," was held on the 22nd at South Korea's Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238 yards, par 71) and Hoshino Rikuya completed the tournament with one eagle, two birdies, and one bogey at a score of 68, as the top Japanese with a total of 9 under and an individual 5th place.
【動画】日本にやってくる！	(Video) Coming to Japan!
ガルシアのウェッジショット	Garcia's Wedge Shot
前半である程度伸ばせたので、後半その勢いで行けると思いましたが、パターがなかなか上手くいかず伸ばすことが出来なかったので、そこが悔しかったです。	I was able to make it to some extent in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half, but I just couldn't get the putter to go well and couldn't make it further, so that was frustrating.
―6番のイーグル、7番のバーディで優勝が見えた？	-- Could you see a victory with the eagle in the sixth and the birdie in the seventh?
4番でボギーを打った後も、パー5も残っていたので、取り返す気持ちでやっていたら、6番でチップインイーグルがきてくれました。	After hitting the bogey on the fourth I had a whole 5 par remaining so I played wanting to take it back and then the chip in eagle came in the 6th.
7番でもバーディが獲れてチャンスになれたのですが、やっぱり後半で伸ばせなかったことが悔しかったです。	I got the birdie on the 7th and there was a chance, but I regret that in the end I couldn't make it in the second half.
―今大会で得たことは？	-- What did you get out of this tournament?
最近（ショットの）調子が良くなかったので、フェアウェイが狭いコースでもしっかりキープ出来たことは良かったです。	Recently my condition (of my shot) hasn't been good so it was good that I could keep solidly to the fairway even on a course where it was narrow.
ラフも順目と逆目がバラバラで打ち方も距離も変わってくるコースだったので、あまり（経験が）無かったので結構勉強になりました。	It was a course where the rough was into-the-grain and against-the-grain randomly and one where the way of hitting and distance changes, so this was something I had not had much (experience) of before so I learned quite a lot.
―普段の大会との違いは？	-- What was the difference to regular tournaments?
（スマホなどの）カメラ撮影が可能だったところとかですね。	(Smartphones and other) camera photography was allowed.
自分は全然気にならなかったですけど、結構ギャラリーの方は動画とか撮っていましたよ。	It didn't bother me at all, but there were a lot of people in the gallery taking videos.
それ以外で変わったところはあまり無かったですけど、ただ共催で日本人選手が少ない大会なので、その分「海外の選手には負けないぞ」という気持ちで試合に臨みました。	There wasn't much else different besides that, but because it was a joint sponsored tournament with few Japanese athletes, I approached the match with the sentiment "I can't lose to the overseas players!"
後半戦これから続きますけど、1勝以上しないと賞金王を狙う為にはいけないのでもう1勝挙げたいですし、間近ではZOZO選手権もあるのでそこまでの大会で上位に入って出場資格を獲れるように頑張ります。	The second half will start, but I can't aim for the top prize if I don't win one or more so I want to get one more win, and the ZOZO Championship is also coming up so to qualify I also want to do my best to get in the top ranks in the tournaments leading up to it.
認知症になるのを予防して"もの忘れ"程度に留める方法とは？	How to prevent dementia and keep it at a merely "forgetful" stage?
取材・文／渡辺陽（わたなべ・よう）	Interview and story by Watanabe Yo
大手製薬企業や大学病院が研究開発にチャレンジしては挫折している認知症の薬。	Major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals are attempting to research and develop a drug for dementia, something that remains an elusive goal.
しかし、認知症と生活習慣の関係が解明されつつあり、極めて軽症、もの忘れ程度に留めることができる可能性もあることが分かってきたそうです。	However, it's becoming clearer that dementia and lifestyle are related, and it has been discovered that it is possible to keep it at bay so that it does not advance past a merely forgetful level, and the symptoms are negligible.
近畿大学病院 脳卒中センター 大槻俊輔教授に話を聞きました。	I spoke to Professor Otsuki Shunsuke at the Kinki University Hospital Stroke Centre to find out more.
認知症はなくならない	Dementia never fully goes away
― ― 認知症予防、あるいは治療薬が待望されていますが、現状はどうなのでしょうか。	A cure or prevention for dementia has been long-awaited, but what is the current state of progress?
大槻 軽症から重症まで、程度の違いこそあれ、誰もが年齢を重ねると認知症になる可能性があります。	Otsuki: As we age, it's possible for anyone to suffer from dementia, though there are varying degrees of severity, from mild to quite serious indeed.
しかし、新規の認知症の薬が開発されるには、まだ20年以上かかると考えられています。	However, it is thought that it will still take more than twenty years before a novel dementia drug is developed.
日本でよく使われているドネペジルという薬も、海外の一部の国では既に保険適応外になっていて、顕著な完治効果は期待できません。	Donepezil, the drug commonly used in Japan, is already not covered by insurance, so we can't hope for it to be a miraculous cure.
一方、感染症や事故による死亡が減少し、がん死亡も抗がん剤等の治療のめざましい進歩で減少している中、人は長生きできるようになりました。	Meanwhile, people can now live longer lives thanks to fewer deaths from infectious diseases and accidents, and deaths from cancer are also decreasing thanks to the startling progress that has been made in anti-cancer treatments.
そのため、認知症患者が増えているのも事実です。	Because of that, the fact is that cases of dementia are on the rise.
本人や家族だけで解決できるものではなく、社会全体として地域で安心して暮らせる環境を整えていく必要があります。	It's not a problem that can be solved by the individual and their family alone, it's also necessary for society as a whole to create an environment so that they can live safely in the community.
「もの忘れ」程度に留める方法	How to keep dementia at a "forgetful" level
― ― 認知症になりやすい人、なりにくい人はいるのでしょうか。	Are there any kinds of people who are more prone to dementia, or who are less likely to get it?
大槻 認知症になるのは避けられないとしても、できるだけ症状を抑えて 、 「 もの忘れ」程度に留められる可能性はあります。	Otsuki: Even if dementia is not completely avoidable, it is possible to suppress the symptoms to the extent that it is nothing more than forgetfulness.
認知症は、生活習慣病のひとつとして考えられていて、なりやすい人には傾向があるのです。	Dementia is considered a lifestyle-related disease and there are certain trends among people who are more prone.
まず、メタボの人は、認知症になりやすい傾向にあります。	Firstly, overweight people are far more likely to get dementia.
認知症は生活習慣病のひとつとして捉えられているのです。	Dementia is treated as a lifestyle-related disease.
肥満、高血圧、糖尿病、高コレステロール血症の組み合わせです。	It is a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes and high cholesterol.
経済力の有無も影響します。	Finances are also a factor.
たとえば、米国には、貧困層にフードチケットという食券を配布している地域がありますが、フードチケットでもらえる食品は、保存可能な冷凍のハンバーグやピザやチキンです。	For example, in some parts of the US, food stamps are given out to the poorer members of society, and the foods that you can receive with food stamps are things with a long shelf life such as frozen hamburgers, pizza and chicken.
ガスも電気も使うことができず、そもそも料理ができない環境で生活している人が利用できます。	They can be used by people who live in an environment where they cannot cook in the first place, because they don't have gas or electricity.
すると、野菜やたんぱく質が少ない食事になってしまい、脂質や糖質に偏った生活になってしまいます。	This results in a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, leading to an unbalanced lifestyle that is high in fat and sugar.
やがて、貧困だが肥満になり、やることといえばテレビをぼーっと見るしかなく、身体が不自由になってしまいます。	Eventually, they end up poor but obese, with nothing to do but tune out in front of the TV, and they become physically impaired.
似たような状況が日本でもありうるのです。	I believe a similar situation could exist in Japan.
その他、物事を考えない、働かない人も認知症になりやすい傾向にあります。	Also, people who don't have anything to think about, or who don't work, tend to be more prone to dementia.
つまり、認知症を予防するには、メタボにならない、日頃から本を読んで物事を考える必要があるのです。	In other words, it's important to not become obese and to read books and consider things regularly to stave off dementia.
大阪で岡山観光・特産品ＰＲ 備中マルシェ 満奇洞ＶＲも登場：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	PR for Okayama tourism and specialty products in Osaka: VR of Maki-do Cave also makes an appearance -- Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sandigi
備中エリアの観光地や特産品をＰＲする「おかやま晴れの国 備中マルシェ 」 （ 県備中県民局など主催）が２７日、ＪＲ大阪駅の広場で２日間の日程で始まった。	The "Land of Sunshine Okayama Bichu Marche" (Organized by the Okayamaken Bitchu Prefectural Bureau and others) promoting tourism and specialty products from the Bichu area began its two-day program at an open plaza at JR Osaka Station the on the 27th.
今月初め、局地的豪雨に見舞われた新見市は満奇洞のＶＲ（仮想現実）体験コーナーを設け、関西圏の人たちに魅力を売り込んだ。	Niimi City, which was hit with localized torrential rains early this month, set up an experience area with a VR (virtual reality) of Maki-do Cave to appeal to the people of Kansai.
倉敷、笠岡、井原、総社、新見、浅口、矢掛の７市町が参加。	The seven participating towns and cities are Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ibara, Soja, Niimi, Asakuchi and Yakage.
マスキングテープを使ったうちわ作り（倉敷市 ） 、 デニムキーホルダー作り（井原市 ） 、 天文台の望遠鏡にちなんだ万華鏡作製（浅口市）などのコーナーがあり、駅利用者らが立ち寄った。	Station users stopped by the booths which included masking tape fan-making (Kurashiki City), denim keychain-making (Ibara City), and kaleidoscope-making fashioned after the observational telescope (Asakuchi City).
満奇洞のＶＲ体験では、来場者が専用のゴーグルを使い、洞内の散策を疑似体験した。	In the Maki-do Cave VR experience, visitors used specialized goggles to experience a simulated walk inside the cave.
兵庫県伊丹市の女性（５２）は「左を向けば左側、右を見たら右側の景色が見え、本当に中を歩いている感じがした。機会があれば本物の満奇洞も体験してみたい」と話した。	A woman (age 52) from Itami City in Hyogo Prefecture remarked "When I turned to the left, I saw the scenery on the left, and when I turned right I saw to the right, and it really felt like I was walking inside. If I have a chance I would like to experience the real Maki-do Cave."
貴源治、けん責に反省の弁 貴ノ富士の弟、指導逸脱行為｜静岡新聞アットエス	Takanofuji's brother Takagenji shows remorse for ignoring guidance | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
大相撲で付け人力士への暴行などで日本相撲協会から自主的な引退を促された十両貴ノ富士の双子の弟、幕内貴源治が２８日、指導の範囲を逸脱した行為でけん責処分を受けたことに「しっかりと受け止める。来場所からはゼロではなく、マイナスからスタートする」と反省の弁を述べた。	On the 28th, Takagenji, twin brother of the disgraced Juryo division sumo wrestler Takanofuji, who was urged to retire from the Japan Sumo Association after assaulting his personal attendant, has himself reflected on the disciplinary action for acting outside of guidance, saying, "I fully accept the decision. The next tournament will start not at zero, but at a minus position."
花相撲に参加した東京・両国国技館で取材に応じた。	He was speaking in an interview after participating in a tournament at the Ryogoku Kokugikan Sumo Arena in Tokyo.
貴ノ富士は２７日に現役続行を希望する記者会見を独断で開いた。	Takanofuji, acting on his own authority, held a press conference on the 27th, announcing his desire to continue as a wrestler.
貴源治は会見の実施を報道で知り「やめた方がいい」と助言したが、それ以降は連絡が取れなくなったという。	Takagenji first learned of his brother's intention to hold a press conference when it was reported, and advised him not to do it, but said that he hasn't been able to contact him since then.
「育った環境は同じだが、兄と自分は考え方も違う」と話した。	"Even though we were brought up in the same environment, my brother and I have different ways of thinking," he said.
ジャガー F-PACE、初の大幅改良へ...ハイブリッド化の可能性も（レスポンス ） - Yahoo!ニュース	First major improvements made to the Jaguar F-PACE, including the possibility of hybridization (Response) - Yahoo!News
ジャガー初のクロスオーバーSUV 、 『 F-PACE（Fペイス ） 』 改良新型プロトタイプを、南ヨーロッパでカメラが初めて捉えた。	A new, improved prototype of the F-PACE, Jaguar's first crossover SUV, was caught on camera for the first time in Southern Europe.
F-PACEは、2013年に初公開された4シーターコンセプトSUV『C-X17』が起源となっている。	The F-PACE originates from the C-X17, a 4-seater concept SUV that was unveiled in 2013.
その後2014年には5シーター版が公開され、2015年のフランクフルトモーターショーで「F-PACE」として正式にデビュー。	A 5-seater version was subsequently revealed in 2014, before officially debuting as the F-PACE at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
翌2016年に初代となる現行モデルが発売され、今回が初のフェイスリフトとなる。	The first, and current, generation model went on sale a year later in 2016, and this will be the first facelift that it has received since then.
捉えたプロトタイプは、分厚いカモフラージュで覆われているが、新デザインの一部が見てとれる。	The photographed prototype is covered with dense camouflage, but some of the new design is visible.
ヘッドライトはよりコンパクトに、そして薄くデザインされているほか、サイドエアインテークもスポーティな楕円形へ修正されているようだ。	In addition to more compact headlights with a sleek design, the side air intakes have also been modified to more sporty oval shapes.
グリルは完全に偽装されているが、再設計されるのは間違いないだろう。	The grill was completely disguised, but no doubt that it too will have been redesigned.
リアエンドでは、上部に細長いリバースライトを装備する、刷新されたテールライトの一部が確認できる。	At the rear of the car, parts of the new taillights are visible, with elongated reverse lights placed above.
現行モデルのようにサイドへ大きく回り込むデザインが、コンパクトに修正されている可能性もありそうだ。	It also seems that the design of the current model, that sees the lights sweep round to the sides, has been modified to be more compact.
キャビン内では、同社の「Pivi Pro」タッチスクリーンインフォテイメントシステムの搭載が見込まれているほか、新しいデジタルクラスタ、HVACコントロールスクリーン、ステアリングホイール、ギアセレクターなどがリフレッシュされるだろう。	The inside of the car is expected to be kitted out with Jaguar's "Pivi Pro" touchscreen infotainment system, as well as a new digital cluster, HVAC control screen and a refreshed steering wheel and gear selector.
パワートレインは、2.0リットル直列4気筒ターボディーゼルのほか、ハイブリッド化された3.0リットル直列6気筒インジニウムの設定が期待されている。	The powertrain options are likely to be a 2.0l straight-four turbo diesel engine or a 3.0l straight-six Ingenium hybrid engine.
ワールドプレミアは、2020年内となりそうだ。	We're sure to see the world premiere of this car before the end of 2020.
原発関連工事で売上急増 元助役へ３億円提供の会社｜静岡新聞アットエス	Revenue related to nuclear power plant construction suddenly increased after company offered 300 million yen to former assistant official | Shizuoka Newspaper @S
関西電力本店＝２７日午後、大阪市（共同通信社ヘリから）	Kansai Electric Power's head office, Osaka, on the afternoon of the 27th (taken from a Kyodo News helicopter)
関西電力の八木誠会長（６９）らが関電高浜原発が立地する福井県高浜町の元助役森山栄治氏（今年３月に９０歳で死亡）から金品を受領していた問題で、森山氏に約３億円を提供した地元の建設会社は、原発関連工事の受注により、ここ数年で売上高を大幅に伸ばしていたことが分かった。	In the ongoing case where KEPCO's Chairman Yagi Makoto (69) and associates were found to have accepted money and goods from Moriyama Eiji (who died in March of this year, aged 90), a former assistant official of Takahama-cho, Fukui Prefecture, where KEPCO's Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is located, it has now been revealed that a local construction company which had offered 300 million yen to Moriyama has significantly increased its sales in recent years through construction orders related to the nuclear power plant.
建設会社は１９８１年設立の「吉田開発 」 。	The construction company is Yoshida Kaihatsu, founded in 1981.
信用調査会社によると、２０１３年８月期の売上高は３億５千万円だったが、１５年８月期は１０億円を超え、１８年８月期には２１億円を上回った。	According to the credit rating agency, sales for the month of August 2013 were 350 million yen, which rose to over 1 billion yen in 2015, and 2.1 billion yen in 2018, for the same period.
関電の原発関連工事が業務の多くを占めていた。	Construction related to KEPCO's nuclear power plant accounted for much of the work.
鹿児島市であおり運転 「殺すぞ」 男を脅迫の疑いで逮捕（ＫＴＳ鹿児島テレビ ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Reckless driver arrested in Kagoshima after threatening to kill another road user (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo!News
今月２４日、鹿児島市の国道で、車両を執拗に追いかける「あおり運転」をしたうえ、運転していた男性を「殺すぞ」などと脅迫した疑いで３３歳の無職の男が逮捕されました。	On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on a national highway in Kagoshima after not only persistently tailgating another driver, but also allegedly threatening the man, saying that he would "kill him".
脅迫の疑いで逮捕されたのは鹿児島市唐湊４丁目の無職、宮原勝（３３）容疑者です。	The suspect who was arrested on suspicion of intimidation is the unemployed Miyahara Masaru (33) from 4-chome, Toso, Kagoshima.
警察によりますと宮原容疑者は今月２４日午前０時すぎ鹿児島市の国道で２４歳の男性が運転する車両を執拗に追いかけるなどした上交差点で「殺すぞ」などと、男性を脅迫した疑いが持たれています。	According to the police, Miyahara is suspected of relentlessly tailgating a car being driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima after midnight on the 24th, then threatening to kill the other man when they were at an intersection.
２５日、男性は被害届を提出していて警察は調べを進めていましたが、２６日午後、宮原容疑者が「テレビやＳＮＳであおり運転の映像が取り上げられ怖くなった」と友人に付き添われて警察署に出頭し、逮捕されました。	On the 25th, the man filed a complaint and police hastened to investigate the incident, however, in the afternoon the next day on the 26th, Miyahara, accompanied by a friend, turned himself in at the police station, where he was arrested; he said, "I got scared because footage of me driving recklessly appeared on TV and social media."
宮原容疑者は容疑を認めていて動機について「急ブレーキをかけさせられた」と話しているということです。	Miyahara has acknowledged the charges, saying the motive was because the other driver braked suddenly in front of him.
警察では宮原容疑者が無免許で運転していた疑いもあるとみて調べています。	Police believe that Miyahara may have been driving without a license, and so the investigation is currently ongoing.
NEWS・小山慶一郎の1日の食事内容を大公開！	NEWS member Koyama Keiichiro's daily meal contents revealed!
＜TOKYO MX「小山慶一郎の健者のBORDER30」＞（ザテレビジョン ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Tokyo MX "Koyama Keiichiro's Healthy Border 30" (The Television ) - Yahoo!News
9月27日 (金) に、NEWSの小山慶一郎がMCを務める新健康促進バラエティー「小山慶一郎の健者のBORDER30～専門医が導く健康への分かれ道～ 」 (TOKYO MX) の第3回が放送。	On Friday, September 27th, the third episode of "Koyama Keiichiro's Healthy Border 30 - Health Specialists Guide Us Down the Forks in the Road to Good Health", a new variety TV show on promoting good health that sees Koyama Keiichiro of NEWS taking on MC duties, will be aired.
収録を終えた小山からコメントも到着した。	A comment arrived from Koyama after he finished recording.
【画像を見る】	View images
将来健康でいるためには、30代の過ごし方が重要...健康について小山慶一郎が学ぶ！	How you live your life in your 30s is the key to staying healthy in the future...Koyama Keiichiro learns about health!
本番組は、35歳を迎え自身の健康について気になり始めた小山が、健康について知りたいことを学んでいく 、 " 若者のための健康番組 " 。	The show is a health program aimed at young people in which Koyama, who began to take more of an interest in his own health when he turned 35, learns all about health topics he is curious about.
番組には、さまざまな分野の専門医が出演し、小山やゲストの疑問に答えていく。	Specialists in various fields appear on the show and answer questions from Koyama and his guests.
今回のテーマは「ビタミン 」 。	The theme for the third episode is "vitamins".
ゲストに野沢直子、ダイアナ・エクストラバガンザを迎え、ビタミンの種類やそれぞれの働きについて学んでいく。	The guests invited are Nozawa Naoko and Diana Extravaganza, who will learn all about the different types of vitamins and their functions.
また、日頃から健康に気を付けている小山が、ビタミンが足りているのかを確かめるべく、1日の食事内容を公開する企画も。	What's more, Koyama, who always pays close attention to his health, plans to reveal the contents of the meals he has in a day, to see if he's getting enough vitamins.
今回の収録を終えた小山は 、 「 ビタミンがどのように自分の健康に関わっているのか、分かっているようで分かっていない方が多いと思いますし、特定のビタミンだけを摂ってもダメという、ビタミンに関して持っている勘違いをこの番組で解消してほしいです ！ 」とコメントを寄せている。	After he had finished taping the episode, Koyama commented, "I think many people like to think they know, but don't really understand how vitamins are related to their health, so, through this show, I want to eliminate some of the misconceptions about vitamins, like the fact that it's no good if you only take certain vitamins! ".
オンサリゴさんに力もらった 長井・小学生陸上でペースメーカー務め、３人が大会記録更新｜山形新聞	Onsarigo lends strength as a pacemaker at Nagai Primary School athletics tournament, leading to three pupils setting new records | Yamagata Newspaper
女子８００メートルで力走する児童たち。	Children running with all their might in the girls' 800m.
左はペースメーカーのジョセフ・オンサリゴさん＝長井市・光洋精機アスリートフィールド長井	On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo, Koyo Seiki Athletic Field, Nagai
長井市小学校親善陸上大会が26日、同市の光洋精機アスリートフィールド長井（市陸上競技場）で開かれ、一部レースで那須建設（同市）所属の長距離ランナー、ジョセフ・オンサリゴさん（27）＝ケニア出身＝がペースメーカーを務めた。	The Nagai City Primary School Friendly Track Meet was held at the Koyo Seiki Athletic Field (municipal athletics stadium) in Nagai on the 26th, during which Kenyan-born long distance runner Joseph Onsarigo (27), who is affiliated with Nagai's Nas Construction, acted as a pacemaker for some of the races.
軽やかな走りで3人の大会新記録を"お膳立て"した。	With light steps, he helped three participants set new records at the tournament.
オンサリゴさんは男子1000メートルと女子800メートルの計4レースで児童を引っ張った。	Onsarigo led the children in a total of four races, including the boys' 1,000m and girls' 800m.
男子は1位の小関知弥君（平野小6年）が3分4秒38、女子は1位の志釜蘭星（らら）さん（伊佐沢小6年）が2分34秒17、2位の浅野凜さん（長井小6年）が2分35秒73をマークし、それぞれ大会記録を上回った。	For the boys, Koseki Tomoya (6th grade at Hirano Primary School) took first place, marking a time of 3:04.38, whereas for the girls, Shikama Rara (6th grade at Isazawa Primary School) came first with a time of 2:34.17, followed by Asano Rin (6th grade at Nagai Primary School) in second place with a time of 2:35.73, all of which beat previous tournament records.
小関君は「速いオンサリゴ選手についていくのはきつかったけど我慢できた 」 、 志釜さんは「オンサリゴ選手は『ペースアップ』と声を掛けてくれた 」 。	Koseki said, "It was tough keeping up with super fast Onsarigo, but I managed to hang in there," while Shikama said, " Onsarigo called out to me, encouraging me to speed up."
オンサリゴ選手は「子どもたちの走りが良かった。自分も完璧な仕事ができた」と喜んだ。	Onsarigo commented, gleefully, "The children ran well, and it was the perfect job for me to do."
大会は市内の小学6年生に親睦を深めてもらおうと長井市小学校体育振興会などが主催し、39回目。	The event was the 39th such event, and was organised by the city's Society for the Promotion of Primary School Physical Education, in order to encourage deeper friendships among 6th graders at different schools around the city.
西田敏行、嫉妬心メラメラの中尾彬を「レベルが違う」と一蹴「私は紅白に３回出た 」 （ スポーツ報知 ） - Yahoo!ニュース	Nishida Toshiyuki puts envious Nakao Akira in his place, "We're on a different level", "I've appeared on the Red and White Song Battle three times" (Sports News) - Yahoo!News
俳優の西島秀俊（４８ ） 、 西田敏行（７１ ） 、 中尾彬（７７）らが２７日、東京・ＴＯＨＯシネマズ新宿で映画「任侠学園 」 （ 今野敏原作、木村ひさし監督）の公開初日舞台あいさつを行った。	Actors Nishijima Hidetoshi (48), Nishida Toshiyuki (71), Nakao Akira (77) were in Tokyo on the 27th to give a speech at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku at the premiere of their new film, "Ninkyo Gakuen"(originally written by Konno Bin, directed by Kimura Hisashi).
個性的で濃いキャストをそろえた世直し人情コメディ。	It's a comedy about kindness and making the world a better place, featuring a strong and individualistic cast.
西田は出演だけでなく挿入歌として「また逢う日まで」のアレンジ版を東京スカパラダイスオーケストラとのタッグで披露。	Nishida not only acted in the film, he also appears on the soundtrack, singing an arrangement of "Until We Meet Again" with Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
これに中尾は「映画を見て一番悔しかったのは、西田が歌っていたこと」と嫉妬心メラメラ。	Regarding this, Nakao said, "When I saw the film, I was annoyed because Nishida sings," consumed with envy.
西田は自慢するように「過去"紅白"に３回出てましてね。できれば俳優というより歌手と言っていただきたい。（中尾とは）レベルが違う」ときっぱり。	But Nishida boastfully and frankly replied, "I've appeared on the Red and White Song Battle three times in the past. If it were possible, I would rather people call me singer rather than an actor. (You and I) are on a different level."
そして「この映画の満員御礼が続けば、そのときに」と生歌を披露することを約束した。	He also promised to perform live if the film continued to do well.
異世界へいざなう最先端アート 岡山芸術交流が市中心部で開幕：山陽新聞デジタル｜さんデジ	Cutting-edge art beckons to a different world: Okayama Art Summit opens in city center -- Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sandigi
３千年後の未来を描く映像作品の舞台となった教室を巡る人たち＝旧内山下小学校	People walking around classrooms that are the setting for a film piece depicting the future 3000 years from now -- Former Uchisange Elementary School
岡山市中心部を舞台に３年ごとに催す国際美術展「岡山芸術交流２０１９ 」 （ 市、県などでつくる実行委主催）が２７日、開幕した。	The international art exhibition held every three years in the center of Okayama City, "Okayama Art Summit 2019" (organized by the executive committee formed by the City, Prefecture and others) opened on the 27th.
「ＩＦ ＴＨＥ ＳＮＡＫＥ もし蛇が」という謎めいたタイトルに沿って、９カ国１８組のアーティストが手掛けた最先端アートを、国内外の美術ファンらが楽しんでいる。	Art fans from Japan and abroad are enjoying cutting-edge artwork created by 18 artists from 9 countries in line with the mysterious title, "If the Snake."
１６年に続き２回目となる今回は、フランスの美術家ピエール・ユイグさんをアーティスティックディレクターに迎え、岡山の風土や地域資源を生かした作品を展開。	The second run since 2016, this time the Summit welcomes French artist Pierre Huyghe as the artistic director and has developed artworks that make use of Okayama's natural features and local resources.
旧内山下小（岡山市北区丸の内）や県天神山文化プラザ（同天神町）など１３カ所で映像や立体作品など約４０点を披露する。	Roughly 40 film and three-dimensional artworks will be shown at 13 locations including the former Uchisange Elementary School (Marunouchi in Kita Ward, Okayama City) and Tenjinyama Cultural Plaza of Okayama Prefecture (Tenjin Town).
開幕に先立ち、同小でオープニングセレモニーがあり、関係者ら約百人が出席。	Prior to the opening, an opening reception was held at the elementary school and about 100 people related to the event attended.
実行委会長の大森雅夫市長、石川康晴総合プロデューサーらが「知的感性が刺激され、想像力や創造力がかきたてられる作品がそろった。世界から注目される展覧会になれば」などとあいさつし、テープカットした。	Head of the executive committee, City Mayor Omori Masao, and general producer Ishikawa Yasuharu performed the tape-cut, making the address, "We've collected artworks that stimulate the intellect and inspire imagination and creativity. We hope this exhibition gains worldwide attention."
早速訪れた家族連れや校外学習の児童らは、校庭の土俵で周囲の音に反応して体をくねらせるヘビ型ロボットに見入ったり、３千年後の世界を描く映像作品の舞台に変ぼうした校舎内を巡ったり。	Families and children doing off-campus learning came and watched a robotic snake twisting its body in response to surrounding sounds in the Sumo ring in the schoolyard, and perused the inside of the school building which had been transformed into the setting for an artistic film depicting the world 3000 years into the future.
異世界にいざなうアートを満喫していた。	They were fully enjoying art that beckoned them to another world.
父と旅行中という東京の高校１年生（１５）は「旧校舎の雰囲気を生かした作品が面白い。この場所に流れた時間を想像させます」と話していた。	A high school freshman from Tokyo (Age 15) traveling with his father commented "the artworks that make use of the atmosphere of the old school are interesting. It makes me imagine time passing in this place."
１１月２４日まで、月曜（祝日の場合は翌日）休館。	Runs until November 24th, closed Mondays (the following day in the case of national holidays).
香港、雨傘運動５年で集会 数万人、普通選挙目指す｜静岡新聞アットエス	On the 5th anniversary of the Hong Kong Umbrella Movement, tens of thousands rally together with the goal of genuine universal suffrage | Shizuoka @S
「雨傘運動」発生から５年を迎え、集会会場に集まった人たち＝２８日、香港（共同）	People gathered at the rally to mark five years since the Umbrella Movement began, 28th in Hong Kong (Kyodo News)
【香港共同】香港行政長官選挙の民主化を求めた２０１４年の大規模デモ「雨傘運動」発生から５年の２８日、デモ隊の最大拠点があったアドミラリティ（金鐘）の香港政府本部庁舎近くの公園で、数万人規模の集会が開かれた。	Hong Kong Kyodo News: On the 28th, marking 5 years since the beginning of the large-scale "Umbrella Movement" protests in Hong Kong that demanded democratic leadership elections in 2014, tens of thousands of people gathered in a park near the central government complex of Hong Kong in Admiralty (Kam Chung), where the largest occupation of protestors was in 2014.
会場周辺では一部若者が幹線道路を占拠し、政府庁舎に火炎瓶を投げ付けた。	Some young people occupied the main roads near the rally, and threw petrol bombs at government buildings.
「逃亡犯条例」改正案を発端とした抗議活動が続く中、参加者は当時勝ち取れなかった「真の普通選挙」実現まで闘う決意を新たにした。	As protests over the Fugitive Offenders amendment bill continue, many protesters renewed their determination to continue fighting until they can realize the genuine universal suffrage that they were not able to secure 5 years ago.
６月に本格化した抗議活動は、雨傘運動の７９日を超える１１２日となり、デモ隊の要求は選挙制度改革など「五大要求」にまで拡大した。	The latest round of protests got underway in a serious capacity in June, and have now been going on for 112 days, exceeding the 79 days of the original Umbrella Movement, and the demonstrators' objective has now increased to five demands, including electoral reform.
茨城国体 きょう28日開幕｜スポーツ｜佐賀新聞ニュース｜佐賀新聞LiVE	Ibaraki National Athletic Meet opens today, 28th | Sports | Saga Shimbun News |Saga Shimbun LiVE
第７４回国民体育大会「いきいき茨城ゆめ国体２０１９」は２８日、茨城県ひたちなか市の笠松運動公園陸上競技場で総合開会式が行われ、１０月８日まで１１日間の熱戦がスタートする。	On the 28th, the opening ceremony for the 74th National Athletic Meet, "Ikiki Ibaraki Yume National Athletic Meet 2019," will be held at the Kasamatsu Athletics Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, starting a heated 11-day competition that will end on October 8th.
佐賀県勢は会期前実施を除く３３競技に選手、監督ら約４００人が出場、郷土の誇りを胸に全国の強豪に挑む。	Roughly 400 athletes and coaches will participate in 33 games not including the pre-competition events, and will hold hometown pride in their hearts as they face the nation's mightiest.
県勢は一昨年まで３年連続４３位と低迷していたが、昨年は３３位まで浮上した。	Until the year before last the prefectural rank had slumped, staying at 43rd place for three years consecutively, but rose last year to 33rd place.
２０２３年に県内で開かれる国民スポーツ大会に向けた強化も進んでおり、今年は２０位台前半を目標に掲げる。	Prefecture athletes have continued toughening up in preparation for the National Sports Meet which will be held within the prefecture in 2023, and this year the aim is to rank in the low 20s.
１６日までに行われた会期前競技では、新体操少年女子の佐賀女子高と、体操の成年女子と少年女子がいずれも６位入賞を果たして弾みを付けた。	At the pre-competition events that were held through the 16th, momentum was gained as 6th place was achieved in youth rhythmic gymnastics by Saga Girls' High School, as well as in both women's gymnastics and girls' gymnastics.
各競技とも流れに乗って上位進出を目指したい。	Hopefully other events follow suit and also rise in the rankings.
総合開会式で、県勢は選手、監督、本部役員計８３人が４０番目に入場行進し、ラグビー少年男子の石川空悟選手（佐賀工高）が旗手を務める。	At the opening ceremony a total of 83 prefectural athletes, coaches, and headquarter officials will be 40th to enter the venue parading with boys' rugby athlete Ishikawa Kuugo (Saga Technical High School) bearing the flag.
初日はレスリング、卓球、空手道の３競技が行われる。	The 3 competitions to be held the first day will be wrestling, table tennis, and karate.
