新华时评：把优秀返乡农民工打造成乡村振兴生力军-新华网	Xinhua Commentary: Outstanding returning rural migrant workers can be a rural revitalization army - Xinhuanet
乡村振兴，人才是关键。	Talent is the key to rural revitalization.
人才哪里找？	Where is talent found?
优秀返乡农民工群体是不可或缺的生力军。	Outstanding returning rural migrant workers are an indispensable force in the fight.
新华社发 商海春 作	Published by Xinhua News Agency Author: Shang Haichun
新华社成都7月26日电 题：把优秀返乡农民工打造成乡村振兴生力军	Xinhua News Agency, reported July 26th Headline: Outstanding returning rural migrant workers can be a force for rural revitalization - Xinhuanet
今年34岁的张雄家在四川眉山市果园村，2010年他辞掉北京月薪上万的工作返乡创业。	Zhang Xiong, age 34, is a resident of Guoyuan Village in Meishan City, Sichuan Province who quit his job with a salary over 10,000 yuan in Beijing and returned to his hometown to start a business in 2010.
经过几年打拼，如今他经营的葡萄种植家庭农场年收入超过百万元，成为小有名气的致富带头人，还被选拔进入村“两委”班子。	After a few years of effort, his family’s vinery now earns an annual income of over a million yuan, he has gained a small amount of fame for being a wealth creator, and he has also been selected as a member of the village’s “Two Committees”.
近年来，在国家脱贫攻坚、乡村振兴等一系列支农惠农政策激励感召下，越来越多像张雄一样的优秀农民工选择返乡创业，激活了乡村一池春水。	In recent years, national policies to alleviate poverty, revitalize rural areas, and benefit farmers and agriculture have inspired an increasing number of people outstanding migrant workers like Zhang Xiong to return to their hometowns to start their own businesses, which has become a new source of growth for rural areas.
我国西部人口大省、劳务输出大省四川，因势利导实施“优秀农民工回引培养工程”，仅2019年，就从回引的优秀农民工中产生村党支部书记8000余名，培育村后备力量6.1万名，发展党员2万余名，为打赢脱贫攻坚战和实施乡村振兴战略提供有力保证。	Sichuan is a western Chinese province with a large population and that produces high labor outflows, but thanks to the province’s “Outstanding Rural Migrant Worker Return Incentives and Cultivation Project”, in 2019 alone, the program has produced more than 8,000 village party branch secretaries from returned outstanding rural migrant workers, brought back and cultivated a labor force of 61,000 for villages, and produced over 20,000 new Party members, creating a powerful guarantee in the fight to eliminate poverty and implement rural revitalization strategies.
小康不小康，关键看老乡。	Hometowns are the key to moderate prosperity.
改革开放以来，我国农村大量青壮年劳动力外出务工增收，有的通过打拼创办了自己的企业。	Since reform and opening up, huge numbers of young in China have left rural villages to seek work elsewhere, and some, through their own hard work, have managed to start their own companies.
但客观上也导致农村“空心化”不同程度地出现，特别是农村基层组织弱化，村党支部书记和党员队伍均呈现出“一老一低”特征，即年龄老化、学历偏低，村党组织带头人队伍不强、青黄不接问题突出。	But objectively speaking, to varying degrees, it has also led to the “hollowing out” of Chinese villages, especially those where grassroots organizations are weak, and led to the “aging and lowering” phenomenon among village Party branch secretaries and cadres, in which these groups are both getting older and have lower educational attainment, leading to disinterest among young people in continuing the work of village Party organizations with weak leadership.
如果乡村人才等要素一直单向流往城市，乡村长期处于“失血” “贫血”状态，振兴就是一句空话。	If rural talent and other assets only flow in one direction, to the cities, in the long term this leads to “loss of blood” and “anemia” in rural areas, in turn making “revitalization” an empty slogan.
把那些有能力、有觉悟、有志于为家乡服务的农民工吸引回来，引导他们返乡创业成为致富带头人，从中择优培养成党员、乡村干部，充实基层干部队伍，这是解决农村党员队伍和基层党组织青黄不接的治本之策。	Attracting back migrant workers who are capable, conscientious, and determined to serve their hometowns, incentivizing them to return there to start businesses and become wealth creators, and then cultivating them as Party members and rural cadres to enrich the ranks of grassroots cadres is a permanent solution to the problem of young people not continuing the work of rural Party corps and grassroots Party organizations.
优秀农民工引得回，还要让他们留得住、干得好。	Once outstanding rural migrant workers return, they also must be convinced to stay and do good work.
近年来，四川从狠抓农民工党建入手，在严格人选标准的基础上，建立优秀农民工定向回引、服务保障、培训提能、选拔使用等制度机制，让他们在能力上有提升、工作上有保障、生活上有盼头，真正在农村扎下根，干事创业有成就感。	In recent years, Sichuan has focused more on Party-building among rural migrant workers, and on the basis of strict selection requirements, has established systems and mechanisms such as directed incentives for outstanding rural migrant workers to return, service guarantees, training and promotion, and selection and use which ensure they will gain from their effort, receive guarantees in their work, have things to look forward to in life, truly put down roots in the village, and feel a sense of accomplishment in their work and entrepreneurship.
今年是决战脱贫攻坚的收官之年，做好脱贫攻坚与乡村振兴的衔接，人才是关键因素。	This is the final year of the battle to decisively end poverty, and talent is the key factor to establish the connection between poverty alleviation and rural revitalization.
各级党委政府要高度重视优秀返乡农民工这一群体，通过综合措施，把他们打造成一支留得住、能战斗、带不走的工作队、生力军，为农村脱贫奔小康和发展振兴提供强有力的组织保障和人才支撑。	Party committees and governments at every level should prioritize rural migrant workers who return to their hometowns, and should use comprehensive measures to form them into a work corps and army that is willing to stay, capable of contributing, and unwilling to leave, so that they can serve as a powerful organizational guarantee and talent pool that supports rural poverty elimination and prosperity building efforts, as well as rural development and revitalization.
因为遭遇疫情，今年的大学毕业生是很特殊的一届，7月11日晚，bilibili夏日毕业歌会为毕业生们带来一场特殊的线上直播演出，老狼、朴树、李宇春、毛不易等音乐人为应届毕业生送上歌声和祝福。	Thanks to the pandemic, this year’s university graduates are a very special class: On the evening of July 11th, the “Bilibili Summer Graduation Songs” offered up a special online show for new graduates with performances from musicians such as Lao Lang, Pu Shu, Li Yuchun, and Mao Buyi to give graduates a sendoff of music and good wishes.
知名up主SealWu吴一凡还带来了一首《野草》，这是他根据鲁迅的同名散文诗集改编创作的说唱风歌曲，在年轻人中极受欢迎。	The famous host of Up, Seal Wu, performed his song “Wild Grass”, a rap song based on Lu Xun’s poem of the same name, which is very popular with young people.
由于疫情的关系，不少毕业生没能体会现场拨穗、授学位证的仪式感，他们就把仪式感转移到了线上。	Because of the pandemic, many graduates will not be able to enjoy the sounds and sights of receiving their diploma in person, so they moved the ritual and all of its sensations online.
数据显示，这场时长2.5小时的歌会，直播人气峰值超过3500万。	Statistics show that peak viewership of the 2.5 hour special event exceeded 35 million.
“遵循自己的内心吧，把握住机会，不计较后果，有时反而会有意想不到的收获。”	“Follow your heart, seize opportunities, don’t worry about the consequences, and you’ll reap rewards you never expected. “
虽说是毕业歌会，很多歌曲也让非应届毕业生感动。	Although it was a song for graduates, it moved many non-graduates as well.
“整场看下来真的想哭，谁的青春都充满美好和遗憾，但都值得怀念，都要勇敢走下去。”	“After watching the whole presentation, I wanted to cry for the beauty and regrets of youth, because no matter what, they are worth remembering, yet we all have to find the courage to carry on. “
北京自然生态持续向好 吸引500余种野生动物城市“定居 ” - 中新网	Natural Ecology in Beijing Continues to Improve, attracting More than 500 Kinds of Wildlife to "Settle" in the City - Ecns.cn
2020-07-26 05:03:17 来源：北京青年报 作者：王思硕 责任编辑：王思硕	2020-07-26 05:03:17 Source: Beijing Youth Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor: Wang Sishuo
首都自然生态持续向好 吸引野生动物城市“定居”	Natural ecology in Beijing continues to improve, attracting wildlife to "settle" in the city
北京野生动物已达500余种	Beijing now has more than 500 species of wild animals.
本报讯(记者 王斌)北京青年报记者从市园林绿化局获悉，近年来随着首都自然生态环境的持续向好，野生动物的种类和数量也随之持续增加。	(Reporter Wang Bin) The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned from the Beijing Gardening and Greening Bureau that in recent years, as the natural ecology of the capital continues to improve, the species and number of wild animals had also continued to increase.
目前，栖息北京的陆生脊椎野生动物已增加至500余种，包括褐马鸡、黑鹳等国家一级保护动物，以及斑羚、大天鹅、灰鹤、鸳鸯等国家二级保护动物。	At present, the number of terrestrial vertebrate wildlife inhabiting Beijing exceeds 500, including national first-level protected animals such as the brown-eared pheasant and black stork, as well as national second-class protected animals such as the goral, whooper swan, grey crane and mandarin duck.
无论是种进二环内的一处处城市森林，还是嵌入楼宇之间的小微湿地，不仅为首都市民带来了大自然的野趣，也吸引着野生动物到城市里“定居 ” 。	Whether urban forests planted within the Second Ring Road or a small wetland embedded between buildings, it not only brings nature's rustic charm to the citizens of the capital, but also attracts wild animals to "settle" in the city.
盛夏时节，位于延庆区西北部燕山山脉中的松山国家级自然保护区内一派生机勃勃。	In the summer, the Songshan Nature Reserve in the Yanshan Mountains in the north-west of Yanqing District is full of life.
一只貉在山涧旁悠闲玩耍，一旁，两只狗獾互相打闹起来。	A raccoon dog is playing by a creek, while two badgers are playing with each other nearby.
回过头来，一只野猪忍不住身上的“刺挠”，正使劲蹭着树皮。松山国家级自然保护区管理处主任胡巧立介绍，截至2019年底，在这片总面积超过6200公顷的绿海中，生活着包括国家一级保护动物金雕和国家二级保护动物勺鸡、斑羚在内的178种野生动物，全市近三分之一的野生动物种类都能在这里见到踪迹。	When looking back, you can see that a wild boar, unable to resist the "itch" on its body, is rubbing against a tree. Hu Qiaoli, Director of the Songshan Nature Reserve Management Office, said that by the end of 2019, 178 species of wildlife, including the golden eagle, a national first-level protected animal, as well as the koklass pheasant and gazelles, national second-level protected animals, have been living in this green zone with a total area of more than 6,200 hectares, and nearly a third of wildlife species in Beijing could be found here.
“在松山，野生动物是真正的‘主人’，我们工作人员充其量只能算是人家的‘保镖’。”	"Here in Songshan, wild animals are the real 'owners' and our staff can at best be thought of as their 'bodyguards'. ”
胡巧立说，为了实地了解保护区内野生动植物的情况，每天都有30多名专业巡护队员，沿着16条精心制定的保护路线巡查，每个月还会有一趟“转大圈”，用一整天的时间几乎走遍整个保护区。	Hu Qiaoli said, in order to understand the situation of wildlife in the reserve, more than 30 professional patrol members patrol along 16 specifically developed protection routes every day, and every month there is a major one-day round trip for them to walk through almost the entire reserve.
“在巡查时，不光要检查记录生物多样性情况，还要检查安装人工鸟巢，救护受伤的野生动物，安装野外红外相机等等。”	"During the patrols, they not only check and record the biodiversity, but also the conditions of artificial bird nests, in addition to rescuing injured wildlife, installing infrared cameras in the field, and so on. ”
松山国家级自然保护区现已安装200余台红外相机，记录下林中野生动物的生活状态。	Now, the Songshan Nature Reserve has more than 200 infrared cameras to record the living conditions of wildlife in the forest.
胡巧立介绍，随着这几年保护区生物多样性不断丰富，越来越多的野生动物出现在镜头之中，豹猫、貉和猪獾已经成为“常驻嘉宾”，国家二级保护动物斑羚的“出镜率”也越来越高。	Hu Qiaoli said that as the reserve's biodiversity has improved over the past few years, more and more wild animals have appeared on camera, with leopard cats, raccoons dogs, and hog-nosed badgers becoming "regular guests"; meanwhile, the goral, a national second-level protected animal, has been captured even more frequently.
北京市园林绿化局野生动植物和湿地保护处处长张志明介绍，北京陆生脊椎野生动物已从1994年的461种，增加到现在的500多种，北京的野生动物种类和数量近年来持续增加。	Zhang Zhiming, Director of the Wildlife and Wetland Protection Department of the Beijing Gardening and Greening Bureau, said that the number of terrestrial vertebrate wildlife in Beijing has increased from 461 species in 1994 to more than 500 species today, and that the number of wildlife species in Beijing has continued to increase in recent years.
城市中野生动物的身影越发常见，与近年来首都城市绿化不断升级密切相关。	The increasingly common presence of wildlife in the city is closely related to the continuous upgrading of urban greening in Beijing in recent years.
特别是2018年开始的新一轮百万亩造林绿化建设，提出要重塑城市生态环境，提升林地绿地的生态功能，突出“近自然”理念。	In particular, the new round of One Million Mu of forestation and greening construction, which began in 2018, intends to reshape the urban ecological environment, enhance the ecological functions of woodlands and greenbelts, and highlight the concept of being "close-to-nature".
规划上力求与周边绿地实现互联互动，方便野生动物“走亲访友”，种的树也都是动物们喜爱的蜜源、食源植物。	The plan aims to achieve interconnection and interaction with the surrounding greenbelts, so that wild animals can easily "visit their relatives and friends", and the trees planted are nectar and food source plants that these animals love.
黑土地“种”出农业现代化-新华网	Agricultural Modernization in the Black Land -- Xinhua Net
新华社哈尔滨7月26日电 题：黑土地“种”出农业现代化	Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26th, 2020 Title: Agricultural Modernization in the Black Land
盛夏，两架喷施药剂飞机从友谊农场第五管理区第二作业站的万亩高产示范田掠过，形成两道白线，绿色田野里用黑色稻苗种出的“天下第一场”几个大字格外醒目。	In mid-summer, two planes that spray pesticides flew above the Ten Thousand Mu High-Yield Demonstration Field of the Second Work Station, Fifth Management Area, Youyi Farm, forming two white lines, and the large characters “The World’s No.1 Farm” were extremely clear as formed by the black rice seedlings in the green field.
这个作业站站长孔令强说，这种飞机一天能对6000多亩耕地喷施药剂，效率约是无人机的8倍，是人工的数百倍。	Kong Lingqiang, Director of the Work Station, said that such planes were able to spray pesticides over 6,000 mu (400 hectares) of fields per day, the efficiency of which was eight times unmanned aerial vehicle, and hundreds of times that of human labor.
这个农场位于我国第一产粮大省黑龙江省友谊县境内，从过去“唰唰”的割稻声穿越到如今“隆隆”的马达声，中华传统农耕与农场在这片黑土带上实现蜕变。	The farm is located in Youyi County, Heilongjiang Province, which is the largest grain production base of China, and judging from the swish of cutting the rice seedlings with sickles in the past to the rumble of motors today, we can see that China’s traditional agriculture and farm have changed tremendously in the black land.
除了飞机，卫星也被用于友谊农场现代化农业生产中。	Apart from planes, satellites are also used in the modernized agricultural production of Youyi Farm.
孔令强介绍，一方面，他们利用卫星遥感技术实现精准施肥，降低农业投入，减少污染；另一方面，卫星导航技术可以提高农机田间标准化作业水平。	Kong Lingqiang stated that on one hand, they utilized satellite remote sensing technology to achieve accurate fertilization and reduce inputs in agriculture and pollution; on the other , satellite navigation technology improves the standardized work of agricultural machines in the field.
在今年的水稻生产过程中，农场将卫星导航无人驾驶插秧技术的作业面积从去年的3000亩扩展到30000亩。	During the production of rice this year, the farm extended the area utilizing satellite navigation unmanned driving transplantation technology to 30,000 mu (2,000 hectares) from 3,000 mu (200 hectares) last year.
这项技术令秧苗栽植更加均匀，可使阳光和耕地资源利用最大化，每亩还能节约16元人工成本。	Such technology enables more even transplantation of rice seedlings, which maximizes the use of sunlight and arable fields, saving RMB 16 on human labor per mu on average.
农场在农业生产中尝试信息化、智能化等新技术，形成了从地面到天空的我国规模最大的农业机械群。	The attempt to use new information technologies and intelligent technologies in the farm’s agricultural production is the largest agricultural machine group in China.
据统计，目前农场农机总保有量4.9万台（件）， 田间综合机械化率达99.8%。	According to statistics, there are 49,000 agricultural machines held by the farms at present, and the overall mechanization rate is 99.8%.
农机作业实现GPS卫星导航100%、旱田精密播种100%、旱田大马力机车作业100%。	The rates of using GPS satellite navigation for agricultural machines, accurate sowing in dry land, and using machines with high horsepower on dry land are all 100%.
“绿色农业、智慧农业、数字农业是农业现代化的探路方向 。”	“Green agriculture, smart agriculture, and digital agriculture are the directions of exploration in agricultural modernization, ”
友谊农场场长刘化莲说。	Liu Hualian, President of Youyi Farm, said.
农业现代化关键在于科技进步。	The key to agricultural modernization is scientific and technological advancements.
以农场为代表的黑龙江农垦近年发挥现代化大农业“航母”示范、引领作用，初步建立起规模化种植、标准化生产、产业化经营为主导的现代农业产业体系。	The Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation Bureau, on behalf of the farms it represents, has fully acted as the “aircraft carrier” of modernized agriculture in recent years, and has firstly built a modern agricultural system characterized by scaled planting, standardized production, and industrialized operation.
在友谊县郊区，有一个占地面积35万平方米的农机博览园。	In the suburb of Youyi County, there is an agricultural machine exhibition park covering an area of 350,000 square meters.
这里集中展出了黑龙江农垦多年来引进、使用过的140多台（件）农机具。	It exhibits more than 140 agricultural machines and tools introduced and used by the Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation Bureau over the past years.
这些农机具与农场见证了我国农业现代化发展历程。	Those agricultural machines, tools, and farms bear witness the modernization process of Chinese agriculture.
舍小家为大家 — — 安徽合肥蒋口河联圩群众转移直击-新华网	Sacrifice Individual Interests for the Greater Good: the Direct Impact on People to be Relocated in Jiangkou River, Hefei City, Anhui Province -- Xinhua Net
新华社合肥7月26日电 题：舍小家为大家 — — 安徽合肥蒋口河联圩群众转移直击	Hefei, July 26th, 2020 (Xinhua) Title: Sacrifice Individual Interests for the Greater Good: the Direct Impact on People to be Relocated in Jiangkou River, Hefei City, Anhui Province
新华社记者陈尚营、王立武、刘夏村	Edited by Chen Shangying, Wang Liwu and Liu Xiacun
7月25日下午4点多，傅昆宝穿着糊满泥巴的胶鞋，从前屋到后屋，和妻子周燕来来回回地忙着收拾东西。	At 4 p.m. on July 25th, Fu Kunbao wore a pair of rubber boots which were covered with mud as he walked from the front room to the back, scurrying to pack items with his wife Zhou Yan.
“接到村干部让转移的电话，我还在田里薅草。”	“When we got the call asking us to relocated from our village cadres, I was cutting the grass in the field. ”
傅昆宝说，他流转了60多亩地，种了水稻，眼下长势不错 ， “ 昨天还打了药，工具啥的还都没收拾呢。”	Fu Kunbao said that he rented over 60 mu field to plant rice, the growth of which was healthy, “I just sprayed the pesticide yesterday, the tools were even not packed. ”
傅昆宝指了指放在角落里的农药喷雾器 ， “谁都不愿家里被淹，舍小家为大家吧 。”	Fu Kunbao pointed to the pesticide sprayer in the corner, “No one wants his home to be lost in a flood, but we have to sacrifice our own interests for the public good. ”
为应对巢湖持续高水位压力和可能的强降雨，安徽省合肥市准备在26日启用傅昆宝家所在的蒋口河联圩分洪蓄水。	To cope with the continuous high water levels at Chaohu Lake and the possible strong downpour, Hefei City is preparing to use a joint embankment at Jiangkou River, where Fu Kunbao’s home is located, to diverge the flood and save water.
蒋口河联圩位于肥西县，紧邻巢湖大堤。	The joint embankment of Jiangkou River is located in Feixi County, which is close to the bank of Chaohu Lake.
圩内有涉及严店乡和三河镇的几千名村民需要转移。	Thousands of villagers in Yandian Village and Sanhe Town will be relocated.
截至25日16时，我国第五大淡水湖巢湖水位依然维持在13.2米的高位，超保证水位0.7米。	By 16:00 on July 25th, the water level of Chaohu Lake, the fifth largest freshwater lake in China, was still 13.2 meters, 0.7 meter higher than the safety level.
傅昆宝家的厨房收拾得干干净净，桌上放着一盆南瓜头菜，冰箱里还有鸡蛋和一些卤菜。	The kitchen of Fu Kunbao’s home was neat, with a bowl of pumpkin dishes on the table, and some eggs and vegetables in sauce in the fridge.
“没想到要搬，蒋口河的水目前看还好 。 ”	“I never thought I’d have to move away, and the current water level of Jiangkou River looks safe. ”
周燕说，家里是平房，一些大物件暂时还没想好放到哪里。	Zhou Yan said that her house is a bungalow, and she hasn’t found a suitable place to store the large items for now.
“先把贵重的物品收拾好，冰箱、电视机这些大件可以暂时先放到地势高的邻居或者亲戚家。”	“I can pack expensive and important items first, and the large items like the fridge and television can be placed at a neighbor’s or relative’s house which is at a higher elevation. ”
村干部王礼稳给傅昆宝出主意。	Wang Liwen, village cadre, helped Fu Kunbao make plans.
王礼稳负责13户村民的转移安置工作，一户一户通知，确认每个人的安置方案。	Wang Liwen was in charge of the relocation of 13 households, so he informed the villagers one by one, and confirmed the settlement plan with everyone.
距离傅昆宝家最近的安置点是严店乡苏小小学，2公里左右的路程。	The nearest resettlement place to Fu Kunbao’s home is Suxiao Primary School in Yandian Village, which was two kilometers away.
除了大件，让傅昆宝两口子头疼的还有家里1000多斤粮食和新买的一些家具。	Apart from the large items, the over 1,000 jin (500 kg) of grain and newly bought furniture was also a headache Fu Kunbao and his wife.
“粮食准备拖到亲戚家，家具没办法搬了。”	“We are going to move the grain to our relative’s home, but we have no way to move the furniture. ”
夫妻俩一商量，在新买的床下面垫上凳子，把床抬高了大概半米。	After discussion, the couple placed several chairs beneath their new bed, raising it by about 0.5 meters.
下午6点，傅昆宝开始用三轮车往亲戚家运东西，周燕继续在家里收拾。	At 6 p.m., Fu Kunbao began to move these items to his relative’s home by tricycle, while Zhou Yan continued to pack at home.
晚上11点多，夫妻俩在家里前前后后看了一遍，拉上了电闸，准备去安置点。	At 11 p.m., the couple checked everything across the home, shut down the electricity, and left for the settlement place.
“希望水早点退吧。”	“We hope that the flooding ends soon, ”
傅昆宝说。	Fu Kunbao said.
7月26日上午9点半，记者在蒋口河联圩现场看到，当地已做好分洪前各项准备。	At 9:30 a.m. on July 26th, this journalist saw at Jiangkou River that the local government was fully prepared to divert the flood.
张继科林小宅组队力挺有肌少年-新华网	Zhang Jike and Lin Xiaozhai Form a Team to Support Youth with Great Muscles - Xinhua Net
运动少年热血竞技秀《运动吧少年》在7月11日正式登陆湖南卫视。	The inspiring competitive show for youth sports, We Are The One, was officially broadcast on Hunan TV on July 11.
运动领队张继科和运动助理林小宅跨界同台,林丹和傅园慧点评各有风格,而“庞然大物”般的力量拔杆装置的硬核上场,更让节目“燃”力十足。	The team leader Zhang Jike and Sports Assistant Lin Xiaozhai are from different fields, but worked together, and commenters Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui were each unique in their own way, but the appearance of the hardcore “enormous” strength gin pole made the program more “exciting”.
首集中,11位运动少年亮相力量赛道,外形惊艳现场观众的同时,竞技台上的“强冲突”“强对抗”“强心脏”也受到关注。	During the first episode, 11 young athletes came to the strength arena, and their appearance stunned the audience while arousing significant attention to their “fierce conflict” “robust confrontation”, and “strong hearts”.
其中,“ 强冲突”来自超A体育生乔文一,他在比赛前公然挑衅同赛道中有“花美男”之称的徐志滨,呛声徐志滨的外形条件应该去唱跳节目,甚至放出“输了别把妆哭花了”的狠话。	Among them, the “fierce conflict” was from the awe-inspiring student athlete Qiao Wenyi, who publicly provoked “handsome boy” Xu Zhibin on the same racetrack with him when he joked that Xu Zhibin should be on a singing and dancing show, insulting his competitor’s appearance, and even saying that “if you lose, don’t cry or your make-up will run”.
一番言论让场上的少年和运动领队们都倒吸一口凉气。	His words made all the young people and sports officials gasp.
而“强对抗”更像是神仙打架,被誉为“大魔王”的孙健淇碰上同样实力强劲的张鑫栋,上演强强对决。	The “robust confrontation” was more like a battle between masters, with “Big Devil” Sun Jianqi competing against the formidable Zhang Xindong in a stunning match.
而他们的身份也让人始料未及,孙健淇是热爱健身的演员,张鑫栋则是退役特战队员、三次勇士勋章获得者。	Their identity was also surprising, with Sun Jianqi an actor who is passionate about fitness, while Zhang Xindong is a retired commando who has won military medals three times.
比赛一开始,两位少年就拼尽全力快速拔出小杆,在大杆上的持久对抗让现场观众为他们捏了一把汗。	At the start of the match, the two pulled on the small gin pole with all their strength, and the audience was anxious to see their more intense confrontation at the large gin pole.
在紧张的赛况下,张继科作为《运动吧少年》运动领队之一,也在一旁认真观战。	The atmosphere was tense as one of the hosts of the program, Zhang Jike, also watched the battle intently.
在点评环节,他也十分细心,对输了比赛的一方少年耐心鼓励,帮助复盘过程中的每一个失误点。	When giving commentary, he was very careful, patiently encouraging the loser and helping him review his mistakes.
而运动助理林小宅则是花式助攻,她毫不掩饰对颜值实力在线的少年们的欣赏。	But sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai was a marvelous helper, who never concealed her appreciation for these good-looking and competitive young athletes.
在了解到运动少年们超负荷的日常训练时,更是心生敬佩。	After learning about their over-loaded daily training, she admired them a lot.
同样是运动领队的林丹和傅园慧则各有风格,一个是气定神闲派“预言家 ” , 一个则是用笑容驱散紧张氛围的“洪荒少女 ” 。	The other team leaders, Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui, were each unique in their own way, with one being a calm “predictor”, while the other was the “bubbly optimistic girl” who eased the tension with her warm smile.
另外,吉克隽逸和刘烨作为运动助理,也围绕运动少年制造了不少爆笑话题。	As sports assistants, Jike and Liu Ye also discussed several funny topics around young athletes.
法国南特教堂大火：教区志愿者承认纵火 平时和善寡言-中新网	Fire in Cathédrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul de Nantes, France: Parochial Volunteer Who was Kind and Taciturn Confessed to Arson-Ecns.cn
中新网7月26日电 据外媒报道，7月18日，法国南特的宗教历史建筑瑰宝、著名的圣彼得与圣保罗大教堂，在一场火灾当中受到严重损毁，大管风琴完全毁坏。	July 26 (Ecns.cn) According to reports from foreign media, on July 18, the Cathédrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul de Nantes, a religious, historical, and architectural treasure, was seriously damaged in a fire, and the great organ was completely destroyed.
当地时间26日，南特检察官宣布，一名在大教堂当中负责保卫工作的教区志愿者已经被起诉，罪名是“纵火毁坏” 。	On the 26th (CET), Nantes prosecutors announced that a parochial volunteer who was responsible for the security of the cathedral had been charged with "arson and destruction."
他已承认，是自己在教堂里点火。	The suspect has already pleaded guilty.
报道称，当地检察官塞纳斯表示，这名39岁、来自卢旺达的教区志愿者承认，自己夜里在大教堂当中的三处点火。	According to the report, the local prosecutor Cenas said that the 39-year-old parochial volunteer from Rwanda admitted that he had set fire to three places in the cathedral at night.
此人的律师则表示，纵火者现在很后悔做出这种事。	His lawyer said that the arsonist now regrets doing such a thing.
此人几年前通过避难的途径，进入法国，在本次火灾事发地教区得到庇护，在教堂里得到收留。	He entered France via an asylum claim a few years ago, was sheltered in the parish where the fire happened, and was taken in by the church.
检方指出，最近，他尝试更新签证，正在和警察局对此进行对话沟通。	Prosecutors noted that recently, the suspect tried to update his visa and was in the process of dialogue with the police.
但教堂方面表示仍然不敢相信，这名平时非常善良、面带笑容，但不怎么说话的信徒，会毁坏他如此热爱的教堂。	But workers in the cathedral couldn’t believe that the believer, who was kind and taciturn, would destroy the church he loved so much.
7月18日火灾发生的当天，这名志愿者就已经因为叙述当中出现逻辑不通的问题，而接受过警方问询调查，但他后来被释放。	On the day of the fire on July 18, the volunteer was questioned by police about inconsistencies in his narrative, but he was later released.
图为消防员在现场进行救援。	Image shows rescue by firefighters at the scene.
25日晚间，由于巴黎中央警察局实验室的专业工程师获取了新的证据，此人又再一次被传讯。	On the evening of the 25th, the man was again subpoenaed as a result of new evidence obtained by professional engineers of the laboratory of the Paris Central Police Station.
这一次，男子承认了自己纵火的行为。	This time, the man admitted to his arson.
据报道，如果蓄意纵火毁坏的罪名成立，嫌犯将可能面临10年监禁和15万欧元的罚款。	If convicted of the crime of deliberate arson and destruction, the suspect will face 10 years' imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros.
报道称，此次大火给圣皮埃尔与圣保罗大教堂造成了严重损失，教堂内的管风琴被完全烧毁，管风琴后面的彩色玻璃窗也受损严重。	It was reported that the fire caused serious damage to the Cathédrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul de Nantes: the pipe organ in the church was completely burned and the stained glass window behind the pipe organ was also seriously damaged.
法国历史保护建筑首席建筑师布鲁内认为，保守估计，南特大教堂复原工作至少要有3年。	Brunel, the chief architect of French Built Heritage Conservation, believes that a conservative estimate of the required cathedral restoration work would take at least three years.
综合消息：美单边主义破坏两国关系 国际舆论支持中国对美反制-新华网	Comprehensive News: The Unilateralism of the United States Destroys Sino-US Relations, International Opinion Supports China’s Countermeasures -- Xinhua Net
新华社北京7月26日电 综合新华社驻外记者报道：7月24日上午，中国外交部通知美国驻华使馆，中方决定撤销对美国驻成都总领事馆的设立和运行许可，并对该总领事馆停止一切业务和活动提出具体要求。	BEIJING, July 26, 2020 (Xinhua, by foreign correspondents) On the morning of July 24, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People’s Republic of China announced to the US Embassy in China its decision to withdraw its consent for the establishment and operation of the US Consulate General in Chengdu, and the Ministry also made specific requirements for the cessation of all operations and events by the Consulate General.
国际舆论认为，美国采取的单边主义措施给中美两国关系造成严重困扰，中国对美方无理挑衅做出回应，采取反制措施是正当和必要的。	International opinion holds the view that the unilateralism adopted by the US severely disturbs normal Sino-US relations, and China’s response to the irrational aggression of the US and its countermeasures against the US are proper and essential.
智利大学国际问题研究所中国研究中心主任安德烈斯·博尔克斯说，美国的单边主义措施破坏了中美两国人民之间理解的桥梁，使两个大国关系遭遇危机。	Andres Borquez, Directer of the China Research Center, Institute of International Studies at the University of Chile said that the unilateralism of the US destroyed the bridge between the people of the two countries, leading to the current crisis in Sino-US relations.
中国通知美国关闭其驻成都总领事馆是对美单边措施的反制，符合外交惯例。	Therefore, China’s announcement of its closure of the General Consulate of the United States in Chengdu is a countermeasure against such unilateralism which conforms to the rules of foreign affairs.
阿根廷天主教大学教授、阿中研究中心主任帕特里西奥·朱斯托认为，中方上述决定是对美国先前挑衅的正当、必要的反制措施，并非针对普通美国民众。	Patricio Giusto, Professor of the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina and Director of China-Argentina Research Center held the view that,\ China’s decisions were proper and essential countermeasures against the aggression of the US, which was not targeted at its general public.
美国试图通过施压中国达到掩盖其应对新冠疫情不力的目的，转移美国民众注意力。	The US tried to conceal their bad countermeasures against COVID-19 by exerting pressure on China to shift its public attention.
印度尼西亚智库亚洲创新研究中心主席班邦·苏尔约诺说，美国采取挑衅性外交姿态，给中美两国关系造成严重困扰，两国关系面临严峻挑战。	Bambang Suryono, Chairman of the Asian Creative Research Center, a think-tank in Indonesia, said that the aggressive attitude of the US severely disturbs normal Sino-US relations and brings about severe challenges.
中国通知美国关闭其驻成都总领事馆是正常反制措施，符合外交惯例，既体现了中国坚决维护自身利益的原则立场，又体现了中国外交的有理有利有节。	Thus, China’s announcement of its closure of the General Consulate of the United States in Chengdu is a normal countermeasure which conforms to the rules of foreign affairs and shows China’s principle and stance to firmly defend their self-interests whilst embodying its rationality and principled position, and China’s etiquette of China’s coping with foreign affairs.
坦桑尼亚时事评论员弗朗西斯·塞姆温扎说，中方上述决定是针对美国挑衅做出的正当且必要的回应。	Francis Semwenza, a current affairs commentator of Tanzania, said that, China’s decisions were proper and essential responses to the aggression of the US.
中美关系要重归正常，美方应主动改善与中国关系，停止干涉中国内政。	For the re-normalization of Sino-US relations, the US government should actively improve its relationship with China, and quit its intervention in China’s domestic affairs.
美国应着眼于如何与中国在经济和政治上取得共赢，如何造福于两国人民乃至整个国际社会。	The US government should focus more on win-win situations in both economic growth and politics, as well as benefiting people of both the two countries and even the whole global community.
总部位于苏丹的阿拉伯－中国友好协会联合会执行主任阿里·优素福说，中国被迫采取的反制措施是对美方无理行径的正当和必要反应，符合国际法和国际关系基本准则，也符合外交惯例。	Ali Yousif, Executive Director of the Sudan-based Association of Arab-Chinese Friendship, said that, the countermeasures forced to be taken were proper and essential responses to the irrational behavior of the US, which conformed to the basic rules of the international law and international relations, as well as the rules of foreign affairs.
此前美方要求关闭中国驻休斯敦总领事馆严重违反国际法和国际关系基本准则。	The requirement to close the General Consulate of China in Houston seriously disobeyed the basic rules of the international law and international relations.
希望美方撤销此前有关决定，为两国关系重归正常创造必要条件。	And he hoped the US would cancel the relevant decisions and create necessary conditions for the re-normalization of Sino-US relations.
新加坡《联合早报》发表社论说，美国更大的战略意图是要围堵中国，阻止中国继续崛起。	An editorial in Singapore’s Lianhe Zaobao said that the broader strategic blueprint of the US was to contain China, and prohibit its continuous rise.
面对美国的步步紧逼，中方虽然很不愿意看到中美关系继续恶化，但不得不采取反制措施。	In face of the increasingly tight aggression, China was unwilling to witness the continuous deterioration of Sino-US relations, but it had no other choice but to take countermeasures.
（参与记者：尹南、张笑然、倪瑞捷、梁辉、高竹、李斯博、马意翀、王丽丽）	(Journalists engaging in the report: Yin Nan, Zhang Xiaoran, Ni Ruijie, Liang Hui, Gao Zhu, Li Sibo, Ma Yichong, Wang Lili)
新华社广州7月26日电(记者毛鑫)记者从广东海警局了解到，近日，该局联合广州海关、公安部门，打掉一个特大走私成品油团伙，初步查证该团伙自2019年以来共走私成品油约12万吨，案值约8亿元人民币，偷逃税款约2.4亿元。	Guangzhou, July 26 (Xinhua, Mao Xin) - This reporter learned that the Guangdong Coast Guard Bureau recently cooperated with the Guangzhou Customs District and the Guangdong Provincial Public Security Department to destroy a huge smuggling gang of refined oil products, which was initially found to have smuggled a total of about 120,000 tons of refined oil products since 2019, with a value of about RMB 800 million, and to have evaded taxes of about RMB 240 million.
广东海警局与海关缉私部门联合逐步摸清了该团伙的人员分工和组织架构。	The Guangdong Coast Guard Bureau and the Anti-smuggling Department of the Guangzhou Customs District joined hands in gradually mapping out the division of labor and organizational structure of the gang.
7月8日，海警、海关、公安部门分别在广州、佛山等地以及珠江口海域开展统一收网行动，现场查扣涉嫌走私船舶4艘，分别在涉案船舶和油库查扣成品油共计4700吨，并冻结一批资金账户。	On July 8, the Guangdong Coast Guard Bureau, Guangzhou Customs District, and Guangdong Provincial Public Security Department were united to carry out a draw-in action in Guangzhou, Foshan, the waters of the Pearl River Estuary and other places, seizing four suspected smuggling vessels; the refined oil products found in the vessels and oil depots totaled 4,700 tons, while a number of related capital accounts were frozen.
据了解，此次联合行动共出动舰艇8艘、直升机2架，分成多个行动小组协同作战，对海上走私、陆上非法经营等环节进行全链条打击，35名主要犯罪嫌疑人全部到案。	It was learned that a total of eight naval vessels and two helicopters were deployed in this joint manhunt, and several action squads were set up to crack down on smuggling at sea and illegal operations on land collaboratively, and during the action, all 35 major suspects were arrested.
目前该案正在进一步侦办中。	The case is currently under further investigation.
广东海警局相关负责人表示，未来将继续保持高压态势，打击海上各类走私违法犯罪活动，维护好辖区海域良好秩序。	The relevant person from the Guangdong Coast Guard Bureau said that in the future, they would continue to intensively combat smuggling and all kinds of illegal and criminal activities at sea in order to maintain good order in the waters under its jurisdiction.
飓风“汉娜”登陆美得州 或引发河水暴涨和山洪-中新网	Hurricane "Hanna" Landing in Texas May Trigger Surges and Flash Floods - China News
中新网7月26日电 综合外媒报道，当地时间25日下午5时，飓风“汉娜”登陆美国得克萨斯州，将给得州带来强风暴雨、河水暴涨，还可能引发威胁生命的山洪。	July 26 (China News) According to reports in foreign media, hurricane “Hanna” landed in Texas at 5:00 p.m. local time on July 25th, bringing strong breeze and rainstorms, surges, and life-threatening flash floods to Texas.
国家飓风中心说，预计飓风“汉娜”会挟带暴雨，扫过得州南部与东北部部分地区，雨势或引发部分溪水暴涨以及威胁生命的山洪爆发。	According to the National Hurricane Center, Hanna is expected to carry rainstorms across parts of southern and northeastern Texas, causing surges and life-threatening flash floods.
报道称，受飓风“汉娜”影响最严重的是科珀斯克里斯蒂市以南到格兰德河河口地区，而里奥格兰德山谷可能爆发大范围的山洪。	It was reported that the area from the south of Corpus Christi to the estuary of the Rio Grande River was the area most seriously affected by Hanna, while large flash floods may break out in the Rio Grande Valley.
得州州长阿博特25日表示：“任何飓风都是一个巨大的挑战。”	Abbott, governor of Texas, said on July 25th: "Any hurricane is a huge challenge. "
该州有32个郡因为飓风进入灾难紧急状态。	Thirty two counties in the state have entered a state of emergency due to the hurricane.
科珀斯克里斯蒂市这座人口超32万的城市，已关闭图书馆与博物馆，居民严阵以待。	Corpus Christi, a city with a population of more than 320,000, has closed its libraries and museums, and its residents were ready for action.
阿博特还说，在得州正在遭遇新冠疫情重创之际，不能再让这场飓风给得州带来更多伤亡。	Abbott also said that the hurricane cannot allowed to bring more casualties to Texas during the pandemic outbreak.
据报道，得州南部地区降水量预计将在26日夜间达到6至12英寸，得克萨斯州北部地区和路易斯安那州沿海地区也将出现3至5英寸的降雨。	According to reports, precipitation in southern Texas was expected to reach 6 to 12 inches at night on July 26th, and 3 to 5 inches in northern Texas and coastal areas of Louisiana.
由于全球变暖等因素影响，“汉娜”的形成早于以往的大西洋飓风季。	Due to global warming and other factors, Hanna formed earlier than in the previous Atlantic hurricane seasons.
一般情况下，大西洋的第一场飓风通常要到8月中旬才会形成。	Normally, the first hurricanes in the Atlantic don't form until mid-August.
波兰将退出欧洲防止对女子施暴的条约	Poland to Withdraw from the European Treaty on Violence against Women
波兰司法部星期六表示，波兰下个星期将采取步骤，退出欧洲防止对妇女施暴条约。	Poland will take steps next week to withdraw from the European Treaty on the Prevention of Violence against Women, the country's Justice Ministry said Saturday.
波兰右翼的政府内阁表示，该条约要求学校教授学生有关性别问题的议题，践踏了学生父母的权利。	Poland's right-wing government cabinet said the treaty violated the rights of parents by requiring schools to teach students about gender issues.
波兰司法部长焦布洛举行记者会说，他领导的司法部星期一将向劳工和家庭部提出开始退出条约的要求。	Justice Minister Ziobro said at a press conference that his ministry will submit a request on Monday to the Ministry of Labor and the Family to begin withdrawing from the treaty.
那项条约又名伊斯坦布尔公约。	That treaty is also called the Istanbul Convention.
焦布洛说，“该条约包含一些我们认为是有害的意思形态性质的元素。”	Ziobro said,”The treaty contains elements which we consider to be of a harmful and ideological nature ”
波兰执政的法律与公正党及其及其执政联盟伙伴跟罗马天主教教会有密切的同盟关系，提倡保守的社会议程。	Law and Justice, the ruling party of Poland, and its coalition partners have a close alliance with the Roman Catholic Church and advocate a conservative social agenda.
波兰总统杜达在这个月成功的连任竞选期间将敌视同性恋权利作为主要议题之一。	Polish president Duda made hostility to gay rights one of the main issues during his successful re-election campaign this month.
星期五，成千上万的波兰人(其中大部分是妇女)在华沙和其他一些城市举行反对退出公约的抗议。	On Friday, thousands of Polish people (mostly women) protested against withdrawing from the convention in Warsaw and other cities.
抗议的组织者之一莱姆帕特在华沙举行的抗议游行中说，“退出条约的目的就是将家暴合法化”。	"The purpose of withdrawing from the treaty is to legalize domestic violence," Lempart, one of the organizers of the protest, said during a protest march in Warsaw.
一些抗议者举着横幅，上面写着“法律与公正党是妇女的地狱”。	Some protesters carried banners that said "Law and Justice is women's hell."
法律与公正党长久以来抱怨伊斯坦布尔公约。	Law and Justice has long complained about the Istanbul Convention.
波兰先前的中间派执政的政府2015年批准了该公约。	Poland's previous centrist government ratified the convention in 2015.
法律与公正党政府表示，该条约不尊重宗教，要求在学校里教授自由派的社会政策。	Law and Justice says the treaty does not respect religion and requires liberal social policies to be taught in schools.
但截至目前该党一直没有决定退出该公约。	But so far, the party has not decided to withdraw from the convention.
（根据路透社报道）	(According to Reuters reports)
巴西总统新冠病毒检测结果转阴-新华网	COVID-19 Test Results of President of Brazil Now Negative - Xinhua Net
新华社巴西利亚7月25日电（记者周星竹）巴西总统博索纳罗25日在他的个人社交媒体账号上宣布，他的最新一次新冠病毒检测结果为阴性。	Brasilia, July 25th, 2020 (Xinhua, Zhou Xingzhu) Jair Messias Bolsonaro, President of Brazil, announced on his personal social media account that his latest COVID-19 test result was negative.
除公布最新检测结果外，博索纳罗还在社交媒体上发布了自己手持羟氯喹药盒的照片。	Apart from announcing his latest test result, he also uploaded a photo holding a box of hydroxychloroquine on social media.
博索纳罗一直坚称这种药物能有效治疗新冠病毒感染，并多次通过社交媒体直播展示自己服用此药。	He has long claimed that the drug is helps in the treatment of COVID-19, and has livecast his use of the drug on social media many times.
据巴西媒体报道，博索纳罗当天宣布病毒检测结果后驾摩托车出行，前往首都巴西利亚多地，还与一名国会众议员见面。	According to Brazilian media, after his announcement of the test results, he drove his motorcycle to many places including Brasilia, and met with a member of the National Congress of Brazil.
此前，博索纳罗一直在总统官邸隔离办公。	Previously, he had been quarantined in his official residence and working from there.
博索纳罗本月7日在当地多家媒体联合直播中宣布，他本人6日进行的新冠病毒检测结果为阳性，14日和21日又进行了两次检测，结果均呈阳性。	On July 7th, he announced in a joint live broadcast on multiple media that the result of his COVID-19 test on July 6th was positive, and he was tested twice more on the 14th and 21st, both of which were positive.
江西为抗洪一线青年入伍开辟“绿色通道” - 新华网	Jiangxi Province opens a “green passage” for young people fighting flooding at the frontline to enlist in the army -- Xinhua Net
新华社南昌7月26日电（郭冬明、熊亮）江西省人民政府征兵办公室近日明确，对在这次抗洪抢险救灾任务中表现突出的个人或其子女，符合应征条件，且体检、政治考核双合格的，给予优先定兵。	Xinhua News Agency, Nanchang, July 26th, 2020 (Guo Dongming, Xiong Liang) The servicemen recruitment office of the Jiangxi Provincial People’s Government recently announced that for individuals with outstanding performance in fighting flooding, if they or their children conform to the conditions to be serve and pass both the physical examination and political evaluation, they will be prioritized for enlistment.
“应征青年登记后，我们将联合应征青年所在社区、街道武装部和浔阳区征兵办核实后，予以优先定兵。”	“After the young people wishing to be recruited register, we will check their information alongside with the communities they live in, their neighborhood armed forces departments, and the recruitment office in Xunyang District, and then prioritize their enlistment. ”
九江市浔阳区人武部副部长王辉说，受洪灾影响，他们从25日开始，集中3天时间组织应征青年体检。	Wang Hui, the vice director of the People’s Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, Jiangxi Province, said that influenced by the flooding, they would organize physical examinations for the young people to be recruited within three days of July 25th.
九江市浔阳区应征青年周竞帆是一名22岁的大学毕业生，他的母亲是社区工作人员，父亲是空军某部的退伍老兵，十几天来周竞帆的父母一直在防汛抗洪一线值班值守。	Zhou Jingfan is a 22-year-old college graduate to be recruited in Xunyang District, Jiujiang City whose mother works in a community, and his father is a veteran retired from a department of the Air Force; during the past ten days, his parents have been on duty at the frontline to fight against the flooding.
“这些天，在新闻里看到人民子弟兵奋不顾身在抗洪一线保卫着自己的家乡，我也想成为像他们一样的人。”	“These days, when seeing servicemen in the news fighting at the frontline to protect our hometown regardless of their personal safety, I am deeply touched, and strongly desire to be like them. ”
周竞帆说，他从小就有个从军梦，通过这次抗洪更加坚定了他投身军营的决心。	Zhou Jingfan said, and the fight against the flooding this year further solidified his childhood dream to become a soldier.
九江市还把抗洪抢险作为征兵宣传的“活教材”，他们以社区为单位，号召应征青年自愿参加到巡逻查堤、值班值守等任务中，现地感悟人民军队的性质宗旨，坚定他们参军报国的信心。	Jiujiang City also used the fight against flooding as a “living textbook” for service propaganda, calling for young people to be recruited to voluntarily be on duty in their communities, so as to show the mission of the people’s army on the spot and strengthen their determination to work for the country.
九江市浔阳区人武部政委骆九瑜说，通过优先定兵的方式，希望能激励更多应征青年，营造出参加任务光荣、参军光荣的良好社会氛围。	Luo Jiuyu, political commissar of the People’s Armed Forces Ministry of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that they hoped to encourage more young people to enlist in the army for a better social atmosphere, highlighting tasks and military service as a means for prioritizing themselves for enlistment.
据越通社报道，格里沃里认为，越南25年来为东盟的发展作出巨大贡献。	The VIetnam News Agency (VNA) reports that Grigory Karasin believes Vietnam has contributed heavily to ASEAN’s development over the past 25 years.
越南不仅是东盟负责任的一员，更是东盟的火车头。	More than just a responsible member of ASEAN, Vietnam is its “locomotive”.
格里沃里表示，俄罗斯乃至亚欧经济联盟认为，越南为东盟提高其地位，对外推广其形象做出贡献。	Grigory stated that both Russia and the Eurasian Economic Union believe Vietnam has contributed greatly to raising ASEAN’s profile and promoting its image in other parts of the world.
他强调，“东盟因此应该感谢越南。”	He said, “Vietnam deserves ASEAN’s thanks for these things. “
格里沃里表示，分析人士对越南所提出的和平倡议给予认可。	He also said that analysts have expressed approval for Vietnam’s peace initiative.
越南愿意同东盟各国分享经验，对包括东海问题在内的亚太地区面临的问题提出建设性的和平措施。	Vietnam hopes to share its experience with other ASEAN countries and build constructive, peaceful mechanisms to address issues in the Asia-Pacific region, including those in the East China Sea.
关于越南与俄罗斯在东盟框架下的合作，格里沃里认为，越南为俄罗斯与东盟的合作关系提供支持，帮助俄罗斯在这一合作框架下获得利益。	In terms of Vietnam-Russia cooperation within the ASEAN framework, Grigory believes ASEAN provides support for the cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Russia, and that Russia benefits from the cooperative framework provided by ASEAN.
包括俄罗斯在内的亚欧经济联盟与越南签署自贸协定后能够进军东盟市场。	Once a free trade agreement is signed between Vietnam and the Eurasian Economic Union, which includes Russia, the Eurasian Economic Union will be able to enter the ASEAN market.
格里沃里建议最大限度扩大亚欧经济联盟与东盟各国的自由贸易区，进而创造经济和安全稳定的平台。	Grigory advises that the free trade area between ASEAN countries and the Eurasian Economic Union be enlarged to the maximum possible extent to create a platform for economic and security stability.
格里沃里同时相信，俄罗斯、越南与东盟正在步入正轨并将实现其目标。	At the same time, Grigory believes that Russia, Vietnam, and the Eurasian Economic Union are on the right track, and that each will be able to achieve its goals.
从现在到2020年底，北江省将具备必要条件，尤其是在基础设施，人力资源和土地等方面，以便主动迎来外资流入，特别是拥有价值链和转让先进技术的跨国集团。	From now until the end of 2020, particularly in terms of basic infrastructure, human resources, and land, Bac Giang Province will possess the conditions necessary to actively seek inflows of foreign investment, especially for multinational groups which possess value chains and transfer advanced technologies.
此外，北江省将办理好递交政府总理决定对越韩工业区基础设施建设与经营项目投资的主张和批准将本省安山-北陇和安闾两个工业-城市-服务业区补充列入至2020年越南工业区发展总体规划的文件。	Bac Giang Province has also completed and submitted its plan to enact the Prime Minister’s directive to invest in infrastructure building and operations projects in the Vietnam-Korea Industrial Zone, and has approved the addition of two industry-city-service zones in the province, Anshan-Beilong and Anlu, to the 2020 Vietnam Industrial Zone Development Master Plan document.
与此同时，北江省着力加快各项目的进度，尤其是在和富、光州，双溪-内皇等工业园区集群的基础设施建设经营项目，为招商引资形成土地基金。	At the same time, Bac Giang is working to accelerate progress on every project, especially for infrastructure building and operations in the Hefu, Guangzhou, and Shuangxi industrial zones, to form a land fund to attract investment.
在2020年内，北江省工贸局参就定工业区、工业集群规划建言献策，以纳入省规划。	In 2020, the Department of Industry and Trade of Bac Giang Province will assist in planning industrial zones and clusters, and make suggestions and proposals for these to be included in provincial planning.
北江省确定将发展工业园区集群与保障国防安全，保护生态环境，保障粮食安全相结合，进而助推工业均衡发展；拥有全面的电力，供水，交通和电信等基础设施，并与城市建设，贸易服务，工人住房和医疗卫生、教育等其他社会基础设施等相结合。	Bac Giang has determined that it will integrate national defense, ecological and environmental protection and food security guarantees into the development of industrial clusters; they will possess comprehensive basic infrastructure for electricity, water supply, transportation, and telecommunications, and will be combined with the basic infrastructure required by other social fields such as city-building, trade services, worker housing, medical treatment, and education.
在工业区，北江省着力呼吁对电力，电子，电信设备，精密机械，辅助工业等领域中的高科技，清洁技术的投资项目。	In industrial zones, Bac Giang Province is seeking high-tech and clean technology investment projects in fields such as power, electronics, telecommunications equipment, precision machinery, and their supporting industries.
在工业园区集群，该省呼吁对生产、利用就地劳动力、尤其是农产品、食品加工等领域的中小型规模投资项目。	In industrial zone clusters, the province seeks small and medium-scale investment projects for which production and utilization engages local labor, especially in areas such as food products and food processing.
未来，北江省将着力加快对北江市后勤物流中心的基础设施的投资，与工业园区集群同步发展，以优化货物、货币流通和有助于降低生产成本，提高货物价值，优化供应链，发展多式联运，从而为投资者投资于本省创造吸引力。	In the future, Bac Giang Province plans to accelerate basic infrastructure investment in the logistics center of Bac Giang City and allow it to develop simultaneously with industrial park zones as a means to optimize the circulation of goods and money, effectively lower production costs, enhance the value of goods, improve supply chains, and develop more combined transport networks, and thereby make the province more attractive for investors.
升级版俄罗斯武装直升机卡-52M年底首次出厂-新华网	Upgraded Russian Armed Helicopter Kamov Ka-52M will Leave the Factory for the First Time at the End of the Year - Xinhua Net
新华社莫斯科7月25日电 根据俄罗斯国防部计划，俄武装直升机（下称武直）卡-52的升级版 ——卡-52M将于今年12月首次完成改造换装并出厂，该机型在侦察、通信和武器性能方面将有较大提升。	MOSCOW, July 25 (Xinhua) According to the plan of Russian Defense Ministry, the upgraded version of the Russian Armed Helicopter Kamov Ka-52, the Kamov Ka-52M, will be complete and leave the factory for the first time in December; the new helicopter will have greatly enhanced detection, communication, and weapon performance.
据俄《消息报》日前报道，武直卡-52M名为“超级短吻鳄”，其研制合同于去年4月由俄军方与军工单位签订，目前首批2架该升级版武直正在俄“进步”航空航天集团公司的远东直升机制造厂接受改造换装，其国家级测试和改进收尾工作将于2022年10月前结束。	According to recent reports in Russia’s Izvestiya, the Kamov Ka-52M is nicknamed the “Super Alligator”, and the contract for its development was signed between the Russian military and military institutions in April last year; now, the first batch of the two upgraded Kamov Ka-52M are being completed at the Far Eastern Helicopter Factory of Russian “Progress” Aerospace Cooperation, and national-level testing and final improvements of the design will conclude by October 2022.
据了解上述升级工作的俄专家介绍，“超级短吻鳄”的“前辈”——武直卡-52于2011年11月正式列装，该机型在使用中暴露出一些弱点，此次改造升级正是为了“补短板”。	According to Russian experts familiar with the aforementioned upgrading work, the “predecessor” of the “Super Alligator”, the Kamov Ka-52, was officially commissioned in November 2011, but defects were discovered during use, so the upgrading was designed to for “address the defects”.
报道说，与卡-52相比，卡-52M将部分采用不会增加重量的新型防护材料，其飞行员座舱将被加固，配备抵御导弹攻击的新装备，从而增加战场生存概率；装配功率更大的发电机，以便为更加复杂的机载电子设备供电；光电系统升级，能够侦察、识别相距更远的战场目标；配备主要攻击装甲战车和钢筋混凝土防御工事的新式轻型多用途导弹，其射程达20公里，比俄现役武直使用的同类导弹射程提高约1倍；其防御武器和通信设备将最大限度地与可攻击空中目标的米-28NM武装直升机通用，从而使相关维护变得简便和经济。	The report claimed that, in comparison with the Kamov Ka-52, the Kamov Ka-52M would partially use new armor materials which would not increase its weight, the seat of pilots would be consolidated with new equipment to defend against missile attacks to increase the possibility of survival in the battlefield, and it also has: a stronger power generator to generate electricity for more complex airborne electronic equipment; upgraded light and electricity systems, which detect and identify targets in the battlefield at great distances; new light missiles with multiple uses to mainly attack armored vehicles and reinforced concrete fortifications at a range of up to 20 kilometers, double the range of the same missile used in the current helicopter; and defensive weapons and communication equipment will be commonly used with Mi-28NM, which is able to attack targets in the air to make protection work more convenient and economical.
此外，卡-52M将拥有更先进的电子制导系统、武器瞄准系统和导航设备。	Besides, the Kamov Ka-52M will have more advanced electronic guidance systems, weapons targeting systems, and navigation equipment.
俄专家还表示，值得关注的是卡-52M将配备与无人机联络的通信设备，从而在空中实时获得附近无人机传输的情报，例如在该直升机的座舱屏幕上显示无人机拍摄的影像。	Russian experts also said that the Kamov Ka-52M would be equipped with communication equipment to connect with UAV’s to obtain real-time information transmitted by nearby airborne unmanned drones, so for instance, it can display photos taken by UAV’s on its cabin screen.
按计划，卡-52M的飞行员能直接操控与其配合的无人机，从而提高飞行员对战场形势的掌握和对远程导弹的制导。	According to the plan, the Kamov Ka-52M pilot will directly operate the coordinated UAV’s to improve their command of the battlefield and the guidance of long-distance missiles.
据俄媒体报道，俄国防部副部长克里沃鲁奇科在去年12月曾表示，俄国防部计划在2027年前购买110多架武直卡-52M。	It is reported by Russian media that Alexei Krivoruchko, Vice Minister of the Russian Defense Ministry, said in December last year that Russian Defense Ministry was projected to purchase over 110 Kamov Ka-52M helicopters by 2027.
新法令规定，坎帕尼亚大区自即日起室内公共场所必须戴口罩，违者最高可处以1000欧元罚金。	According to a new decree, people must wear masks in indoor public places in Campania from now on, and offenders can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
当地时间6月1日，意大利首都罗马，罗马斗兽场重新开放。	The Colosseum in Rome, the capital of Italy, was reopened on June 1 local time.
据报道，根据大区政府颁布的最新防疫法令，坎帕尼亚大区民众乘坐所有公共交通工具，以及出入商店、酒吧、超市和展馆等室内公共场所，均必须遵照防疫要求佩戴口罩。	It is reported that according to the latest pandemic prevention law issued by the regional government, people in Campania must wear masks in accordance with the requirements when taking all public transport, as well as in and out of shops, bars, supermarkets, exhibition halls, and other indoor public places.
违反该规定者最高可处以1000欧元罚金。	Offenders can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
法令同时规定，进入坎帕尼亚大区的所有来自非申根国家的旅客均须进行隔离。	The decree also stipulates that all passengers who are not from Schengen countries entering Campania must be quarantined.
大区政府将授权卫生机构协调安排特定酒店，对阳性无症状者进行隔离。	The regional government will authorize health institutions to coordinate and arrange specific hotels to quarantine asymptomatic infections.
该法令7月25日起正式生效。	The decree came into effect on July 25.
在不到一个小时的时间内，已有3名进入超市的顾客接受了罚款。	In less than an hour, three customers who entered the supermarket without wearing masks were fined.
河北今年以来河湖生态补水17.5亿立方米-中新网	Ecological water restoration of 1.75 billion cubic meters to rivers and lakes has been realized in Hebei Province so far this year -Ecns.cn
新华社石家庄7月26日电（记者王昆）记者从河北省水利厅了解到，今年以来，河北省统筹利用引江水和本地水库水，陆续向滹沱河、唐河、拒马河等28条河流和白洋淀实施了生态补水，累计完成河湖生态补水17.5亿立方米。	SHIJIAZHUANG, July 26 (Xinhua, by Wang Kun) According to the Department of Water Resources of Hebei Province, since this year, Hebei Province has been coordinating the water diverted from rivers and local reservoirs to implement ecological water replenishment of a total of 1.75 billion cubic meters to 28 rivers and lakes including Hutuo River, Tang River, Juma River, and Baiyang Lake.
河北省紧紧抓住南水北调中线工程加大流量输水的有利时机，利用引江水向唐河、沙河、潴龙河等河流实施了生态补水。	Hebei Province seized the opportunity to increase the flow of water from the South-to-North Water Diversion Middle Route Project and implemented ecological water replenishment to rivers such as the Tang River, the Sha River, and the Zhulong River with the diverted river water.
与此同时，利用西大洋、东武仕等9座大中型水库及白洋淀向滏阳河、青龙河等河流实施了生态补水，累计形成水面面积超过90平方公里。	Meanwhile, nine large and medium-sized reservoirs, Xidayang Reservoir and Dongwushi reservoir for example, and Baiyang Lake supplied water to rivers such as Fuyang River and Qinglong River, creating a total water surface area of over 90 square kilometers.
为做好生态补水工作，河北省水利厅积极组织开展补水河流隐患排查、整治加固和河道清洁工作，细化实化措施，加强巡查管护。	In order to do a good job of ecological water replenishment, the Department of Water Resources of Hebei Province actively organizes the investigation of hidden hazards, rectification and reinforcement, and river cleaning work to strengthen inspection and management with detailed and practical implementation measures.
通过督导检查与集中暗访，及时解决各类问题，确保了河流补水安全有序。	Through supervision, inspection, and intensive & secret inquiries, various problems were resolved in time to ensure the safe and smooth replenishment work.
据河北省水利厅相关负责人介绍，河湖生态补水的有序实施，有效修复了河北省河湖水生态环境，促进了沿岸地下水的回补和涵养，极大改善了沿线人居环境和经济发展环境，对实现“水清、岸绿、河畅、景美”的河湖管理保护目标具有重要意义。	According to the person in charge of the relevant division in the Department of Water Resources of Hebei Province, the smooth ecological water replenishment effectively restored the ecological environment of rivers and lakes in Hebei Province, and was also conducive to the replenishment and nourishment of groundwater along the river bank; besides greatly improving the living and economic development environment, it is deeply significant in the process of realizing the goal of "clear water, green shores, unobstructed courses, and beautiful scenery" for managing and protecting rivers and lakes.
（德国之声中文网）过去两周内，西班牙的新冠确冠病例大幅回升，多日出现上千新增病例。	(Deutsche Welle Chinese) Over the past two weeks, the number of new confirmed COVID-19 cases has risen sharply, with thousands of new cases over the past several days.
英国政府周六（7月25日）晚间临时决定，从当地时间26日零点起，将西班牙从安全旅行名单中移除，从西班牙入境英国的人必须隔离14天。	The UK government issued a temporary decision on Saturday evening (July 25th) that starting on the 26th, local time, Spain will be removed from the travel corridors list, and that people entering the UK from Spain must quarantine for 14 days.
正在西班牙度假的英国游客听闻此项决定纷纷表示惊讶、担心、甚至愤怒，因为消息突如其来，令人措手不及。	UK tourists on vacation in Spain expressed surprise, worry, and anger when they heard about the decision, as the sudden news caught them off guard.
据报道，英国交通大臣沙普斯（Grant Shapps）目前也在西班牙度假。	Reports state that UK Transportation Secretary Grant Shapps is currently vacationing in Spain.
英国发布隔离措施前，挪威也已宣布从西班牙返回挪威的人要进行为期10天的隔离。	Prior to the UK’s announcement of the new quarantine measures, Norway also announced that people traveling to Norway from Spain would need to isolate for 10 days.
法国和比利时建议本国居民放弃前方巴塞罗那以及周边地区度假的计划。	France and Belgium advised their residents to preemptively cancel any vacation plans in Barcelona and its surrounding areas.
这些地区的海滩人满为患，人与人之间无法保持社交距离，警察一度需要采取措施，以减少海滩游客的数量。	The overcrowding on beaches in these areas makes it impossible to maintain social distancing, and police have been required to take measures to reduce the number of tourists on beaches.
旅游业是西班牙的重要支柱产业	Tourism is one of Spain’s most important industries.
西班牙：这里是安全的	Spain: This is a safe place.
针对英国做出的决定，西班牙外交部周日表示，该国疫情得到控制。	In response to the UK’s decision, Spain’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed on Sunday that the country’s epidemic was under control.
西班牙外交部长冈萨雷斯（Arancha Gonzalez Laya）向媒体强调：" 西班牙是安全的，不仅对西班牙人而言，对游客来说也是安全的。"	Spanish Foreign Minister Arancha Gonzalez Laya stated to the media, “Spain is a safe place, not just for Spanish citizens, it’s also safe for tourists. “
西班牙政府将试图说服英国政府将巴利阿里群岛（Balearic Islands）和加那利群岛（Canary Islands）排除在隔离措施之外。	Spain’s government will make attempts to persuade the UK government that the Balearic Islands and Canary Islands should be excluded from the quarantine measures.
理由是，这两个旅游胜地的感染率远低于英国本土。	Their reasoning is that the infection rate in these two tourist destinations is significantly lower than in the UK.
为防止疫情扩散，西班牙加泰罗尼亚地区也已重启"禁足令"。	The Catalonia region of Spain has also reinstated its “football ban” to curb the epidemic.
旅游业是西班牙的重要支柱产业，而西班牙是最受英国游客青睐的度假地之一。	Tourism is one of Spain’s pillar industries, and the country is one of the most popular vacation destinations for UK tourists
英国的这一决定预计将会使西班牙的旅游业大受影响。	The UK’s decision is expected to have a significant impact on Spain’s tourism industry.
安静/任琛（德新社，路透社）	An Jing/Ren Chen (Deutsche Presse-Agentur, Reuters)
中伏首日：北京暂别高温酷暑 开启降雨模式-新华网	First day of Zhongfu: Escaping the intense heat as the rainy days start in Beijing -- Xinhua Net
新华社北京7月26日电（记者倪元锦）7月26日是今年的“中伏”首日。	BEIJING, July 26, 2020 (Xinhua, by Ni Yuanjin) July 26 marks the beginning of “Zhongfu (the second phase of Sanfu)” this year.
26日凌晨的大风骤雨对流天气，驱散了连日来笼罩在北京地区的高温酷暑，新一轮降雨天气将持续数日。	During the small hours of July 26, the convective weather caused by strong wind and sudden downpours dispersed the intense heat that had lasted for several days; the rain will last for another several days.
北京市气象台26日11时发布称，26日北京有分散性阵雨（伴有弱雷电），日最高气温仅为27℃；夜间阴有小到中雨（伴有弱雷电），夜间最低气温为23℃。	According to the report from the Beijing Meteorological Service released at 11:00 on July 26, there will be scattered showers on July 26 in Beijing (with weak thunder and lightning), and the highest temperature will be just 27 degrees Celsius; at night, it will be cloudy with light to moderate rain (with weak thunder and lightning), and the lowest temperature will be 23 degrees Celsius.
而在此前的24日至25日，北京全市处在高温蓝色预警中，大部地区日最高气温在37℃左右，局地出现超过40℃的高温。	However, on July 24 and 25, Beijing was under a blue alert for high temperature; the highest temperature of most regions was 37 degrees Celsius, while some regions were even hotter, with a temperature of over 40 degrees Celsius.
伏天是一年之中气温最高、潮湿、闷热的日子，一年有“三伏”，最热在中伏，中国百姓说的“苦夏”就在此时。	Sanfu is the period with the highest temperature and humidity within a year, consisting of “three phases” every year, the second of which is the hottest, the period when people “lose their appetites”.
入伏时，家家填满谷仓，民间有“一伏饺子二伏面”的说法。	As the sanfu days draw near, people always fill their homes with diverse grains, and “eating dumplings for the first phase of Sanfu, while eating noodles for the second” is a long-lasting folk custom.
根据目前预报，未来三天，北京多阴雨天气。	According to current weather reports, in the next three days, there will be clouds and rain in Beijing.
气象部门提示公众尽量减少山区游玩，谨防地质灾害。	The meteorological service reminds us that mountain tours should be reduced in case of geological disasters.
据了解，今年的“中伏”有20天，从7月26日开始，至8月14日结束。	It is estimated that the second phase of Sanfu will last for 20 days, from July 26 to August 14.
进入“中伏”后，人会感到身体乏力、食欲不振。	During these days, people always feel feeble and have no appetite.
饮食上可选择绿豆、薏仁等具有清热解暑、健脾开胃作用的食物，以及苦菜、苦瓜等苦味食物，可有助于增进食欲、祛除暑气。	Therefore, mung beans and coix seeds should be eaten to clear the heat, invigorate the spleen, and stimulate the appetite, and bitter foods such as sow thistle and bitter gourd can also be eaten for the same functions.
发动机可能熄火 FAA急令查2000架波音客机-新华网	FAA launches urgent investigation of 2,000 passenger jets due to possible engine stalling - Xinhuanet
美国联邦航空局(FAA)24日发布紧急适航指令，要求对在美注册的大约2000架波音737NG和737Classic型客机作紧急检查，缘由是上述客机的空气止回阀遭腐蚀后可能导致发动机空中停车。	On the 24th, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an emergency Airworthiness Directive demanding an urgent inspection of the roughly 2,000 737NG and 737 Classic airliners registered in the US due to the fact that corrosion of the airliners’ air check valves may cause the engines to stall while in midair.
联邦航空局说，迄今收到4份737NG和737Classic型客机发动机空中停车的报告，因而作出紧急检查要求，检查对象是连续停放7天及以上的客机和重新投入飞行后迄今飞行次数低于11次的客机。	The FAA said it has received reports of 4 incidents of 737NG and 737 Classic aircraft engines stalling in midair, so it has issued the emergency inspection order for all passenger aircraft that have been idled for 7 days or more or reactivated aircraft which have made fewer than 11 flights.
联邦航空局警告，客机全部两台发动机的第5级止回阀如果都遭腐蚀，可能卡死在打开位置，导致客机完全失去动力且无法重启发动机。	The FAA warned that if the Level 5 check valves in both engines of a passenger airliner become corroded, they may become stuck in the open position, causing the aircraft to completely lose power and be unable to restart its engines.
这一航空监管机构下令，一旦发现止回阀遭腐蚀，航空运营商必须在客机再次投入使用前更换这一关键部件。	The regulatory agency’s order stipulates that if a check valve is found to be corroded, this critical component must be immediately replaced by the operator before the airplane may be returned to service.
波音公司当天晚些时候回应，新冠疫情暴发导致出行需求降低，不少客机因而被封存或较少使用 ， “ 止回阀更容易遭腐蚀 ” 。	Boeing responded later the same day, saying that because many aircraft had been idled or used less frequently due to the lower demand for travel caused by the COVID-19 epidemic, “which can make check valves more susceptible to corrosion”.
波音同时说，已经建议航空运营商检查指令涉及的客机，如果发现问题，波音将提供检修和更换止回阀等方面帮助。	At the same time, Boeing stated it has advised all operators to immediately inspect aircraft affected by the order, and if problems are discovered, Boeing will provide repair, replacement air check valves, and similar assistance.
美联社报道，美国主要航空运营商旗下客机通常一天内多次飞行，但在新冠疫情暴发后，大批客机停飞；随着旅客出行需求近来缓慢增长，一些客机重新投入运营。	The AP reported that aircraft owned by major US carriers typically fly several times a day, but due to the COVID-19 epidemic, a large number of airlines have been idled; as return for travel has gradually started to return, some of these aircraft have been returned to service.
联邦航空局没有发布4份空中停车报告的详细内容。	Details of the 4 reported stalling incidents were not released by the FAA.
阿拉斯加航空公司24日晚些时候披露其中一起事件。	Later on the 24th, Alaska Airlines disclosed that one of the incidents occurred on their aircraft.
这一航空运营商在声明中说，旗下一架客机7月15日从华盛顿州西雅图飞往得克萨斯州奥斯汀途中，一台发动机突然熄火，客机最终在奥斯汀机场成功紧急降落。	The airline released a statement claiming that as its aircraft was flying from Seattle, Washington to Austin, Texas, one of the engines suddenly stalled, and the aircraft finally made an emergency landing in Austin.
阿拉斯加航空公司说，已经更换那架客机的发动机，且已经按照联邦航空局指令检查6架客机的发动机。	Alaska Airlines said it had already replaced the aircraft’s engine and had inspected the engines of 6 more aircraft as directed by the FAA.
美国航空公司、联合航空公司和西南航空公司24日分别说，旗下客机没有出现关联空气止回阀的发动机熄火情况。	On the 24th, American Airlines, United Airlines, and Southwest Airlines stated they had not experienced air check valve-related engine stalling on their aircraft.
美国航空公司旗下4架客机将接受检查，联合航空公司旗下28架客机将接受检查。	Four American Airlines aircraft will be inspected, and 28 United Airlines aircraft will be inspected.
达美航空公司说将检查旗下20架客机，但没有说明是否出现过发动机熄火情况。	Delta Airlines declared that it will inspect the 20 affected aircraft it operates, but that no stalling incidents had occurred on its aircraft.
多家媒体报道，联邦航空局紧急适航指令是对波音的又一次冲击。	Reports from several press bureaus note that the FAA emergency Airworthiness Directive was another blow to Boeing.
印度尼西亚狮子航空公司和埃塞俄比亚航空公司各一架波音737MAX客机分别于2018年10月和2019年3月失事，合计致死346人。	Indonesia’s Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines each experienced a Boeing 737 Max crash in October 2018 and March 2019, respectively, with a total of 346 fatalities.
这一系列客机随后全球停飞，今年1月停产，5月恢复生产。	Flights of this model were subsequently grounded globally, production ceased in January of this year, and was resumed in May of this year.
联邦航空局局长史蒂夫·迪克森6月承认，就737MAX客机，联邦航空局在对波音的监管上“犯了错” 。	FAA Administrator Stephen Dickson admitted in June that the FAA “made a mistake” in its supervision of the 737 Max.
《叮咚上线!老师好》下周上线 薛兆丰领衔“知识发起人-新华网	Ding Dong! Hello, Teacher Will Be Broadcast Next Week, with Xue Zhaofeng Playing the “Knowledge Initiator” - Xinhua Net
又有新综艺上线。	There is a new variety show.
互动知识分享节目《叮咚上线!老师好》,将于7月20日起在湖南卫视播出。	The interactive knowledge sharing program Ding Dong! Hello, Teacher, will be broadcast in Hunan TV on July 20.
据了解,节目将打造全新的全年龄青春课堂,一批有颜有型又有才的老师将上阵,挑战趣味性知识输出。	The program will create a new youth classroom for all ages, with a team of good-looking and accomplished teachers on stage to present challenging and hilarious knowledge.
与以往老师群体在大众心中的严肃印象不同,《叮咚上线!老师好》集结的是一群颜值和才华兼具的知识代表。	Different from the serious impression left by teachers upon the general public, Ding Dong! Hello, Teacher brings together a group of good-looking and accomplished knowledge elites.
他们既是来自各学科的青年知识榜样,还是一群会抖包袱、擅长寓教于乐的全能“段子手”。	They are all young specialists in different subjects, and comprehensive “punsters” good at educating through entertainment.
节目中,这群优秀青年知识榜样作为“知识分享官”,将要挑战趣味性的知识课堂。	During the program, these extraordinary young professors will act as “knowledge sharers”, creating a challenging, fun, and educational environment.
他们需要通过有态度的知识输出,展现所在学科最有趣的一面,来打动在场的观众。	They will provide knowledge using their own attitudes and show the most interesting aspects of their subjects to inspire the live audience.
而全年龄观众组成的“有道问问团”现场会提出百变问题,给“知识分享官”的授课提高难度,也给节目增添些许刺激的氛围。	The “Panel of Questioners” composed of audience members of all ages will raise diverse questions on the spot, making the job of delivering lectures even more difficult for the “knowledge sharers”, which will also inject a certain edge to the program.
据透露,此次“知识分享官”中有中国人民大学附属中学物理教师李永乐、考研指导名师张雪峰以及拥有十年从业经验的历史教师王磊等优秀青年教师,他们将以意想不到的方式向现场观众展现各个学科的“硬核”知识。	According to sources, the “knowledge sharers” include many excellent young teachers such as Li Yongle, a physics teacher from the High School Affiliated to Renmin University of China, Zhang Xuefeng, a well-known teacher in guiding students to get good grades in the postgraduate entrance examination, and Wang Lei, a history teacher with a decade of working experience, who will present the “hardcore” knowledge of different subjects to the live audience in ways you’d never expect.
另外,节目还邀请经济学教授薛兆丰作为节目的“知识发起人”,联合“叮咚助教”杜海涛和靳梦佳,与观众畅谈青春,打造“全民青春公开课”。	Beyond that, the program also invites Xue Zhaofeng, Professor of Economics to act as the “knowledge initiator” and works together with the “Dingdong Teaching Assistants” Du Haitao and Jin Mengjia, to discuss topics of youth with the live audience and create “Youth Public Lectures for All”.
香港特区政府政务司司长：形势严峻 全力抗疫-中新网	Chief Secretary for Administration of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region: all-out efforts to combat epidemic at critical juncture -Ecns.cn
新华社香港7月26日电 香港特区政府政务司司长张建宗26日表示，香港新冠肺炎疫情形势持续严峻，若疫情转坏，特区政府将果断采取更严厉管控措施，进一步限制经营场所营业和减少市民外出空间。	HONG KONG, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Chief Secretary for Administration of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Matthew Cheung Kin-chung said on July 26 that the situation of COVID-19 in Hong Kong continued to be severe, and if the epidemic turned worse, the HKSAR Government would decisively enact more stringent control measures to further restrict business operations and reduce the activity space for people.
但现阶段特区政府无意推出“居家令”或“禁足令”限制市民外出。	But at present, the SAR government has no intention to enact a "Stay-at-Home Order" or "Restriction Order" that restrict people from going out.
张建宗当日发表题为《形势严峻 全力抗疫》的网志。	Cheung Kin-chung published a weblog post on the same day entitled All-out efforts to combat epidemic at critical juncture.
他表示，这一波疫情是半年以来最严峻的，未来两星期将会十分关键，要尽力防止病毒在社区进一步扩散。	He said the current wave of the outbreak was the most serious one over the past six months and the coming fortnight would be crucial in the fight against further spread of the coronavirus in the community.
除了特区政府采取必要措施之外，市民自律和配合也非常重要。	While the Government would take all necessary measures in this battle, it was equally important for the public to exercise self-discipline and cooperation.
他呼吁市民务必尽量留在家中，减少社交接触和外出用餐。	He earnestly urged members of the public to stay home as much as possible, minimize social contact, and refrain from dining out.
市民应配合佩戴口罩的强制措施保护自己及他人，并注重个人和环境卫生及勤洗手，更应暂停非必要的亲友聚会或聚餐及减少到街市。	In compliance with the compulsory measures, citizens should wear a face mask to protect themselves and others while observing personal and environmental hygiene and washing their hands frequently, and should also suspend non-essential social or meal gatherings and reduce their visits to markets.
他表示，中央一直十分关心香港疫情变化及支持特区政府防疫抗疫工作，并积极回应行政长官最新要求，在加大检测能力和改装亚洲国际博览馆为类似“方舱医院”的工作上提供协助。	He emphasized that the Central Authorities had all along taken heed of the changes in Hong Kong’s epidemic situation and staunchly supported the anti-epidemic work of the HKSAR Government, and in response to the recent request of the Chief Executive, the Central Authorities offered timely assistance in enhancing the virus testing capacity and retrofitting AsiaWorld-Expo into a makeshift facility similar to the “mobile cabin hospital” on the Mainland.
张建宗表示，特区政府为特定高风险群组，即安老院舍、残疾院舍及护养院员工、餐厅员工、出租车司机和物业管理员工提供的免费病毒检测已全面展开，涉及人数多达40万。	Meanwhile, he stated that the Government’s initiative to provide free COVID-19 testing for designated high-risk groups was running at full steam, which would cover some 400,000 persons including staff of residential care homes for the elderly (RCHEs), residential care homes for persons with disabilities, as well as nursing homes, restaurant workers, taxi drivers, and property management staff.
他十分关注出现在安老院舍的感染个案，特区政府已为安老院舍院友安排特定的临时检疫中心。	He was very concerned about the recent emergence of local infection cases in RCHEs, so to meet such needs, the Government has arranged to set up designated temporary quarantine centers.
他表示，特区政府正在位于新界大屿山的竹篙湾检疫中心附近兴建隔离检疫设施，预计可在9月底前提供额外700套隔离房。	He also said that quarantine facilities were being built in the vicinity of Penny’s Bay Quarantine Center at Lantau Island, and 700 additional units were expected to be available by the end of September.
行政长官也在19日宣布，特区政府将在竹篙湾检疫中心多兴建2000间隔离房，并争取于今年年底前落成。	The Chief Executive also announced on the 19th that the Government would build an additional 2,000 units at Penny’s Bay and strive to complete them by the end of this year.
加上该隔离检疫中心已经投入使用的800间，年底前竹篙湾检疫中心预计可提供共3500间隔离房。	With the commissioning of 800 quarantine units constructed on the Government land, the total number of quarantine units provided at Penny’s Bay will add up to 3,500.
香港目前共有四个正在运作的隔离检疫中心，共提供约2600间隔离房。	Currently, a total of about 2,600 units are in operation under four quarantine centers in Hong Kong.
此外，特区政府于24日重新启用位于香港岛的鲤鱼门公园度假村作为社区隔离设施，用于收治50岁以下有独立自理能力的患者。	Besides, Lei Yue Mun Park and Holiday Village on Hong Kong Island has been converted into community isolation facilities since July 24 for COVID-19 patients who are under the age of 50 with self-care capabilities.
常补党史、新中国史的“营养剂” - 中新网	"Nutrients" for Implementing the History of the Party and New China-Ecns.cn
2020-07-26 17:37:29 来源：人民论坛网 作者：朱延静 责任编辑：朱延静	2020-07-26 17:37:29 Source: www.ce.cn Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor: Zhu Yanjing
近日，习近平总书记在参观四平战役纪念馆时强调： “要让14亿人民、9000多万党员特别是各级领导干部很好学习中国共产党党史、新中国史。 ”	In recent days, General Secretary Xi Jinping said while visiting the Siping Battle Memorial Hall, “It is necessary for 1.4 billion people and more than 90 million party members, especially leading cadres at all levels, to learn the history of the Communist Party of China and the history of New China well. "
认真学习党史、新中国史，是党员干部不忘初心、牢记使命的必修课，要从中汲取丰富滋养，厚植家国情怀，走好新时代的长征路。	Studying the history of the Party and the history of New China is a compulsory course for party members and cadres to stay true to the original aspiration and founding mission; we should draw rich nourishment from history, build a strong sense of family and country, and walk the long march of the new era.
一部波澜壮阔的党史、新中国史记录着中国共产党自诞生以来的艰苦奋斗和光辉历程，展示了共产党人用生命和鲜血铸就的信念与忠诚、永远坚守的初心和使命。	The magnificent history of the Party and New China records the hard work and glorious history of the Communist Party of China since its founding, and demonstrates the faith and loyalty that the Communists have forged with their lives and blood, as well as the original aspiration and founding mission that they will always adhere to.
历史是最好的教科书，对于党员干部来说，党史、新中国史是这一教科书中最璀璨的篇章。	History is the best textbook, and for members and cadres of the Party, the history of Party and New China are the brightest chapters in this textbook.
每一名党员干部都要不断强化以史为鉴、走向未来的历史思维，立足新征程新使命，接好时代的“接力棒”，走好当代人的长征路。	Every member and cadre of the Party must continuously strengthen their historical thinking of using history as a mirror and moving towards the future, based on the new journey and new mission, accept the "relay baton" of the times, and walk the long march of the new era.
以史铸魂，在学习党史、新中国史中坚守初心使命。	We must cast the soul with history, and stick to the original mission in the study of the history of the Party and New China.
翻开党史、新中国史，满满的是中国共产党人永恒不变的初心使命和坚如磐石的信念坚守，彰显出共产党人永远和人民在一起的质朴情怀。	Looking through the history of the Party and New China, we find it is full of the eternal and unchanging original aspiration and founding mission of the Chinese Communists and the adherence to rock-solid convictions, which demonstrates the simple desire of the Communists to walk with the people forever.
近距离去了解党史、新中国史的重要事件、重要会议、重要人物，不仅是直观的心灵震撼，思想洗礼，更是从灵魂深处读懂初心信仰的内涵，知晓使命担当的分量。	To understand important events, important meetings, and important figures in the history of the Party and New China up close is not only an intuitive baptism of thought, but also a deep understanding of the connotations of the original aspiration and the weight of the founding mission.
对于党员干部来说，想要不断砥砺初心使命、永葆先进本色，就要从党史、新中国史中找到我们出发的原点、初心的支点，保持清醒的认识和坚定的立场，激荡出为国为民奋勇拼搏的力量，确保革命先辈们用鲜血和生命打下的红色江山代代相传。	For the Party members and cadres, if they want to continuously forge their original aspiration and founding mission and maintain their advanced qualities, they must find the starting point and the fulcrum of our original intention from the history of the Party and New China, maintain a clear understanding and a firm stand, and find the strength to fight bravely for the country and the people and ensure that the red world their revolutionary ancestors laid down with their blood and lives will be passed on from generation to generation.
学史明智，在学习党史、新中国史中传承崇高精神。	Studying history can make people wise, so we can inherit the noble spirit in the study of the history of the Party and New China.
自中国共产党成立后，先后塑造了红船精神、井冈山精神、长征精神、延安精神、抗战精神、西柏坡精神 、“ 两弹一星”精神、航天精神等一系列伟大精神。	Since the founding of the Communist Party of China, it has successively shaped a series of great spirits such as the Red Boat Spirit, the Jinggangshan Spirit, the Long March Spirit, the Yan'an Spirit, the Anti-Japanese War Spirit, the Xibaipo Spirit, the "Two Bombs and One Satellite" Spirit, and the Aerospace Spirit.
这些历史沉淀下的伟大精神，为我们党在前进道路上战胜各种风险挑战提供了强有力的精神激励，是打不垮、冲不散、抢不走的宝贵精神财富。	These great spirits precipitated by history have provided the Party with a powerful spiritual incentive to overcome various risks and challenges on the way forward, and are a precious spiritual wealth that cannot be defeated, washed away, or taken away.
学习党史、中国史的过程是对这些精神重温和自我精神塑造的过程，要自觉以革命先辈的崇高精神为镜，坚守好共产党人的精神家园，为推进伟大事业、实现伟大梦想筑牢坚实的精神基座，并将这些精神继承和弘扬下去，焕发出新的时代光芒。	The process of studying the history of the Party and China is a process of reviewing these spirits and shaping one's own spirit; we must conscientiously use the lofty spirit of the revolutionary ancestors as a mirror, stay true to the spiritual home of the Communists, and lay a solid spiritual foundation for advancing the great cause and realizing the great dream, and we should also inherit and carry forward these spirits, and make them glow with the light of the new era.
读史自省，在学习党史、新中国史中不断存正祛邪。	Reading history can make people reflect; we must continue to preserve righteousness and dispel evil in the study of the history of the Party and New China, .
对于党员干部来说，从没有任何一段历史，能够比党史、新中国史带来更加深刻的警示、启示与借鉴。	For Party members and cadres, there has never been any history that can deliver more profound warning, enlightenment, and reference than the history of the Party and New China.
在党史、新中国史中，既能看到老一辈革命家立志献身信仰、百折不挠为实现既定目标奋斗的伟大事迹，又能看到某些人物因理想信念动摇，走到革命对立面的深刻教训，启示和警示我们以坚定的决心和意志永不停滞、永不懈怠，始终葆有充沛顽强的斗争精神，不断纯洁党性、修身律己。	In the history of the Party and New China, we can see the great deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries who were determined to devote themselves to their faith and persevere in striving to achieve the established goals, but we also see the profound lessons of certain figures who were shaken in their ideals and beliefs and came to the opposite side of the revolution, which enlighten and warn us never to stop or slack off in our firm determination and will, always maintain a strong fighting spirit, continuously purify the spirit of the Party, and be self-disciplined.
想要真正成为一名共产主义远大理想的坚定信仰者、忠实实践者，需要拂去思想“灰尘” 、 严防“污垢”染身，党史、新中国史应成为每一名党员干部检视自我、警示自我的依据。	To truly become a firm believer and loyal practitioner of the lofty ideals of communism, one needs to clean off ideological “dust” and guard against “dirt”; the history of the Party and New China should become the basis for every Party member and cadre to examine and warn himself.
知史励志，在学习党史、新中国史中勇挑时代重任。	Knowing history can inspire people; we should bravely take on the important tasks of the times in the study of the history of the Party and New China.
习近平总书记曾指出：“学习党史、国史，是坚持和发展中国特色社会主义、把党和国家各项事业继续推向前进的必修课 。”	General Secretary Xi Jinping once pointed out, "Learning the history of the Party and the country is a compulsory course for upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and continuing to advance the various undertakings of the Party and the country. "
回望历史、叩问初心，为的是赓续光荣、走向未来。	Looking back at history and seeking our original aspirations allows us to maintain our glory and move towards a bright future.
每一名党员干部都应当把学习党史、新中国史作为一种终身追求，在学习中不断摆正人生航向，在各自工作岗位上勇担历史使命、敢于担当负责、积极主动作为。	Every Party member and cadre should adopt the study of the history of the Party and New China as lifelong pursuit, constantly set the course of life in their studies, and bravely assume the historical mission, dare to assume responsibility, and act proactively in our respective jobs.
坚持以老一辈革命家的先进事迹为参照和指引，不断擦亮共产党人的政治本色，保持只争朝夕、奋发有为的奋斗姿态和越是艰险越向前的斗争精神，在中华民族伟大复兴的浩荡征程中，书写属于自己的灿烂一笔。	We should adhere to the reference and guidance of the advanced deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries, constantly refine the political nature of the communists, maintain the attitude of struggle in seizing the day and making every effort, and the spirit of struggle in spite of the difficulties and hardships; in the great journey of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, we must write a brilliant stroke of our own.
“塞上江南”追寻诗意“黄河梦”-中新网	“The Great Wall of Jiangnan”, seeking the poetry of the “Yellow River Dream” - chinanews.com
(中国减贫故事)“塞上江南”追寻诗意“黄河梦”	(China poverty reduction story) “The Great Wall in Jiangnan”, seeking the poetry of the “Yellow River Dream”
中新社银川7月26日电(杨迪)“九曲黄河万里沙，浪淘风簸自天涯。”	China News Service, Yinchuan, reported July 26 (Yang Di) “Countless li of sands along the Yellow River’s endless turns as waves and wind rush onward from the horizon. “
激起无数文人赤子万丈豪情的黄河孕育了美丽富饶的宁夏平原，如今，拥有“塞上江南”美称的宁夏正坚持“生态优先、绿色发展”理念，追寻着诗意的“黄河梦”。	The Yellow River, which has inspired the passions of countless poets, birthed the beautiful and bountiful Ningxia Plain, and today, Ningxia, which bears the fond epithet “The Great Wall of Jiangnan”, upholds the concept of “environment first, green development” as it pursues the poetry of the “Yellow River Dream”.
河清水秀的“碧波梦”	The “Jade Dream” of clear river water
“天下黄河富宁夏”，黄河流经宁夏397公里，是养育一方的“母亲河”。	“The Yellow River brings all under heaven to enrich Ningxia” as it runs its 397 km course through the province, making it the “mother river” that provides the region’s resources.
但随着工业化、城镇化的快速推进，河湖开发利用与管理保护失衡，超标排污、围湖造田、侵占水域等乱象凸现，导致水体黑臭、水质超标、环境脏乱、生态退化。	However, because of rapid industrialization and urbanization, the utilization, management, and protection of rivers and lakes has become imbalanced, with factors such as excessive sewage, land reclamation, and invasive practices leading to black and smelly waters, declining water quality, dirty natural environments, and ecological degradation.
现在，宁夏正推动水生态多样修复，努力还黄河水秀河清。	Today, Ningxia is working to restore a wide variety of water bodies, and striving to make the Yellow River flow with clear, beautiful water.
治水要从源头下手。	Treating the waters begins at the source.
在宁夏银川，当地采取“提标+治污+严管”的方式，工业园区污水全部实现集中处理，城镇污水处理厂全部实现一级A标准排放，城市建成区黑臭水体基本消除，成功申报第三批中国黑臭水体示范城市。	In Ningxia’s Yinchuan, through a “raising standards + cleaning up pollution + strict management” method, all wastewater from industrial parks is collected and treated, all urban water treatment plants have achieved Class A discharge standards, bodies of dark and smelly water in built-up urban areas have essentially been eliminated, and the city’s application to be included in the Third Batch of China Model Cities for Dark and Odorous Water Management has been approved.
此外，宁夏于2017年全面推行河湖长制，如今已实现区市县乡村五级河湖长制责任体系全覆盖，河湖长巡河成为常态。	In addition, in 2017, Ningxia comprehensively implemented its long-distance lakes and rivers management regulation, and has now achieved full coverage of its five-level responsibility system for these regulations across all urban and rural areas, meaning that long-distance river and lake patrols have become a common site.
64岁的顾金成居住在黄河边的一个村庄，他目睹了黄河的变化：“以前的水一股臭味，经过整治后臭味也没有了。”	Gu Jincheng, 64, a resident of a village near the Yellow River, has personally witnessed the river’s transformation, and says, “The water used to stink, but after cleaning and treatment, the smell is gone. “
顾金成说，生态环境好了，他的生活也更舒畅，现在他时常和家人去黄河边散步，感受碧水蓝天。	He says that with an improved environment, his life has become more comfortable, and he now often takes walks with his relatives by the Yellow River, where they appreciate the clear water and blue skies.
沙鸥翔集的“湿地梦”	The “Wetland Dream” of sand and circling gulls
飞鸟、绿树、栈道、碧水……范仲淹笔下“沙鸥翔集”的美景在宁夏银川的黄河湿地公园成为了现实。	Birds, green trees, wooden roads, clear water... the beautiful Ningxia scenery described in Fan Zhongyan’s “Sand, Geese, and Feathers Chronicle” has become a reality in the Yellow River Wetland Park in Yinchuan, Ningxia.
黄河流经宁夏，沿途形成了河流湿地、湖泊湿地、沼泽湿地等多种湿地，对促进水资源合理利用和水生态平衡具有重要作用，同时也成为国际上重要的鸟类迁徙通道。	As the Yellow River flows through Ningxia, it forms river wetlands, lake wetlands, marsh wetlands, and other wetlands along its route, which play a critical role in the rational management of water resources and maintaining ecological balance, and internationally, have also become important stops on the migration routes of birds.
自2009年以来，宁夏相关部门已累计投入湿地保护工程项目资金约34.5亿元人民币，目前，银川湿地面积为1.92万公顷，湿地保护率达78.5%，有自然湖泊、沼泽湿地近200个，拥有5处国家湿地公园、1处国家城市湿地公园、6处自治区级湿地公园、8处市级公园。	Since 2009, the related departments in Ningxia have invested a total of 3.45 billion RMB in wetland protection projects; presently, Yinchuan’s wetlands cover 19,200 hectares, of which 78.5% are protected areas; Yinchuan has nearly 200 natural lakes and marsh wetlands, has 5 national wetland parks, 1 national urban wetland park, 6 autonomous region wetland parks, and 8 municipal parks.
银川市湿地保护中心副主任吕金虎告诉记者，湿地保护增加了生物多样性，在鸟类身上体现得尤为明显，“遗鸥是一种濒危鸟类，全世界只有2万多只，其中银川湿地就栖息着2千多只。”	Deputy director of the Yinchuan Wetland Conservation Center Lu Jinhu expressed to this reporter that wetland protection has increased biodiversity, which is especially apparent in the variety of bird species, “The relict gull is endangered, with just over 20,000 left in the world, of which more than 2,000 nest in Yinchuan wetlands. “
同时，宁夏依法对黄河银川段两岸湿地保护区域划定了500米区间的红线，规定除公益项目外，任何单位和个人不得在保护范围内进行开发建设和经营活动。	Ningxia has also passed laws that delineate a 500-meter “red line” wetland protection zone on both sides of the Yellow River, and which bans all development, construction, and business activities in the protected zone except for public welfare projects.
银川市水利服务中心副主任赵少勇介绍，通过污染源头治理、综合整治河湖生态以及末端湿地建设，如今宁夏9条主要入黄排水沟水质已经100%达到Ⅳ类标准，“现在水也清了，鱼也游了，花也开了。”	Zhao Shaoyong, deputy director of Yinchuan Water Conservation Service Center, says that source management of pollution, overall restoration and improvement of lake and river ecosystems, and wetland terminal construction, 100% of the water flowing in Ningxia’s 9 major drainage channels into the Yellow River reaches Class IV standards, and he adds, “Now the water is clear, fish swim in it, and flowers bloom around it. “
普惠民生的“饮水梦”	The “Drinking Water Dream” of universal livelihood improvement
宁夏银川市曾有一个“尴尬”的称号：沿黄城市中唯一一个“守着黄河缺水喝”的城市。	Yinchuan in Ningxia once bore an “awkward” honorific: the only city to look out on the banks of the Yellow River that lacks drinking water.
从2010年起，银川市就开始面临持续性的夏季高峰期的缺水问题，近十年的“缺水之痛”成为众多高楼层居民夏日痛苦的经历，但在各大水源地处于超采极限、市区地下已形成大面积地下水超采漏斗区的现状下，水源性缺水已成为困扰银川市的难题。	Starting in 2010, Yinchuan faced perennial water shortages during the peak summer season, and over the past decade, this water shortage has become a painful summer experience for many high-rise dwellers, but with all major water sources extremely stressed and the city’s drilling and exploitation of huge areas of groundwater, water shortages were a significant problem for Yinchuan.
得益于黄河水质的改善，饮用净化后的黄河水成为解决当地居民饮水难题的良方。	But thanks to the improvements in the quality of the Yellow River’s water, purifying the river water has become a way to supply drinking water to local residents.
银川市水务局副局长丁明介绍，为改善银川城乡居民生活生产用水需求，宁夏适时启动银川都市圈城乡西线供水工程，用优质的黄河水替换原有的地下水源地。	Ding Ming, deputy director of Yinchuan Water Affairs Bureau, said that to meet Yinchuan’s demand for residential water, Ningxia initiated the Yinchuan Municipal Western Water Supply Line project in time to replace the city’s original groundwater supply with high-quality water from the Yellow River.
“2019年12月29日，供水工程正式向银川市三区通水，2020年，闽宁镇、贺兰县的居民也喝上了黄河水 。 ”	“The project officially began supplying water to Yinchuan on December 29, 2019, and in 2020, the residents of Minning Town and Helan County also began to drink Yellow River water.” “
丁明说，银川水利部门将统筹考虑区域农村饮水与城市供水一体化的改造，“下一步，我们将把农村分散的供水点整合后全部接入西线供水工程，预计今年年底基本实现银川区域的城乡一体化供水。”	Ding Ming said that the Yinchuan Water Conservation Department is considering integrating urban water supply and rural drinking water provision, stating, “Our next step is to integrate the scattered water supplies in rural areas and connect them to the Western Water Supply Line Project, and by the end of the year, we expect to essentially integrate all of Yinchuan’s urban and rural water supply systems. “
压实责任 各部门强化防汛救灾工作-中新网	To Reinforce Accountability, All Departments to Consolidate Flood Control and Relief Efforts-ChinaNews.com
压实责任 各部门强化防汛救灾工作	To Reinforce Accountability, All Departments to Consolidate Flood Control and Relief Efforts
央视网消息(新闻联播)：来自水利部的消息，今天(7月25日)12时，淮河干流王家坝以下河段超警戒水位0.64～3.31米，长江中下游干流沙市以下江段及两湖超警戒水位0.05～2.02米。	From cctv.com(CCTV News): According to information from Ministry of Water Resources, at noon today (July 25), water levels at the section below Wangjiaba on the Huaihe River main stream exceeded the warning level by 0.64 to 3.31 meters, and water levels below Shashi City on the mid and lower main stream of the Yangtze River and in Hunan and Hubei provinces the warning level by 0.05 to 2.02 meters.
太湖自6月28日超警戒水位以来，已持续28天。	Since Taihu Lake first went over the warning water level on June 28, it has remained so for 28 days.
今天12时，太湖平均水位4.67米，超保证水位0.02米。	At 12:00pm today, the average water level of Taihu Lake was 4.67 meters, 0.02 meters over the safe water level.
今天，国家防总经会商研判，决定继续维持长江、淮河防汛Ⅱ级响应，要求各地压实责任，进一步落实防汛救灾各项工作。	Today, after thorough discussion and judgment, State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters decided to maintain the Level II Response for Yangtze River and Huaihe River flood control, meaning all jurisdictions are to be held accountable for further implementing flood control and disaster relief measures.
今天，国家防办、应急管理部紧急调派山东、江苏、浙江、福建的专业排涝车帮助江西解决当地因强降雨导致的城市内涝等问题。	Today, the Office of State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters and Ministry of Emergency Management dispatched specialist drainage vehicles from Shangdong, Zhejiang, and Fujian to help Jiangxi with problems like urban waterlogging caused by the heavy rainfall.
美国首次以“人民币汇率低估”对中国展开反补贴调查	The United States Launches an Anti-Subsidy Investigation Against China with "Undervalued RMB Exchange Rate" for the First Time
针对美国商务部近日宣布，决定对原产于中国的扎带（束线带）产品发起反倾销反补贴调查，并就“人民币汇率低估“项目发起调查。	The US Department of Commerce recently announced that it has decided to initiate anti-dumping and anti-subsidy investigations into Chinese strapping products, as well as an investigation on the "undervalued RMB exchange rate" project.
中国商务部指出，这是美国首次在反补贴案件中立案调查所谓”人民币汇率低估“项目，中方对此坚决反对。	China's Ministry of Commerce pointed out that this is the first time that the United States has launched an anti-subsidy case to investigate the so-called "undervalued RMB exchange rate" project, and China is firmly opposed to this.
中国商务部23日晚间特别就此发布新闻稿表示，中国实行以市场供求为基础、参考一篮子货币进行调节、有管理的浮动汇率制度，市场在汇率形成中起决定性作用。	China's Ministry of Commerce issued a special press release on the evening of the 23rd, saying that China implements a managed floating exchange rate regime based on market supply and demand, with reference to a basket of currencies, and that the market plays a decisive role in the formation of exchange rates.
新闻稿强调，总体上，人民币汇率处于合理均衡水平，并没有被低估。	“On the whole, the RMB exchange rate is at a reasonable and balanced level and is not undervalued,” the press release stressed.
自2005年以来，人民币对美元已累计升值超过17% 。	Since 2005, the RMB has appreciated by more than 17% against the US dollar.
根据国际清算银行公布的数据，2005年初至2020年5月，人民币名目有效汇率升值38%，实际有效汇率升值49%，是G20经济体中最强势的货币，在全球范围内也是升值幅度最大的货币之一。	According to data released by the Bank for International Settlements, from the beginning of 2005 to May 2020, the nominal effective exchange rate of RMB appreciated by 38% and the real effective exchange rate by 49%, making it the most powerful currency among the G20 economies and one of the currencies with the highest appreciation in the world.
商务部指出，汇率问题超出了成员按照世界贸易组织规则进行反补贴调查的权限。	The Ministry of Commerce pointed out that the exchange rate issue goes beyond the members' authority to conduct anti-subsidy investigations in accordance with the WTO rules.
美国今年2月修改法规以对别国汇率进行反补贴调查，已涉嫌违反世贸组织WTO规则，受到多方面反对。	In February this year, the United States amended its laws and regulations to conduct anti-subsidy investigations into other countries' exchange rates, which is suspected of violating WTO rules and has been opposed by many parties.
新闻稿称，即使按照美国法规，申请人的申诉内容也存在大量错误，不具备财政资助、利益授予和专向性等反补贴必备要素。	Even under U.S. regulations, the applicant's complaint contains a number of errors and lacks the necessary anti-subsidy elements such as financial aid, grant of benefits and exclusivity, the press release said.
中方敦促美方遵守现有国际规则，停止对所谓“人民币汇率低估”进行反补贴调查。	China urges the US to abide by existing international rules and stop conducting anti-subsidy investigations on the so-called "undervalued RMB exchange rate".
受中美关系紧张情势进一步升高影响，离岸、在岸人民币对美元汇率22日盘中一度大贬，双双跌破1美元兑人民币7.0元关口。	The offshore and onshore RMB exchange rates fell sharply against the US dollar on the 22nd, both falling below the mark of USD $1 to RMB 7.0 as tensions between China and the US escalated.
美国商务部此举是否意在逼升人民币值得关注。	It is a matter of concern whether the U.S. Department of Commerce's move is intended to push up the RMB.
人民币对美元即期汇价23日升破7.0大关，收在6.9961。	The spot exchange rate of the RMB against the US dollar rose above 7.0 on the 23rd, closing at 6.9961.
受官方调控的人民币对美元汇率中间价，24日下调17个基本点，报6.9938。	The central parity rate of the RMB against the US dollar, which is regulated by the government, fell 17 basis points to 6.9938 on the 24th.
随着疫情逐渐好转，沉寂了将近半年的影视行业也陆续恢复正常。	As the pandemic situation improves, the film and television industry gradually returns to normal after half a year of silence
日前，第26届上海电视节组委会公布本届白玉兰奖入围名单。	Several days ago, the organizing committee of the 26th Shanghai TV Festival announced the Magnolia Award nominees.
在最佳男女演员方面，实力派中生代演员占据绝对优势，雷佳音、陈宝国、张若昀、孙红雷、黄磊将竞争最佳男演员，海清、马伊琍、秦海璐、孙俪、闫妮将竞争最佳女演员。	In terms of best actor and best actress, experienced middle-aged performers have an overwhelming advantage, with Lei Jiayin, Chen Baoguo, Zhang Ruoyun, Sun Honglei, and Huang Lei competing for best actor, and Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, and Yan Ni competing for best actress.
结果将于8月7日正式揭晓。	The results will be officially unveiled on August 7th.
从目前来看，从高考话题切入，描摹“中国式家庭”的现实教育题材电视剧《小欢喜》，拿下“最佳中国电视剧”、“最佳导演”、 “最佳编剧”、“最佳女主角”、“最佳男/女配角”共6项提名。	Based on present information, the TV drama “A Little Reunion”, which depicts a “Chinese-style family” realistic educational theme through the subject of the national college entrance examination, has received a total of 6 nominations in the categories of "Best Chinese TV Series", "Best Director", "Best Screenwriter", "Best Screenplay", “Best Leading Actress”, and “Best Supporting Actor/Actress”.
“最佳男女主角”奖项向来是外界关注的焦点之一，今年的竞争也是分外激烈，入围的男女演员均是实力派的好戏之人，陈宝国、黄磊、雷佳音、孙红雷、张若昀将进行“最佳男主角”的角逐。	The “Best Supporting Actor/Actress” award categories have always been a focus of attention for the outside world, and this year, competition is very intense: the actors and actresses nominated in this category are all experienced and talented performers, with Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, Lei Jiayin, Sun Honglei, and Zhang Ruoyun competing for “Best Supporting Actor”.
陈宝国、黄磊、孙红雷都属资历深厚的中生代演员，37岁的雷佳音也是实力派演员，至于32岁的张若昀则是最年轻的入围者。	Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, and Sun Honglei are all highly experienced middle-aged actors, while 37 year-old Lei Jiayin is also a very talented actor, and 32 year-old Zhang Ruoyun is the youngest nominee.
2016年，34岁的胡歌凭借《琅琊榜》获得白玉兰奖最佳男演员，成为该奖项中最年轻的视帝，今年张若昀若能够战胜其他几位前辈，将刷新这一纪录。	In 2016, 34-year-old Hu Ge won the Magnolia Award for Best Actor for “Nirvana in Fire”, making him the youngest recipient of the award, but if Zhang Ruoyun can beat out his predecessors this year, he will set a new record.
最佳女主角的角逐也最终定格在海清、马伊琍、秦海璐、孙俪、闫妮这些影视行业中流砥柱的女演员中，流量小花无一入围。	The nominees for Best Actress are film and TV mainstays; Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, and Yan Ni; none of whom are popular young starlets.
值得一提的是，孙俪凭借着《安家》房似锦一角入围，这是她第六次获得该奖项的提名，2014年和2016年她曾分别凭借《辣妈正传》、《芈月传》两度斩获“最佳女主角”。	Notable is that Sun Li’s nomination for her role as Fang Sijin in “I Will Find You a Better Home” is her sixth nomination for this award, which she won twice in 2014 and 2016 for “Hot Mom!” and “The Legend of Mi Yue”.
福建省卫健委26日上午通报最新新冠肺炎疫情称，7月25日0—24时，福建省报告新增省外输入无症状感染者1例，新增境外输入确诊病例1例、境外输入无症状感染者4例。	On the morning of July 26, 2020, the Fujian Provincial Health Commission reported on the latest update of the COVID-19 pandemic; it was reported that Fujian Province saw one new asymptomatic infection from another province, one new confirmed case, and four new asymptomatic infections imported from abroad on July 25.
其中，新增省外无症状感染者为辽宁省大连市输入（福州市报告），新增境外输入确诊病例为菲律宾输入（厦门市报告）；新增境外输入无症状感染者4例，其中：美国输入1例（福州市报告），菲律宾输入3例（厦门市报告）。	Among the patients, the new asymptomatic case was from Dalian, Liaoning Province (reported by Fuzhou), the new imported confirmed case was from the Philippines (reported by Xiamen); among all the four new imported asymptomatic cases, one was from the United States (reported by Fuzhou), and the other three were from the Philippines (reported by Xiamen).
截至7月25日24时，福建省累计报告境外输入确诊病例69例，已治愈出院66例，目前住院3例，无死亡病例；现有报告境外输入疑似病例0例；现有报告境外输入无症状感染者尚在接受集中隔离医学观察13例；累计报告本地确诊病例296例（已治愈出院295例、目前住院0例、死亡1例）；现有报告本地疑似病例0例；现有报告省外输入无症状感染者尚在接受集中隔离医学观察1例。	By 24:00 on July 25, the total number of imported confirmed cases reported by Fujian Province amounted to 69, 66 of whom had recovered and been discharged, while 3 were still hospitalized, there was no deaths; there were no suspected cases from other countries; 13 imported asymptomatic cases were in quarantine for centralized medical observation; the total local confirmed cases reported amounted to 296 (295 of whom had been recovered and been discharged, none was hospitalized, and one died); there were no local suspected cases; there was one asymptomatic case outside Fujian Province who was in quarantine for centralized medical observation.
目前密切接触者已解除医学观察14962人，尚有324人正在接受医学观察。	At present, 14,962 of the close contacts have been discharged from the medical observation, while 324 are still in medical observation.
巴西确诊病例累计近240万 里约市宣布取消跨年庆祝活动-中新网	With nearly 2.4 million confirmed COVID-19 cases in Brazil, Rio announces the cancellation of New Year celebrations - China News
数据显示，截至目前，巴西累计确诊病例和死亡病例数均居全球第二，仅次于美国。	The data shows that, up to now, Brazil ranks second in the world in terms of the number of confirmed cases and deaths behind the United States.
疫情最严重的圣保罗州累计确诊病例接近48万例，死亡病例超过2万例。	In São Paulo, where the pandemic is most severe, there were already nearly 480,000 confirmed cases and more than 20,000 deaths.
塞阿拉州和里约热内卢州确诊分别超过16万例和15万例，帕拉州和巴伊亚州确诊均逾14万例。	Ceará and Rio de Janeiro have more than 160,000 and 150,000 confirmed cases respectively, while the number in both Pará and Bahia exceeds 140,000.
而马拉尼昂州和米纳斯吉纳斯州确诊也均超过11万例。	Maranhão and Minas Gerais both have more than 110,000 confirmed cases.
里约热内卢市长马塞罗·克里维拉25日宣布，鉴于新冠肺炎疫情在巴西不断扩散，有效疫苗尚未面市，该市决定取消2021年新年的庆祝活动。	The mayor of Rio de Janeiro, Marcelo Crivella, announced on July 25th that the city has decided to cancel the New Year's celebrations for 2021, given that the COVID-19 is still rampant in Brazil and that an effective vaccine is not yet available.
以往该市在新年零点之际都会在著名的科帕卡巴纳海滩举行庆祝活动，2019年最后一天的跨年活动吸引了290万人参加。	In former years, the city held celebrations at the famous Copacabana Beach, and the event in 2019 attracted 2.9 million people to the celebrations.
同时，该市还决定将2021年狂欢节活动从明年2月延迟至9月举行。	The city has also decided to delay the 2021 Carnival from February to September next year.
圣保罗市长布鲁诺·科瓦斯已于24日宣布，取消该市原定于今年12月31日在保利斯塔大街举行的跨年庆祝活动，并将2021年狂欢节推迟至明年5月底或7月初举行。	Bruno Covas, mayor of São Paulo, announced on July 24th that the city's New Year’s celebrations scheduled for December 31 this year at Paulista Wall Street would be cancelled while the 2021 Carnival would be postponed to the end of May or the beginning of July next year.
委内瑞拉外长指责美国编造谎言对中国无端攻击-新华网	Venezuela’s foreign minister claims US fabricates lies to make baseless attacks against China - Xinhuanet
阿雷亚萨说，美国政府近期在政治、外交、经济和舆论等方面对中国不断施压，这是对一个主权国家毫无根据的攻击。	Jorge Arreaza claims that recently, the US government has continuously exerted political, diplomatic, economic, and public opinion pressure on China, which are unfounded attacks on a sovereign country.
阿雷亚萨转发了中国驻委内瑞拉大使李宝荣当天早些时候在个人账号上发布的推文并作出以上评论。	In addition to the comments above, Arreaza retweeted a post by Chinese Ambassador to Venezuela Li Baorong earlier in the day.
李宝荣在推文中说，中方强烈谴责美方强行进入中国驻休斯敦总领事馆，这严重违反了《维也纳领事关系公约》和《中美领事条约》，中方将对此作出正当和必要反应。	Li Baorong’s tweet said that China strongly condemns the US for entering the Chinese embassy in Houston, that this is a serious violation of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and the Sino-US Consular Treaty, and that China will respond as is proper and necessary.
委内瑞拉副总统罗德里格斯、主管北美事务的外交部副部长卡洛斯·隆等政府官员、社会知名人士和主流媒体记者也纷纷转发李宝荣的推文，谴责美国的行为严重违反国际法。	Li Baorong’s tweet was also retweeted by Venezuelan Vice President Rodriguez, Deputy Foreign Minister Carlos Long, and a stream of other government officials, social celebrities, and mainstream media reporters, who condemn the US action as a serious violation of international law.
26日是菲律宾总统杜特尔特发表任内第五份国情咨文(SONA)前一日，当天菲律宾累计确诊新冠肺炎病例过8万，其中总统府新闻部(PCOO)及其直属机构职员确诊数增到25例。	The 26th is the day before the fifth State of the Nation Address (SONA) presented by President Duterte of the Philippines during his term of office, and on the same day, the Philippines confirmed more than 80,000 cases of COVID-19, of which 25 were from the Presidential Communications Operations Office (PCOO) and its directly affiliated institutions.
为此，PCOO已专门准备一个未接触过确诊职员的工作组，配合杜特尔特总统发表SONA的新闻发布工作。	To this end, the PCOO has specially prepared a working group that has not been in contacted with staff with confirmed cases to cooperate with the SONA press release.
PCOO部长马丁·安达纳尔26日接受DZBB电台采访表示，已为杜特尔特总统发表SONA方式预备两套方案。	PCOO director Martin Andanar said in a DZBB Radio interview on the 26th that two plans have been prepared for the SONA speech.
按A计划，杜特尔特27日下午将在位于奎松市的菲律宾国会(Batasang Pambansa)大楼发表SONA。	According to Plan A, Duterte will deliver theSONA at the Batasang Pambansa (National Assembly) building in Quezon city on the afternoon of the 27th.
因为疫情原因，现场只为部分政府内阁成员和立法者安排50个席位，另专设视频会议室供其他内阁成员、地方政府官员等观看。	Due to the pandemic, only 50 seats were arranged for some government cabinet members and legislators at the scene, and a special video conference room was set up for other cabinet members and local government officials.
所有参会人员当天通过快速检测才能进入国会大楼。	All participants can enter the building after passing a quick health test on the same day.
一旦参会者有一人检测呈阳性，即启动B计划，即杜特尔特总统在总统府马拉卡南宫发表SONA，现场则安排更少的听会席位。	If one of the participants tests positive, Plan B will be initiated, in which President Duterte will deliver the SONA at the Presidential Palace in Malacanang, and fewer seats will be available for the audience.
按照惯例，SONA将实时向菲全国直播。	As usual, the SONA will be broadcast live in the Philippines.
截至发稿时，菲总统府尚未确认杜特尔特的家人是否会出席SONA。	As of press time, the Philippine Presidential Palace has not confirmed whether Duterte’s family will attend the SONA.
安达纳尔说，杜特尔特总统的SONA，将重点说明政府将如何带领菲律宾应对新冠肺炎疫情、恢复社会经济生活；还会提到他上任时的承诺，即反政府腐败、打击非法毒品和减贫。	Andanar said that President Duterte’s SONA will focus on how the government will lead the Philippines in responding to the pandemic and restoring social and economic life; he will also mention his commitments when he took office, namely, anti-government corruption, combating illegal drugs, and poverty reduction.
杜特尔特还将说明本届政府的其他计划，包括创造更多的就业机会、振兴经济、促进教育，以及帮助在疫情中受难的海外菲律宾劳工等。	Duterte will also explain other plans of the current administration, including creating more job opportunities, revitalizing the economy, promoting education, and helping overseas Filipino workers suffering from the pandemic.
银川：分类施策支持幼儿园稳定教师队伍-新华网	Yinchuan: Implementing Various Policies to Stabilize and Retain Teachers in Kindergartens -- Xinhua Net
新华社银川7月26日电（记者艾福梅）受疫情影响，宁夏银川市幼儿园尚未复园，特别是民办幼儿园资金压力增大，对幼儿园教师队伍稳定和今后的持续发展带来一定影响。	Xinhua News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26th, 2020 (Journalist: Ai Fumei) Influenced by COVID-19, kindergartens in Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region have not re-opened, and the increasing financial pressure faced by private kindergartens in particular will have a certain impact on the stability and continuous development of teachers in kindergartens.
针对此，银川市采取对普惠性民办幼儿园预拨补助资金、对非普惠性民办幼儿园予以稳岗补贴、减免民办幼儿园房租等多项措施，支持这些幼儿园稳定教师队伍。	Xinhua News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26th, 2020 (Journalist: Ai Fumei) Influenced by COVID-19, kindergartens in Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region have not re-opened, and the increasing financial pressure faced by private kindergartens in particular will have a certain impact on the stability and continuous development of teachers in kindergartens.
根据银川市有关政策，对于在疫情期间，普惠性民办幼儿园（含城镇小区配套幼儿园治理后已转为普惠性的幼儿园）举办者参照三区最低工资标准，给教职员工每人每月发放不低于1660元基本生活费的，市财政将按照普惠性民办幼儿园生均经费每生每年1000元标准，预拨6个月补助资金，用于解决教师工资和社会保险费用。	According to the relevant policies of Yinchuan, during the outbreak of COVID-19, if managers of reciprocal private kindergartens (including reciprocal kindergartens which transitioned from kindergartens attached to urban districts) pay every staff member no less than RMB 1,660 every month as basic living costs, which is the lowest wage in the three districts, the Yinchuan Municipal Finance Bureau will grant the subsidy of six months in advance, which is RMB 1,000 for every child every year, to help them cope with the payroll of teachers and their social insurance.
而对于同样给教职员工每人每月发放不低于1660元基本生活费的非普惠性民办幼儿园，银川市将按照每生每年500元生均经费补助标准，安排6个月补助资金作为幼儿教师的稳岗补贴资金。	For non-reciprocal private kindergartens that also pay all staff no less than RMB 1,660 every month as basic living costs, the Yinchuan Municipal People’s Government will a grant 6 months of subsidy to help them retain and stabilize teachers at RMB 500 for every child every year.
同时，对于承租国有资产类经营用房的民办幼儿园，银川市将减免疫情防控期间3个月房屋租金，并鼓励开发商等其他类出租主体承担社会责任，减免幼儿园房租，减免3个月以上的，按政策规定对相关税费予以减免。	At the same time, for private kindergartens leasing state-owned houses for operation, the Yinchuan Municipal People’s Government will reduce the rent for three months during the prevention and control of COVID-19, and encourage landlords such as developers to undertake their social responsibilities to reduce rents for kindergartens, and if they reduce the rents for more than three months, relevant taxes will be reduced or exempted according to policies.
长江2020年第3号洪水形成 水利部细化实化应对措施-中新网	Yangtze River’s Third Flood of 2020 Formed, Detailed and Practical Measures Taken by the Ministry of Water Resources - China News
新华社北京7月26日电(记者胡璐)26日，长江2020年第3号洪水形成。	Beijing, July 26 (Xinhua, Hu Lu) On July 26, the Yangtze River’s third flood of 2020 formed.
水利部部长鄂竟平26日在主持会商时要求，精细调度三峡水库，统筹考虑长江上游及洞庭湖来水，实施错峰调度，留足库容准备迎战还有可能出现的大洪水，并确保中下游干流和洞庭湖重要堤防的防洪安全。	E Jingping, chief minister of the Ministry of Water Resources of the PRC, called for detailed regulation of the Three Gorges reservoir, overall considerations of the water from the upper reaches of the Yangtze River and Dongting Lake, implementation of flood peak stagger regulation, sufficient storage capacity to prepare for possible major floods, and measures to ensure flood control safety for the main stream in the middle and lower reaches and the important dykes of Dongting Lake.
据预报，未来3天西南东部、江淮南部、江南北部西部及湖北东部南部、广西中部等地部分地区将有大到暴雨，其中湖南北部、江苏西南部等地局部将有大雨；华北中部西部等地将有中到大雨，其中河北中部局部将有暴雨。	It is predicted that over the next three days, there will be heavy rain and rainstorms in the eastern part of Southwest China, the southern part of Yangtze and Huaihe River, the northern and western parts of the regions south of the Yangtze River, the southern and eastern parts of Hubei Province, and the central part of Guangxi Province, among which there will be heavy rain in the northern part of Hunan Province and the southwestern part of Jiangsu Province; moderate to heavy rain is expected in the western part and central part of North China, among which there will be rainstorms in the central part of Hebei Province.
水利部预计，受其影响，长江上游三峡水库28日前后入库流量可能达到60000立方米每秒左右，中游干流莲花塘江段及洞庭湖水位复涨并超保0.20米左右；淮河中游干流水位总体缓退，洪泽湖水位继续缓涨；海河大清河水系、永定河等河流将出现涨水过程。	The Ministry of Water Resources estimated that the inflow of the Three Gorges reservoir in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River may reach 60,000 cubic meters per second around July 28, and the water level of Lianhuatang River and Dongting Lake in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River would rise again and exceed the safety water level by 0.20 meters; the water level of the main stream in the middle reaches of the Huaihe River would slow down, and the water level of Hongze Lake would continue to rise; the water level of Haihe River, Daqing River system, Yongding River, and other rivers would also rise.
鄂竟平提出，淮河流域要进一步加大洪水排泄力度，尽快降低洪泽湖水位，准备迎战还有可能出现的大洪水。	E Jingping pointed out that the Huaihe River Basin should further increase flood discharge, reduce the water level of Hongze Lake as soon as possible, and prepare for possible flooding.
要充分做好沂沭泗水系暴雨洪水应对工作。	Preparations should be made for dealing with the rainstorms and flooding in the Yi-Shu-Si River Basin.
他说，太湖流域要毫不松懈继续加大洪水外排力度，尽快降低太湖及周边河网水位，减少太湖高水位与台风遭遇的风险。	He said that the Taihu Lake Basin should continue to increase flood discharge, reduce the water level of Taihu Lake and its surrounding river network as soon as possible, and reduce the risk of high water levels in Taihu Lake during the typhoon season.
此外，他强调，内蒙古、河北等北方地区洪水陡涨陡落，预警时间短，极易造成山洪泥石流灾害，防御难度大；中小水库和淤地坝数量多，存在安全隐患。	In addition, he stressed that in northern China, such as Inner Mongolia and Hebei, floods rise and fall sharply, and the warning time is short, which means flash floods and debris flows are likely, making prevention difficult; there are also many small and medium reservoirs and silt arresters, which pose safety risks.
58款侵害用户权益行为的APP遭曝光 涉十余家上市公司-中新网	58 Apps that violate user rights and interests are exposed, involving more than 10 listed companies - Ecns.cn
工信部通报指出，依据《网络安全法》 《电信条例》《电信和互联网用户个人信息保护规定》等法律法规，近期组织第三方检测机构对手机应用软件进行检查，督促存在问题的企业进行整改。	The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China (MIIT) announced that in accordance with the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, Regulation of the People’s Republic of China on Telecommunications, Regulations for the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users and other laws and regulations, it has recently arranged for third-party testing agencies to inspect mobile phone apps and urged enterprises with problems to rectify them.
这58款APP存在的问题，包括私自收集个人信息、超范围收集个人信息、频繁申请权限、过度索取权限、账号注销难、私自共享给第三方、不给权限不让用等情形。	The problems found in these 58 apps include collecting personal information without permission, collecting personal information beyond the scope of the app, frequent and excessive requests for permissions, difficulty logging out, unauthorized information sharing with third parties, and inaccessibility without giving permissions.
工信部要求，58款APP应在7月30日前完成整改落实工作，逾期不整改的，工信部将依法依规组织开展相关处置工作。	The MIIT requires that the 58 apps should complete their rectification before July 30, otherwise the MIIT will forcibly enact handling procedures according to the law and regulations.
中新经纬记者梳理发现，通报的58款APP背后，涉及十余家美股、港股、A股上市公司。	The Ecns.cn reporter found that after further analysis, among the 58 apps listed, more than ten belong to companies listed on USA, Hong Kong, and Chinese stock markets.
例如，“房多多”为美股上市公司房多多旗下产品，存在私自收集个人信息、超范围收集个人信息、私自共享给第三方、强制用户使用定向推送功能、频繁申请权限五大问题。	For example, "FangDD", a product of the US-listed company Fangdd Network Group Ltd., is accused of five major issues, such as collecting personal information without permission, collecting personal information beyond its scope, forced messages for targeted users, unauthorized information sharing to third parties, and frequent requests for permissions.
公开资料显示，房多多于2019年11月登陆纳斯达克，是“国内第一家产业互联网SaaS(软件服务化)模式的房产中介公司”，为众多中介商户提供在线解决方案。	According to public information, FangDD, which was listed on Nasdaq in November 2019, is "the first real estate agency in China with a SaaS (software as a service) model based on the industrial internet", providing online solutions for many agency merchants.
针对通报指出的“去哪儿网”APP账号注销难问题，据新京报报道，去哪儿网回应称，为防止黑产利用频繁注册、注销谋取利益，去哪儿在可自主注销的基础上进行了注册、注销需间隔为一个月的设置。	As for the problem of logout difficulty found with Qunar.com, according to The Beijing News, Qunar.com responded that in order to prevent the underground market to profiting through frequent registration and logout, a one-month interval is needed between the account registration and logout on the basis of the independent cancellation of registration.
现综合考虑注销便利性和账户安全性，已改为注销即刻生效，目前正等待审核。	Now the company is considering combining the convenient logout with account security, and has changed the rule so that logout can take effect immediately, which is currently awaiting review.
一位不愿具名的网络安全专家对中新经纬客户端表示，像这样侵害用户权益行为的APP通报，工信部今年已经发布了三次。	An anonymous network security expert shared on the Economic View that the MIIT has issued three notifications regarding apps that violate the rights and interests of users this year.
其中私自收集个人信息、过度索取权限、账号注销难三项问题屡“管”不止。	Among them, three major problems failed to be controlled after repeated management measurements, including collecting personal information without permission, excessive request for permissions, and difficulty logging out.
从通报中也可以发现，目前APP侵犯隐私愈发引起重视。	The notification also states that app invasion of privacy increasingly attract attention nowadays.
7月24日，通报58款侵害用户权益APP当天，工信部表示日前印发通知，部署开展纵深推进APP侵害用户权益专项整治行动。	On July 24, the same day when the 58 apps’ infringement of user rights were exposed, the MIIT stated it had issued a notice to initiate targeted deep rectification of the problem of app infringement of user rights from all sides.
专项整治将依规加强监督检查，督促相关企业强化APP个人信息保护，及时整改消除违规收集、使用用户个人信息和骚扰用户、欺骗误导用户、应用分发平台管理责任落实不到位等突出问题，净化APP应用空间。	This targeted rectification will strengthen supervision and inspection in accordance with regulations, and meanwhile urges relevant enterprises to consolidate personal information protection on apps and take timely measures to eliminate major problems, such as unauthorized information collection, use of personal information and harassment of users, deceiving and misleading users, and unclear accountability systems regarding platform management, because only in this way can they truly rectify the app environment.
刘易斯家人：约翰·刘易斯是“为最势弱而战”的战士	Lewis family: John Lewis was a “fighter for the least of us”
美国国会议员，民权斗士约翰·刘易斯（John Lewis）在周六（7月25日）为他举行的追悼会上被追念为“为最势弱而战”的战士。	At a memorial service held in his remembrance on Saturday, July 25th, US Congressperson and civil rights activist John Lewis was described as a “fighter for the least of us”.
刘易斯的公开追悼会自周六開始在阿拉巴马州举行。	Public memorial services for Lewis have been open to the public since Saturday in Alabama.
首日就有两次追悼会。	On the first day, two memorial services were held.
周六在阿拉巴马州特洛伊大学的公開追悼会上，刘易斯的五个兄弟姐妹和一个姪孙谈到他是一个充满爱心、無所畏懼、以家庭为重的男人。	At the memorial service held on Saturday at Alabama’s Troy University, Lewis’s five brothers and sisters and one grandson described him as a deeply caring and courageous family man.
刘易斯最小的弟弟亨利·“格兰特”·刘易斯（ Henry “Grant” Lewis) 在会中表示：“他毕生致力于帮助他人。”	Lewis’s younger brother, Henry “Grant” Lewis, said at the service, “He dedicated his life to the service of others. “
塞缪尔·刘易斯（Samuel Lewis）说，他的母亲曾警告约翰“不要惹麻烦，不要去惹事。”	Samuel Lewis said his mother warned Lewis, “Not to make trouble, don’t make trouble. “
他补充说，约翰没有听从母亲的警告，他说：“我们都知道约翰总会去惹麻烦，总是在惹事，但那却是因为坚持正确的事，那是好的麻烦（a good trouble)。”	He added that John ignored his mother’s warning, and continued, “We all knew John would always make trouble, always get into trouble, but it was always to stand up for the right thing, so it was a good trouble. “
刘易斯的兄弟姐妹提醒在追悼会上的人们，约翰最为著名的论点便是要去制造“好的麻烦”，也就是只要为了公义，就不避讳挑起事端。	Lewis’s brothers and sisters told those in attendance at the service that John’s most famous point of argument was that people should create “good trouble”, which is to say that he would never shy away from causing trouble for the sake of justice.
约翰曾经申请位于他出生地阿拉巴马州特洛伊市的特洛伊大学（Troy University ），然而当时全为白人学校的特洛伊大学拒绝了他的入学申请。	John once applied to Troy University in Troy, Alabama, where he was born, but he was rejected because it was an all-white school at the time.
这位小时候在自家农场上对着鸡宣讲福音的约翰·刘易斯，后来最终获得了菲斯克大学（Fisk University）宗教和哲学学位。	John Lewis, who preached to chickens on his family farm as a child, finally earned his degree in religion and philosophy at Fisk University.
多年后，特洛伊大学授予刘易斯名誉博士学位。	Several years later, he was awarded an honorary doctorate from Troy University.
来自阿拉巴马州的国会参议员道格·琼斯（Doug Jones）说，目前的抗议者“正在和平，非暴力地抗议”，就像刘易斯在民权运动中所做的那样。	Alabama Senator Doug Jones said current protestors are “protesting peacefully and non-violently”, just as John Lewis protested during the Civil Rights Movement.
琼斯表示：“ 即便特朗普总统一竿子打翻一船人，把所有的抗议群众说成暴徒，但他错了。	Jones continued, “Even though President Trump tarred all the protesters with the same brush by describing them as thugs, he was wrong.
抗议群众是爱国者，他们希望美国向一个更为平等的国家迈进。”	The protesters are patriots who want America to become a more equal country. “
为纪念刘易斯而举行为期六天的一系列活动，本周将在佐治亚州的葬礼上达到高潮。	The six-day series of events to remember Lewis’s life will conclude with a funeral in Georgia this week.
星期六刘易斯的棺木停放在在特洛伊大学的公开悼念活动上，人们前来向这位民权运动先驱表达敬意。	On Saturday, Lewis’s coffin was exhibited at a public memorial service at Troy University, where members of the public came to pay their respects to this civil rights pioneer.
周六稍晚，一场私人仪式在阿拉巴马州塞尔玛（Selma) 的一座小教堂里向他致敬，随后进行了一次公开悼念活动。	Later, on Saturday evening, a private memorial service was held for people to pay their respects at a church in Selma, Alabama, after which a private memorial service was held.
周日，刘易斯的遗体将经过塞尔玛的埃德蒙·佩特斯桥（Edmund Pettus Bridge） 。	On Sunday, Lewis’s remains will be carried across Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma.
1965年他和要求黑人投票权的示威群众就是在这座桥前遭到阿拉巴马州警察痛殴，警方还向示威者施放催泪瓦斯。	In 1965, Lewis and several other demonstrators demanding the right to vote for Blacks were beaten viciously by Alabama police on this bridge, and the police also fired tear gas into the crowd.
刘易斯当时差点被打死。	Lewis was nearly killed by his injuries.
这天日后被称为“血腥星期天”。	Later, that day became known as “Bloody Sunday”.
刘易斯的遗体将被运送到阿拉巴马州的首府蒙哥马利。	Then, Lewis’s remains will be shipped to Alabama’s capital city Montgomery.
市长史蒂文·里德（Steven Reed）鼓励人们在人行道上列队，与刘易斯一同走完这最后一程。	Mayor Steven Reed encouraged people to line up on the sidewalk to complete Lewis’s final journey with him.
同时，官员们要求大众参与活动时，需佩戴口罩，并保持社交距离。	However, officials also reminded participants that they should wear masks and maintain social distance.
阿拉巴马州州长凯·伊佛 (Kay Ivey) 下令在周六和周日降半旗以纪念刘易斯。	Alabama Governor Kay Ivey ordered that the state flag be flown at half-mast on Saturday and Sunday in honor of Lewis’s memory.
在為期将近一周的纪念活动中，刘易斯的遗体将分別在蒙哥马利市的阿拉巴马州议会大厦，位於亚特兰大的乔治亚州议会大厦，以及华盛顿的美国国会大厦短暫安放以供民众表达悼念。	During the near-week of memorial events, Lewis’s remains will briefly visit the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, and the U.S. Capitol Building in Washington to allow members of the public to express condolences.
美国众议院议长南希·佩洛西（Nancy Pelosi）和参议院多数党领袖米奇·麦康奈尔（Mitch McConnell）上周宣布，人们可以在本周一和周二到美国国会大厦，向刘易斯表示敬意。	Last week, Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that members of the public can visit the U.S. Capitol Building on Monday or Tuesday to pay their respects to Lewis.
由于冠状病毒疫情缘故，悼念刘易斯的公开活动将在户外举行。	Public memorial events for Lewis will be held outdoors due to the coronavirus epidemic.
深圳就出台健康条例公开征求意见-新华网	Shenzhen Government Asks for Public Opinion On Health Regulations to Be Published -- Xinhua Net
新华社深圳7月26日电（记者毛思倩、白瑜）鼓励居民勤做体检，及早发现问题；禁止向未成年人销售酒精饮料；建立网络游戏健康审查制度；用人单位要配备专兼职健康管理人员…… 日前《深圳经济特区健康条例（征求意见稿）》正式发布，深圳居民将有自己的“健康法”。	SHENZHEN, July 26, 2020 (Xinhua, by Mao Siqian and Bai Yu) Local residents are encouraged to perform physical examinations frequently to detect abnormalities as early as possible; alcohol beverages are not to be sold to minors; a healthy censorship system for online games is to be build; employers should employ both full-time and part-time health staff... Recently, the Health Regulations of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone (draft for comments) was officially published, meaning citizens of Shenzhen will have their own “Health Law”.
为了鼓励居民勤做体检，及早发现问题，上述征求意见稿提出，卫生健康部门应当根据不同年龄、职业等因素制定健康体检项目基本目录。	In order to encourage local residents to perform a physical evaluation to detect abnormalities as early as possible, the draft for comments proposed that heath agencies should establish a basic catalogue for physical evaluation programs based on factors including age and job.
属于健康体检项目基本目录范围内的健康体检费用，按照每人每年一次的标准由社会医疗保险统筹基金支付。	Personal physical evaluation fees covered by the basic catalogue should be paid annually by social and medical insurance funds.
征求意见稿明确，用人单位应当合理配置人力资源，安排员工作息时间，对脑力和体力劳动负荷较重的员工，实行轮休制度，避免对员工健康造成人体机能过度损耗或者身心健康伤害，同时严格执行员工带薪休假制度。	The draft for comments clarified that, the employers should arrange their human resources appropriately, reasonably coordinating their time schedule, and to prevent staff spending too much physical and mental efforts at work, a rotating schedule should be well-implemented, so that issues due to excessive physical and mental exertion can be avoided, and also strictly implement a paid leave system.
此外，用人单位要配备专兼职健康管理人员，并定期组织开展员工健康体检。	In addition, the employers should employ full-time and part-time health staff, and organize physical evaluations for staff regularly.
在未成年人身心健康方面，征求意见稿提出，禁止向未成年人销售酒精饮料，同时对酒精饮料的售卖位置进行了限制，对于违反规定的，将由市场监督管理部门责令改正，处3万元罚款。	In terms of the physical and mental health of minors, the draft for comments prohibited the sales of alcohol beverage to minors, with the restriction of sales places, and proposed that those who disobey the rules will be asked to correct themselves by Market Supervisory Authorities and be fined RMB 30,000.
除了“禁酒” ，未成年人也要“多运动 ” 。	Apart from “no alcohol”, the minors should also “exercise more”.
根据征求意见稿要求，学校要每天安排学生体育活动时间一小时以上。	According to the requirements of the draft for comments, schools should allow more than one hour for student physical activities.
对于网络游戏，公安、文化广电旅游体育、网络监管、卫生健康等部门应当完善互联网上网服务营业场所健康监管制度，建立网络游戏健康审查制度，为促进青少年健康成长营造良好的交往空间、交往文化。	In terms of online games, authorities including the police, cultural broadcast tourism sports, online supervision, health, and so on should improve the health supervision systems of online service providers and venues amd build a health censorship system for online games to establish healthy communication environment and etiquette for the adolescents.
此外，征求意见稿还提出流感病人出入公共场所必须戴口罩，医疗卫生机构未经同意泄露病人隐私罚款2万元等。	Beyond that, the public comment draft also pointed out that flu patients must wear masks when entering public venues, and if health institutions leak the private information of patients, they will be fined RMB 20,000.
值得注意的是，除了居民的身心健康外，征求意见稿还要求，深圳各部门在制定涉及城市空间规划与建设、工业园区规划与建设、资源开发利用与生态环境保护、生物医药产业发展等规划、规范性文件以及批准重大建设工程和实施重大公共服务项目前，应当评估公共政策实施对人群健康的影响。	One thing worthy of attention apart from the physical and mental health of residents is that the draft for comments also required that before making plans and regulatory documents related to urban space planning and construction, industrial park plan and construction, resource exploration and environmental protection, the development of Biological Medicine, alongside approving major construction projects and implementing major public service projects, departments of the Shenzhen government should evaluate the influence of those public policies upon people’s health.
未经评估或者经评估将对城市公共卫生或者居民健康产生较严重不利影响的，不得制定出台或者批准实施。	Unevaluated policies or evaluated ones that would have severe side effects on urban public sanitation or people’s health should not be issued or approved for implementation.
2020-07-26 19:44:50 来源：人民网 作者：朱延静 责任编辑：朱延静	2020-07-26 1p:44:50 Source: www.people.com.cn Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor: Zhu Yanjing
近日，习近平总书记在吉林省考察时强调，要加强党的领导，推动党组织向最基层延伸，健全基层党组织工作体系，为城乡社区治理提供坚强保证。	Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized during an inspection in Jilin province that it was necessary to strengthen the leadership of the Party, promote the extension of organizations of the Party to the most basic level, improve the work system of the New Party’s basic organizations, and provide a strong guarantee for the governance of urban and rural communities.
坚持以党建为引领，把党的领导落实到基层治理各领域各方面各环节，是做好基层治理工作的方向性根本性要求。	Adhering to the guidance of Party building and implementing the Party's leadership in all fields and links of grassroots social governance is the fundamental requirement of doing a good job in grassroots social governance.
提升基层治理水平，要坚持党建引领，通过强化政治引领、打造战斗堡垒、凝聚红色力量，推动党的政治优势、组织优势和群众工作优势转化为治理优势，把党的力量和主张传递到“神经末梢” “最后一公里”。	To improve the level of grassroots social governance, we should adhere to the leadership of Party building, promote the transformation of the Party's political, organizational, and mass work advantages into governance advantages by strengthening political leadership, building a battle fortress, and condensing red forces, so as to transfer the Party's strength and ideas to the "nerve endings" and the "last mile".
注重补钙铸魂，强化政治引领。	We must pay attention to calcium supplementation and soul forging and strengthen political leadership.
强化基层治理的政治引领，必须要把“补钙铸魂”工程实施好。	To strengthen the political leadership of grassroots social governance, it is necessary to implement the "calcium supplementation and soul forging" project.
要把学深悟透习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想作为首要任务，把“不忘初心、牢记使命”作为党的建设永恒课题和党员、干部的终身课题，强化读原著学原文悟原理，通过专题培训、分批培训、研讨交流、举办大讲堂等，持续推动党的创新理论武装走心走实，推动党员干部进一步增强“四个意识”、坚定“四个自信”、做到“两个维护”，更好地履职尽责。	It is necessary to deeply study and thoroughly understand Xi Jinping’s thoughts on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era as the primary task, take “remain true to our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind” as the eternal theme of Party building and the lifelong theme of Party members and cadres, and strengthen the idea of reading the original work, learning the original text and understanding the principles; we should promote the solidification of the Party’s innovative theories through special training, batch training, seminars, exchanges, holding forums, and so on; and Party members and cadres should further enhance the "Four Consciousnesses", strengthen "Four-sphere Confidence", and achieve the "Two Upholds" to better perform their duties and responsibilities.
通过线上与线下相结合的学习方式，拓宽学习教育渠道，引导基层党组织和党员干部真正把学习教育融入日常、抓在经常。	Through the combination of online and offline learning methods, we should broaden the channels of learning and education, and guide the grassroots Party organizations and Party members and cadres to truly and regularly integrate learning and education into their daily activities.
注重实践锻炼，在化解基层治理领域重点难点问题过程中，把群众关注的烦心事、闹心事解决好，锤炼党性和能力。	We should pay attention to practice and address the problematic and disturbing issues that the masses are concerned about, and forge the Party’s spirit and ability in the process of resolving key and difficult problems in the field of grassroots social governance,
抓实规范提升，打造战斗堡垒。	We should improve our standards and play a key role in grassroots governance.
基层党组织既是基层治理体系的重要组成部分，也是治理能力彰显的重要载体。	Grassroots Party organizations are not only an important part of the grassroots social governance system, but also an important carrier for the manifestation of governance capabilities.
推进基层党组织规范化建设，要从抓党支部工作条例入手，聚焦党组织领导弱化、虚化等问题，通过建立上下联动机制、创新支部设置形式、常态化整顿软弱涣散、建立健全决策议事机制、服务群众机制等方式，固根基、补短板、促发展。	To promote the standardized construction of grassroots Party organizations, we should start by grasping the regulations on the work of Party branches and addressing the problem of the leadership of Party organizations being weak and ineffective; we must consolidate the foundation, reduce the weaknesses, and promote development by establishing an up-down linkage mechanism, innovating the form of branch establishment, normalizing the weak and lax parts, establishing and improving decision-making and discussion mechanisms, and the mechanisms of serving the masses.
在农村，加强村级党组织标准化建设，对照党支部规范化建设标准，规范组织形式、学习活动、管理机制，切实推动“三会一课”、主题党日活动等制度落细落实。	In rural areas, we should strengthen the standardization-building of village level Party organizations, standardize organizational forms, learning activities, and management mechanism in accordance with the standardization construction standards of Party branches, and earnestly promote the detailed implementation of “the system of holding Party branch general meetings, meetings of Party branch committees, Party group meetings, and Party lectures" and thematical Party activities.
在城市，关注街道社区，探索创新支部设置形式，聚焦薄弱领域、“堵点” “痛点”，积极构建城市党建联盟，让党的工作实现有效覆盖。	In terms of urban governance, we should pay attention to sub-district communities, explore and innovate the form of branch establishment, focus on weak areas, "blocking points", and "pain points", and actively build the urban Party-building alliance to realize effective coverage of the Party's work.
同时，建立健全基层治理治理体制机制，健全大事共议、实事共办、要事共决、急事共商、难事共解、基层党组织主导的决策议事机制，完善党员干部联系服务群众机制，在为民服务中聚民心，增强党员群众的获得感、幸福感、荣誉感、自豪感，让基层治理更有温度。	At the same time, we should establish and improve the systems and mechanisms of grassroots social governance, improve the decision-making and discussion mechanisms for discussing major issues, doing practical things, deciding important matters, discussing urgent matters, and solving difficult matters led by grassroots Party organizations; we should improve the mechanisms of Party members and cadres to contact and serve the masses, gather people's hearts in serving the people, and enhance the sense of gain, happiness, honor, and pride of the masses to make grassroots social governance more enticing.
发挥先锋作用，凝聚红色力量。	We should play a vanguard role and gather red power.
基层党员干部是基层治理的基石。	Grassroots party members and cadres are the cornerstone of grassroots social governance.
提升基层治理能力，重在提升基层党员干部的治理能力，注重发挥“红色细胞”在基层治理中的示范带头作用，在联系服务群众最前沿凝聚红色力量。	To improve grassroots social governance capabilities, we should focus on improving the governance capabilities of grassroots Party members and cadres, on the demonstration and leading role of "red cells" in grassroots social governance, and on gathering red forces at the forefront of contacting and serving the masses.
要将提升治理能力作为基层党员干部的必修课，不断加强思想淬炼、专业训练、实践锻炼，在本职岗位中、急难险重任务中发扬担当精神，为推进国家治理体系和治理能力现代化夯实基础，贡献力量。	It is necessary to take the improvement of governance ability as a compulsory course for grassroots Party members and cadres, constantly strengthen ideological refinement, professional training, and practical training, the spirit of carrying forward the spirit of responsibility in their posts and in urgent, difficult, and dangerous tasks, and lay a solid foundation for and contribute to the modernization of the national governance system and governance capabilities.
要广泛开展“社区吹哨、党员报到”活动，通过参加主题党日活动、联系困难群众、确定服务项目、认领微心愿、提出合理建议等形式，参与到社区建设、管理和服务中，让党员在社区治理中发挥作用。	It is necessary to extensively carry out the activities of "community whistleblowing, party members reporting", through participating in thematic Party activities, contacting people in difficult situations, determining service projects, acknowledging micro-desires, and making reasonable suggestions, to participate in community construction, management, and service, so that Party members can play a role in community governance.
要充分发挥农村无职党员作用，通过设置无职党员先锋岗、组建无职党员工作队等方式，引导广大基层党员积极参与到脱贫攻坚、生态建设、信访维稳、秸秆禁烧等各项工作中，更好地整合红色力量，为民服务。	It is necessary to give full play to the role of unemployed Party members in rural areas, and guide the majority of grassroots Party members to actively participate in poverty alleviation, ecological construction, petitioning and stability maintenance, and banning straw burning by setting up unemployed Party member vanguard posts and forming unemployed Party member work teams to better integrate red forces and serve the people.
地基固则大厦坚。	The foundation is solid and the building is firm.
基层党组织是执政大厦的地基。	The grassroot Party organization is the foundation of the “ruling” building.
唯有坚持把密切党群干群关系、增加人民福祉作为着眼点，把党建引领作为推动基层治理创新发展的根本途径，才能筑牢根基，让基层党组织拉得出去、顶得上来，基层党员干部赶得上来、冲得上去，推动基层治理有“魂”、有序、有力、有效。	Only by persisting in focusing on the close relationship between the Party and the masses, increasing the well-being of the people, and taking the leadership of Party building as the fundamental way to promote the innovation and development of grassroots social governance can we build a firm foundation and make grassroots Party organizations stable, make grassroots Party members and cadres responsible, and make grassroots governance spiritual, orderly, powerful, and effective.
作者：林奥	Author: Lin Ao
可可西里藏羚羊进入回迁季-新华网	Tibetan antelope migration season arrives in Hoh Xil
新华社西宁7月25日电（记者王金金）记者从三江源国家公园管理局长江源园区可可西里管理处五道梁保护站获悉，监测显示，此前前往可可西里腹地卓乃湖区域迁徙产仔的藏羚羊正陆续结束产仔，开始携幼仔返回原栖息地。	Xinhua News Agency, Xining, reported July 25th (Correspondent: Wang Jinjin) This reported learned from the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration Yangtze River Origin Park Hoh Xil Management Office Wudaoliang Conservation Station, that monitoring data from the station shows that the rutting and birthing season for Tibetan antelopes which previously migrated to the Zhuonai Lake area in the hinterlands of Hoh Xil is ending, and that the young antelopes are now gradually returning to their original habitats.
五道梁保护站附近的监控画面显示，7月25日，大约40只雌性藏羚羊带领3只藏羚羊幼仔陆续通过青藏公路3002公里处、青藏铁路五道梁北大桥，藏羚羊已经开始回迁。	Monitoring images from areas near the Wudaoliang Conservation Station show that on July 25th, about 40 female Tibetan antelopes leading 3 calves crossed Kilometer Marker 3002 on the Qinghai-Tibet Highway and the Wudaoliang North Bridge on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway, indicating that Tibetan antelopes have already begun their return migration.
专家分析，近年来，回迁羊群中藏羚羊幼仔数量占藏羚羊群总体数量的四分之一至五分之一。	According to experts, in recent years, Tibetan antelope calves have made up a fifth to a quarter of the total herd migrating along the return route.
中国科学院西北高原生物研究所副研究员连新明说：“回迁初期，藏羚羊面临较高的被捕食风险，因此羊群中的幼仔数量会比较少，甚至可能出现没有幼仔的情况。”	Lian Xinming, associate researcher at the Chinese Academy of Sciences Northwest Plateau Biology Institute said, “During the return migration season, Tibetan antelopes are at higher risk of being hunted, so the number of calves is low, and sometimes there are none at all. “
根据三江源国家公园管理局长江源园区可可西里管理处统计，藏羚羊回迁数量总体呈逐年上升态势，2019年藏羚羊回迁数量为4860只，比2018年增加338只。	Statistics from the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration Yangtze River Origin Park Hoh Xil Management Office show that the number of Tibetan antelopes on the return migration route has been increasing each year, with 4,860 counted in 2019, an increase of 338 over 2018.
连新明说：“预计今年藏羚羊回迁将在9月初结束，回迁藏羚羊数量仍有望继续增加。”	Lian Xinming said, “This year’s return migration of Tibetan antelopes is predicted to conclude in early September, and there is hope that the number will continue to rise. “
藏羚羊属国家一级保护动物。	The Tibetan antelope is a national Level 1 protected species.
每年5月底，来自青海三江源、西藏羌塘、新疆阿尔金山等地的藏羚羊都要前往位于可可西里腹地的卓乃湖产羔。	Each year in late May, Tibetan antelopes from areas Sanjiangyuan in Qinghai, Qiangtang in Tibet, the Altyn-Tagh mountain range in Xinjiang, and other areas migrate to Zhuonai Lake in the hinterland of Hoh Xil to breed and birth their calves.
我国藏羚羊保护专家、陕西省动物研究所（西北濒危动物研究所）研究员吴晓民说：“藏羚羊回迁是雌性藏羚羊结束产仔后，陆续带着幼仔回到栖息地的过程。起初离开产仔地的回迁群体较为庞大，但随后藏羚羊将根据不同的地理种群、沿不同路径回到它们各自的栖息地。”	According to Wu Xiaomin, a Chinese Tibetan antelope conservation expert and researcher at the Shaanxi Institute of Zoology (Northwestern Endangered Animals Research Institute), “The return migration of Tibetan antelopes is the process of female Tibetan antelopes leading their calves back to their original habitats after their birthing period. The herd that leaves the birthing ground is fairly large, but later, the Tibetan antelopes split into groups specific to different regions and return along separate routes to their original territories. “
为确保藏羚羊群安全回迁，记者了解到，日前三江源国家公园管理局长江源园区可可西里管理处已安排工作人员在主要回迁区域，持续开展视频监测和辖区巡逻。	This journalist learned that to ensure the safe return migration of Tibetan antelope herds, the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration Yangtze River Origin Park Hoh Xil Management Office has arranged personnel to conduct continuing video surveillance and patrols along the primary migration routes.
如发现有藏羚羊群试图穿越公路，巡山队员会在第一时间进行临时交通管制，让羊群安全通过野生动物通道，保证其在回迁途中尽可能少受人类干扰。	If a herd is discovered attempting to cross a highway, the mountain patrol teams respond rapidly with traffic control measures to drive herds safely through wildlife crossings, so that they are disturbed by humans as little as possible during their migration.
那么，日常生活中到底该如何解暑？	So, how should we deal with heat in our daily lives?
专家建议，夏日外出尽量避开高温时段，最好不要在中午前后在烈日下行走或劳动，因为这个时间段的阳光最强烈，发生中暑的可能性较高。	According to experts, you should avoid going outside during the hottest part of the day during summer and avoid walking or labor in the sun before or after noon, because these periods of the day are when the sun is most intense and the possibility of heatstroke is highest.
如果此时段必须外出，一定要做好防护工作，如打遮阳伞、戴遮阳帽、戴太阳镜，有条件的最好涂抹防晒霜，以防晒伤。	If you can’t avoid going outside during these periods, take protection measures such as carrying a parasol, wearing a sun hat, wearing sunglasses, and applying sunscreen when possible to prevent burns.
衣服尽量选用浅色、透气性好的棉、麻、丝类质地，少穿化纤品类服装，以免大量出汗时不能及时散热，引起中暑。	For clothing, light-colored, breathable cotton, linen, and silk are best, while chemical fiber clothing should be avoided to prevent heatstroke due to insufficient heat dissipation when sweating profusely.
高温闷热天气时，要准备充足的水饮，及时饮用，不要等口渴了才喝水，因为一旦感觉口渴表示身体已经缺水了，每次喝水控制在150毫升至200毫升，喝温开水，不要喝冰水。	In hot, humid weather, have sufficient water ready and drink it before you feel thirsty, because feeling thirsty means your body is already dehydrated, while also ensuring that each mouthful is between 150-200ml, and drink warm, boiled water instead of ice-cold water.
根据气温高低，一般人员每天喝1.5升至2升水，高温作业人员，每天喝3升至5升水。	Depending on temperature, the average person drinks 1.5-2L of water per day, while workers in high-temperature environments drink 3-5L per day.
出汗较多时可适当补充一些盐水，弥补人体因出汗而失去的盐分。	At times of profuse sweating, add some salt to the water to make up for the salt your body loses through sweating.
另外，夏季人体容易缺钾，使人感到倦怠疲乏，含钾茶水是极好的消暑饮品。	In addition, the human body tends to be deficient in potassium in summer, which makes people feel tired and depleted, so drinking potassium-infused tea is an excellent way to relieve yourself from the heat.
夏天多食含水量高的蔬果，如生菜、黄瓜、西红柿等；新鲜水果，如桃子、杏、西瓜、甜瓜等水分含量为80％至90％，都可以用来补充水分；乳制品既能补水，又能满足身体的营养之需。	During summer, eat vegetables with high water content such as lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, as well as fresh fruit such as peaches, apricots, watermelons, and melons, all of which have water content between 80-90%, which is helpful for rehydration, while dairy products can both rehydrate and provide the body’s required nutrition.
此外，在高温环境中工作的人群，应适当补充含有钾、镁等元素的饮品。	People who work in high-temperature environments should also supplement their potassium, magnesium, and other nutrients with the appropriate beverages.
夏天日长夜短，气温高，人体新陈代谢旺盛，消耗也大，容易感到疲劳。	During the long days and short nights of summer, while temperatures are high, the body’s metabolism ramps up and consumes more calories, making it easy to feel tired.
充足的睡眠，可使大脑和身体各系统都得到放松，既利于工作和学习，也是预防中暑的措施。	Getting sufficient sleep relaxes brain’s and body’s systems, which is beneficial to both work and study, and is a good way to prevent heatstroke.
专家称，最佳就寝时间是22时至23时，最佳起床时间是5时30分至6时30分。	Experts say the best time to fall asleep is between 22:00-23:00, and the best time to wake up is between 05:30-06:30.
睡眠时注意不要躺在空调出风口和电风扇下，以免患上空调病和热伤风。	Take care not to lie under air-conditioning vents or electric fans while sleeping to avoid air-conditioning sickness and thermal colds.
专家建议，在户外活动或进行高温作业的人群，可随身携带十滴水、人丹、藿香正气水或藿香正气丸等防暑药品，或放置在就近工作场所，随时使用，以防发生中暑。	Experts advise that people who exercise outdoors or work in high-temperature environments carry Shi Di Shui, Ren Dan, Huo Xiang Zheng Qi Shui, Huo Xiang Zheng Qi Wan, or other heatstroke prevention medicines to with them or place them around their work environment and use them often to prevent heatstroke.
毕业生艺术展搬进商场公益展出-新华网	Graduate Art Exhibition Moves into a Mall for the Public - Xinhua Net
在各大院校“云毕业”的季节里，一场难得的线下毕业生艺术展上周末温暖启幕。	During the “cloud graduation” season, a rare offline graduate art exhibition will open this weekend.
不过它既不在美术馆，也不在校园里，而是出现在了朝阳大悦城的公共空间，并对公众免费开放，将持续至8月23日。	It will not open in art galleries, nor on the school campus, but in the public space of Joy City in Chaoyang District, is free to the general public, and will last to August 23.
记者了解到，这场2020毕业生艺术展，征集了来自中央美术学院、中国传媒大学及天津美术学院的57位青年艺术家的50件/组作品，展览空间从2层延伸至6层，并充分利用楼内灯箱进行平面作品展示，最大程度烘托出毕业季的艺术氛围。	This journalist learned that the art exhibition for 2020 graduates has 50 art works from 57 young artists at the Central Academy of Fine Arts, Communication University of China, and Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts, the exhibition space extends from 2F to 6F, and makes full use of the lighting housings in the building to display the graphic works, maximizing the artistic atmosphere of the graduation season.
在疫情之下，这场展览的意义显得尤为特殊。	During the pandemic, this exhibition is of unique significance.
朝阳大悦城美陈负责人葛平坦言：“我们选择将走向‘云端’的毕业展再度带回线下空间，也希望让更多人看到青年对自身的探索和对世界的理解，放大艺术对于社会和心灵的疗愈力量。”	Ge Ping, the person in charge of art display at Chaoyang District Joy City, said “We are bringing the ‘online’ graduation exhibition offline again, and we also hope to make more people see young people’s self-exploration and understanding of the outside world to magnify the healing role of art upon the society and heart. ”
她透露，此次参展的作品是向几大艺术院校的毕业生们征集而来，又从中挑选了适合商业空间展示的，作品形式从传统的架上绘画、雕塑，到新媒体装置、交互动画、VR全景，体量与丰富程度为历年之最。	She said that the exhibited art works are from graduates from several art colleges, among which the works suitable for display in business spaces were especially selected; the formats range from easel painting and sculpture to new media equipment, interactive flash and VR panoramas, making it the year’s most numerous and diverse exhibition by far.
其中，李云肖在《2020的第一场战役》中通过机械和手工混合的创作语言，表达了自己在这场疫情中的感受；刘嘉颖通过以太坊区块链创作的作品《Sound Money》探讨了“加密货币” 、“信用创造” 、“交易”等主题；张家祺的《猫林》与邱达强的《羁》表现的都是经常与人类相伴的动物，从中可以看到青年艺术家对人与动物关系的理解；而朱仲鱼的作品《信仰的冬天—礼物》则是在提醒成长中的年轻人，“当有一天事业有成时，不忘初心，记得那份单纯与真诚。”	Among the works, Li Yunxiao created The First War of 2020 using a mixed machine and manual production process to express his feelings of the pandemic; Liu Jiaying created Sound Money using the Ethereum block chain, which discusses themes including “cryptocurrency”, “credit creation”, and “transactions”; Cat Forest by Zhang Jiaqi and Barriers by Qiu Daqiang both describe how animals always stay with people, from which we can see how young artists comprehend the relationship between human beings and animals; the work The Winter of Belief -- Gift by Zhu Zhongyu reminds young people that “even if you achieve great success in career, do not forget your primary inspirations, and always remain innocent and sincere. ”
在为数不多的亲自布展的毕业生中，就有来自天津美术学院雕塑系的李敬寅。	Among the few graduates participating in the placement of the exhibition, Li Jingyin is from the Department of Sculpture at the Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts.
“我是7月7日来北京的，当时其实有点担心疫情，还提前三天做了核酸检测，是带着酒精棉和检测报告来布展的。”	“I arrived in Beijing on July 7, and at the time I was a little worried about the pandemic, so took the nucleic acid test three days in advance, and I came here with alcohol pads and my test report. ”
他的作品《昨日如谜》结构比较复杂，必须亲力亲为。	His art work The Mysterious Yesterday is complex in its structure, and took a lot of work to produce.
同时，他还承担着帮助同学修补破损作品的任务。	At the same time, he also helped others to remedy defects in their art.
“布展到凌晨四点半，然后再做修补，时间很紧，都忘了和作品合个影，也有点遗憾。”	“I was busy with placement until 4:30 a.m. and then worked on correcting defects, and the schedule was so tight that I even forgot to take photos with the works, which is a bit sad. ”
他希望，等疫情更稳定了，再和同学们来北京看看自己的作品展。	He hoped that, after the pandemic, he could go to see the exhibition of their works with his classmates.
（记者李俐）	(Journalist: Li Li)
当天早上，现年65岁的博索纳罗在推特上发了一张照片，照片上他穿着运动鞋、不戴口罩，坐在一张放着早餐的桌子前，脸带笑容，一只手竖起大拇指，另一只手举起一盒羟氯喹药品。	In the morning, 65-year-old Jair Messias Bolsonaro tweeted a picture of him in sneakers, wearing no mask, and sitting at a table with breakfast, he was smiling and giving a thumbs up, holding up a box of hydroxychloroquine in the other hand.
他在推文上写着：“大家早上好！新冠病毒检测结果：阴性。”	He tweeted, "Good morning everyone! Covid-19 virus test result: negative ”
不过，博索纳罗没有说明此次新冠病毒转阴的检测是何时进行的。	However, Bolsonaro did not explain when this negative test was carried out.
7月5日，博索纳罗出现新冠肺炎症状，6日接受病毒检测结果呈阳性，7日他通过电视直播宣称自己确诊感染新冠肺炎。	On July 5, Bolsonaro showed symptoms of Covid-19, on July 6 he tested positive for the virus, and on the July 7 he declared on live television that he was diagnosed with COVID-19.
14日和21日，博索纳罗又先后两次进行新冠病毒检测，结果依然为阳性。	On the 14th and 21st, Bolsonaro received another two tests, and the results were still positive.
隔离期间，博索纳罗多次通过社交媒体直播展示其服用的羟氯喹药物，并表示，羟氯喹对新冠肺炎疗效很好，其服用后感到很好，其身体状态良好要归功于羟氯喹，主张巴西医疗机构使用羟氯喹药品治疗新冠肺炎。	During his quarantine, Bolsonaro repeatedly showed his hydroxychloroquine on social media and stated that it was very effective against the virus and that he felt good after taking it, while also stating that he was in good health thanks necause of it, and he advocated the use of hydroxychloroquine medication for COVID-19 in Brazilian medical institutions.
据巴西媒体报道，截至目前，巴西还有5名内阁部长和10名州长确诊感染了新冠肺炎。	According to Brazilian media reports, five other cabinet ministers and ten state governors have been diagnosed with COVID-19 in Brazil so far.
瑞士阿尔卑斯山一架小型飞机坠毁 机上4人全部遇难-中新网	Small aircraft crashes in Swiss Alps, killing all 4 on board - chinanews.com
中新网7月26日电 据欧联网援引欧联通讯社报道，当地时间7月25日，瑞士警方向媒体通报，一架小型飞机25日在瑞士阿尔卑斯山脉坠毁。	China News Service, reported July 26th Oulianwang, citing Ouliantong, reported that on July 25th (local time), the Swiss police informed the media that a small airplane crashed in the Swiss Alps on the 25th.
事故中机上的2名瑞士人和2名奥地利人全部遇难。	The two Swiss and two Austrian citizens on board were all killed in the crash.
据报道，瑞士南部瓦莱州(Wallis)警方声明表示，一架小型飞机在位于瓦莱州阿尔卑斯山山峰附近海拔超过3000米处坠毁，救援人员赶赴坠机事故现场后证实，飞机所搭载的4人全部遇难。	According to the report, police in Wallis canton in the south of Switzerland stated that the small airplane crashed near a mountain peak in the Wallis Alps at an altitude of over 3,000 meters, and after rescuers rushed to the scene, they confirmed that all 4 people on board the aircraft were dead.
瓦莱州警方表示，目击者在25日中午12时25分打电话向警方报案，说他目睹了一架小型飞机从天空坠落。	The Wallis police said that a witness called the police at 12:25 on the 25th, shortly after noon, claiming he had seen a small airplane fall from the sky.
数分钟后目击者再次向警方通报称，坠机地点冒出了滚滚浓烟。	Several minutes later, witnesses again reported to the police that they saw thick smoke rising from the place where the airplane crashed.
警方接到报警后，迅速协调消防警员、医护人员和救援人员并搭载直升机赶赴事故现场救援。	After the police received the report, they quickly coordinated with firefighters, emergency medical personnel, and rescue personnel and took a helicopter to the scene of the accident to conduct the rescue.
救援人员抵达坠机现场后，发现机上的4人已全部遇难。	When the rescue personnel arrived at the crash site, they discovered that the 4 people on board the airplane were already dead.
警方经核实，事故中的遇难者包括50岁和66岁的两名瑞士人，以及46岁和50岁的两名奥地利人。	The police confirmed that the deceased were two Swiss citizens, ages 50 and 66, and two Austrian citizens, ages 46 and 50.
警方表示，目前，警方正在与瑞士运输安全调查委员会合作，共同调查这起坠机事故原因。	The police said that presently, they are cooperating with the Swiss Transportation Safety Investigation Board to discover the cause of the accident.
重庆33个区县出现暴雨 发布洪水黄色和橙色预警-中新网	With heavy rainfall in 33 districts and counties, Chongqing issued yellow and orange flood warnings - China News
中新网重庆7月26日电 (记者 刘相琳)记者26日从重庆市水利局获悉，过去24小时，重庆33个区县出现暴雨，其中16个区县出现大暴雨。	Chongqing, July 26 (China News, Liu Xianglin) This reporter learned from the Chongqing Water Resources Bureau on July 26 that heavy rains had occurred in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing over the past 24 hours, with 16 of them experiencing heavy rainfall.
暴雨致重庆71条次中小河流出现涨水，当地已先后发布两个洪水预警。	Heavy rain caused 71 small and medium-sized rivers in Chongqing to rise, causing the local authority to issue two flood warnings.
据重庆市水文监测总站监测，25日8时至26日8时，重庆大部分地区出现大到暴雨，局地大暴雨。	According to the Chongqing Hydrological Monitoring Center, from 8:00 am on July 25th to 8:00 am next day, heavy to torrential rainfall would occur in most areas of Chongqing, with torrential rainfall in localities.
潼南、铜梁、合川等33个区县出现暴雨，其中忠县、开州、巫溪等16个区县出现大暴雨；最大日降雨量出现在南川金山镇龙山村，为197.5毫米。	Torrential rainfall occurred in 33 districts and counties including Tongnan, Tongliang and Hechuan, while 16 districts and counties including Zhongxian, Kaizhou and Wuxi experienced torrential rainfall; the maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, at 197.5 mm.
潼南涪江、琼江、开州南河等71条次中小河流出现1至7米涨水过程，最高水位未超警戒水位。	A total of 71 sub-small and medium-sized rivers, including the Fujiang River and the Qiongjiang River in Tongnan, the Nanhe River in Kaizhou, saw a water rise ranging from 1 to 7 meters, with the highest water level not exceeding the warning level.
预计26日8时至27日8时，重庆大部地区中小河流可能出现不同程度涨水过程，个别中小河流可能出现超警水位洪水。	It is expected that from 8:00 am on July 26th to 8:00 am the next day, most of the small and medium-sized rivers in Chongqing may experience different rises, and individual small and medium-sized rivers may have over-the-warning-level flooding.
当地同时还将关注长江、嘉陵江可能出现的过境洪水。	Local attention will also be paid to the Yangtze River and Jialing River for possible transitory flooding.
CBA迎来复赛后首批观众，想看季后赛要注意这些-中新网	As the CBA welcomes the first spectators after resuming games, here’s what to watch in anticipation of the playoffs
2020-07-26 20:26:01 来源：中国新闻网 作者：岳川 责任编辑：岳川	2020-07-26 20:26:01 Source: chinanews.com Writer: Yue Chuan Editor Yue Chuan
中新网客户端7月26日电 据CBA联赛官方消息，CBA青岛赛区今天终于迎来复赛后第一批入场观赛的球迷。	Chinanews.com, released July 26 According to official information from the CBA League, today the CBA finally welcomed its first group of in-person fans to a match after resuming games.
现场观赛球迷包括了青岛移动的工作人员以及医生、教师、公安人员等在疫情期间为社会做出卓越贡献的人群，7月31日，本赛季CBA季后赛正式开战，届时也将正式恢复面向球迷售票。	Among the fans physically present were Qingdao Mobile staff, doctors, teachers, and public security personnel who made noteworthy social contributions during the epidemic, and on July 31st, this season’s CBA playoffs will officially begin, while ticket sales to the public will also officially resume.
受疫情影响，CBA联赛在中断近5个月后，于6月20日开始复赛。	Because of the epidemic, CBA games were paused for the past 5 months, and began resuming on June 20th.
虽然26日下午入场观赛的观众不多，但是现场的阵营感已经很明显了：有人在鼓掌，而有人在沉默。	Although there weren’t many in the audience on the afternoon of the 26th, the sense of team spirit among the spectators was obvious: some applauded, while others were silent.
场上球员针锋相对，场下球迷也在分庭抗礼，这样的画面已经许久未见。	The game was close and intense, and in the stands, the audience competed just as fiercely, which is a scene we haven’t seen for a long time.
季后赛时，球迷们如果想现场观赛，下面这些可要注意了。	For fans who want to watch the playoff games in person, these are a few things to know.
此次开放球迷购票观赛的场馆为青岛国信体育中心钻石体育馆(崂山赛区)，球票销售全面实行线上实名制购票、线下实名制入场的制度，所有观赛球迷须年满12岁、且持有48小时内核酸检测合格证明。	The venue for the in-person playoff games will be the Qingdao Guoxin Sports Center Diamond Stadium (Laoshan District), ticket sales will utilize an online real-name registration and offline real-name entry system, and all who attend in person must be at least 12 years of age and have qualifying nucleic acid test results from within 48 hours prior to entry.
奖励5万元 湖北恩施表扬沙子坝滑坡“预警第一人” - 中新网	50K Award Goes to Person Who Provided First Alert of Yangziba Landslide in Enshi, Hubei Province-ChinaNews.com
湖北日报讯(记者林晶)7月26日，恩施市通报表扬为沙子坝滑坡预警作出重要贡献的地质灾害点监测员陈光明，并为他送去5万元奖金。	From Hubei Daily (reported by Lin Jing) On July 26, Enshi City announced the commendation of Chen Guangming, an inspector at a geological disaster site who made a great contribution in issuing the early warning about the Shaziba landslide, and awarded him RMB 50,000 Yuan.
同时，号召全市党员干部学习他恪尽职守、敢于担当、主动作为、乐于奉献的精神。	Meanwhile, all Party members and leaders of the city are called upon to learn from his dedication to his duty, willingness to take the initiative, and devotion to serve.
7月21日，恩施市屯堡乡马者村沙子坝发生滑坡，导致清江干流河道形成堰塞湖，58岁的陈光明是预警此次滑坡的第一人。	On July 21, a landslide at Shaziba in Mazhe Village, Tunbao County, Enshi City led to a barrier lake on the main stream of Qingjiang River, and Chen Guangming, 58, was the first to alert authorities of this landslide.
7月17日下午，陈光明得知村民家中墙壁开裂的消息，立即到现场查看。	On the afternoon of July 17, Chen Guangming learned that the walls of a villager’s house had cracked and went onsite to check on it.
他刚从家中走出五六百米，便看到村组公路裂开四五厘米，沿着公路一直延伸到玉米地，长度约50米。	Only about 500 meters out from home, he saw a crack in the village road extending into the corn field, 4-5cm in width and around 50 meters in length.
陈光明顿生警觉，第一时间将公路开裂的照片发到乡“地质灾害监测员联系群”里。	Chen Guangming became alarmed at once and immediately sent a photo of the crack in the road to the Geological Disaster Inspection liaison group.
经屯堡乡自然规划所相关负责人现场查看和判断，滑坡的可能性很大，随即作出撤离群众的决定。	After site inspection, the head of the environment planning office in Tunbao County came to the conclusion that the possibility for landslide was high and decided to evacuate the villagers.
陈光明的及时预警，为影响区内315户1339名群众的安全撤离贏得了36小时的宝贵时间。	Thanks to Chen Guangming’s timely alert, 36 hours were provided for 1339 people from 315 households within the affected area to safely evacuate.
此次重大地质灾害，无一人伤亡。	No one died or was harmed during this major geological disaster.
陈光明认真负责的敬业精神得到群众的称赞。	Cheng Guangming’s professional dedication was spoken highly of by the people.
面对赞誉，他说：“不存在救了谁，这是我的责任。 ”	In response to the praise, he said, “It’s not a big deal, it’s just my responsibility. ”
澳大学研制新药有望用于治疗新冠引发的血管堵塞-新华网	Australian university develops new drug to treat COVID-19 blood vessel blockage - Xinhuanet
新华社悉尼7月26日电（记者陈宇）澳大利亚莫纳什大学的研究人员正在研发一种有助于预防心脏病和中风的新药，并希望这种药物能用于治疗由新冠病毒引发的血管堵塞。	Xinhua News Agency, Sydney, reported July 26 (Correspondent: Chen Yu) Researchers at Australia’s Monash University are developing a new drug to prevent stroke and heart disease, and it is hoped that the same drug can be used to treat blood vessel blockage caused by COVID-19.
研究人员发现，在心脏病或中风发作前，血小板中的一种酶会加速血小板凝结。	The researchers discovered that prior to a heart attack or stroke, an enzyme present in platelets accelerates platelet clotting.
由此他们研发一种药物，可以暂时性抑制血小板凝结，从而避免血管堵塞，对心脏病和中风起到预防作用。	To target this, they are developing medicine to temporary inhibit platelet clotting as a way to avoid clogging blood vessels and thereby prevent heart disease and stroke.
研究人员表示，这种药物只会在出现心脏病或中风征兆时，抑制血小板的凝结效应。	They claim the drug’s inhibitive effect will only affect clotting when in the presence of signs of heart attack or stroke.
由于有研究显示类似的血管堵塞是导致新冠重症患者死亡的主要原因之一，研究人员希望这种药物在将来可以用于此类重症患者的治疗。	Studies indicate that such blood vessel blockage is a leading cause of death in severe COVID-19 cases, so the researchers hope this drug can be use to treat such severe cases in the future.
目前，该药物已在动物模型实验中取得良好效果，研究人员准备下一阶段进行人体临床试验。	At present, the drug shows promising results in animal studies, and the researchers are preparing for the next phase of experiments, human trials.
研究成果日前已发表在美国《科学·转化医学》杂志上。	The results of their research were recently published in the US magazine “Science Translational Medicine”.
他成为CBA联赛复赛允许观众现场观赛后，首位进场的观众。	He was the first spectator to enter a CBA venue after the league resume games and allowed in-person audiences.
当日，在山东青岛举行的2019-2020赛季中国男子篮球职业联赛（CBA）复赛第二阶段（崂山赛区）比赛中，医护人员、教师、公安战线人士通过官方购票平台，完成包括核酸检测在内的相关流程后进场观看了上海久事队迎战山东西王队的比赛。	On the day, at the second stage game of the 2019-2020 China Men’s Basketball Professional League (CBA) semifinals (Laoshan Division) in Qingdao, Shandong Province, medical personnel, teachers, and public security officers went through the official ticket platform procedures, including nucleic acid testing, and afterward, he entered the court to watch the Shanghai Sharks play the Shandong Heroes.
观赛期间，观赛者须全程佩戴口罩，对号入座，严格保持间隔一米就座。	During the game, spectators were required to wear masks the whole time, sit in assigned seats, and maintain a one meter distance between seats.
退场时，观众须按照自后向前、先两边后中间的顺序，保持“一米线”社交距离有序退场。	While leaving, the audience was required to exit in an orderly fashion and maintain a distance of one meter from others on all sides.
新疆深耕“向日葵田” 用好清洁能源-中新网	Xinjiang Ploughs in “Sunflower Fields” to Take Advantage of Clean Energy-ChinaNews.com
2020-07-26 15:43:42 来源：中国新闻网 作者：陈海峰 责任编辑：陈海峰	2020-07-26 15:43:42 Source: Chinanews.com Author: Chen Haifeng Editor: Chen Haifeng
中新社新疆哈密7月26日电 题：新疆深耕“向日葵田” 用好清洁能源	CNS from Hami, Xinjiang, July 26 Xinjiang Ploughs in “Sunflower Fields” to Take Advantage of Clean Energy
6000多块五边形定日镜，每块48平方米，一圈一圈排列整齐，如一片银色“向日葵田”，随太阳转动，将阳光反射到中心200多米高的吸热塔，实现发电。	Over 6,000 pentagon heliostats, 48 square meters each, lined up in circles like a field of silver sunflowers, turning with the sun and reflecting sunlight to the 200-meter heat absorption tower in the middle for power generation.
记者25日在新疆哈密市伊吾县淖毛湖镇的中电工程哈密熔盐塔式光热发电场，见到这一场景。	On the 25th, the reporter saw this view when visiting a CNEEC Hami molten salt tower solar power plant in Naomaohu Township of Yiwu County in Hami, Xinjiang.
“所谓熔盐塔式光热发电，就是将太阳光通过镜面集中反射到吸热塔形成热能，再通过传统发电技术将热能转化为电能。”	“Molten salt tower solar power generation means to form thermal energy through specular concentrated sunlight reflection to the heat absorption tower, then turn the thermal energy into electricity through conventional power generation technology. ”
中电哈密太阳能热发电有限公司副总经理张勇介绍说，其设计原理类似于中国西北地区农村使用的太阳灶，都要把太阳光聚集起来。	Zhang Yong , Vice GM of CNEEC Hami Solar Power Co., Ltd., said the design concept is similar to solar stoves used in Northwestern rural areas, which use concentrated sunlight.
该发电场于2017年10月开工建设，去年底实现并网，占地6600亩，共计划安装14500块定日镜。	Covering an area of 6,600 mu, the power plant, construction of which started in October 2017, was integrated into the grid at the end of last year, with a total of 14,500 heliostats ultimately to be installed.
“相比传统太阳能发电技术，其最大优点是可将聚集的热能储存起来，在晚上也能发电。”	“Compared to conventional solar power technology, its greatest advantage is to store collected thermal energy so that power generation can continue in the evening. ”
张勇说，该项目配置的13小时储热系统，可使发电机组保持连续稳定运行，不受光照变化影响；也可根据电网负荷峰谷需求，快速参与电网调峰。	Zhang Yong said the 13-hour thermal storage system deployed at this project is not affected by sunlight changes, enabling continuous stable operation of the generator unit, and can also swiftly support power grid peak stabilization according to grid load peak and valley demands.
该项目完全建成后，可实现年发电量1.98亿度，每年可节约标准煤6万多吨，减排二氧化硫60多吨、氮氧化物60多吨、烟尘约20吨、二氧化碳15多万吨，为当地提供源源不断的清洁能源。	Annual power generation of the project will reach 198 million kwh when completed, saving over 60,000 tons of standard coal, cutting over 60 tons of sulfur dioxide emission, 60 tons of oxynitrides, 20 tons of dust and fumes, and over 150,000 tons of carbon dioxide while providing a steady flow of clean energy to the locals.
除此之外，在哈密市石城子光伏产业园内还有另一片银色“向日葵田”。	Aside from that, there is another silver sunflower field in Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park in Hami City.
哈密弗光太阳能光伏电站占地2300多亩，已建成的714台发电设备同样跟随太阳转动，始终保持太阳光与聚光板面成90度直角。	The Hami Fuguang Solar Photovoltaic Power Plant covers an area of over 2,300 mu, with 714 generators following the sun to always maintain a 90 degree right angle between sunlight and panels.
“我们采用双轴跟踪式聚光发电技术，通过统一集成控制，所有发电设备会根据太阳高度调整角度，保持发电效率。”	“We use dual-axis tracking CPV technology that through integrated controls, ensures all power generating equipment adjusts its angle to the altitude of the sun to maintain generating efficiency. ”
该电站站长段梦琪说，在光照好的天气条件下，该发电技术较传统的光伏发电效率可提升20%左右。	Duan Mengqi, head of the power plant, said in good lighting weather, this technology improves efficiency by 20% compared to conventional photovoltaic power generation.
今年上半年，该电站已实现发电700多万度，补充了当地用电需求。	In the first half of this year, the power plant generated over 7 million kwh of electricity and supplemented local power demand.
石城子光伏产业园是目前新疆单体规模最大，光伏组件类型最全的一座光伏产业示范园区，共入驻光伏发电项目38个，总装机82万千瓦。	Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park is currently the largest demonstration park with the most comprehensive photovoltaic component types, and it currently hosts 38 photovoltaic power generation projects with a total installed capacity of 820,000kw.
今年上半年完成发电量超1.1亿度，较2019年同期增长6%。	In the first half of this year, it generated 110 million kwh, an increase of 6% compared to 2019.
哈密是中国太阳能资源条件最好的地区之一。	Hami is one of the regions that has the best solar energy resources in China.
年平均太阳总辐射量为每平方米6200多兆焦，全年日照时数3200小时左右。	Its average annual solar radiation is over 6,200 MJ per square meter, with around 3,200 annual sunshine hours.
近年来，该市大力发展光伏产业，种好“向日葵田”。	In recent years, Hami has focused on developing its photovoltaic industry and established “sunflower fields”.
已建成装机250余万千瓦的太阳能发电规模，今年上半年该市光伏发电量超14亿度，同比增长约14%。	Installed solar power capacity is over 2.5 million kw, and its power generation exceeded 1.4 billion kwh in the first half of the year, 14% year-on-year growth.
目前，新疆并网光伏电站330多座，装机容量超1000万千瓦。	At present, Xinjiang has more than 330 photovoltaic plants connected to the grid, with an installed capacity of over 10 million kw.
预计今年全年光伏发电量将达150亿度，可替代标准煤600多万吨。	This year’s power generation is expected to be 15 billion kwh, which can replace over 6 million tons of standard coal.
警方通报“女大学生赴青海旅游失联”细节 搜救工作仍在继续-新华网	Details of “the Female College Student Who Lost Contact When Travelling in Qinghai Province” Unveiled by the Police, Search and Rescue are Still Underway -- Xinhua Net
新华社西宁7月26日电（记者王金金 周喆）近日，“一名女大学生前往青海格尔木旅游后失联”一事引发网民关注。	XINING, July 26 (Xinhua) (Journalist: Wang Jinjin, Zhou Zhe) Recently, the news that “a female college student lost contact while travelling in Golmud, Qinghai Province” attracted the attention of net citizens.
青海省海西蒙古族藏族自治州格尔木市公安局26日通报称，南京某大学学生黄某某目前仍处于失联状态，多地警方正深入黄某某失联地沿线，积极开展寻找工作。	According to the notice of the Public Security Bureau of Golmud City, Haixi Mongolian and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture on July 26th, 2020, a female college student in Nanjing whose surname is Huang lost contact; the police of multiple cities are proactively searching for her around the place where she lost contact.
2020年7月10日，海西州格尔木市公安局治安支队接到上级通知，南京某大学学生黄某某于7月5日乘坐Z164列车由南京至格尔木，于7月9日在青海省玉树藏族自治州曲麻莱县索南达杰保护站清水河西南区域处手机关机并失联，要求协助查找。	On July 10, 2020, the Security Team of the Public Security Bureau of Golmud, Haixi Mongolian and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture of Qinghai Province was informed by higher authorities that a female college student in Nanjing whose surname is Huang took the Z164 Railway from Nanjing to Golmud, and her cellphone was turned off in the southwest of Qingshui River, Suonandajie Natural Protection Station, Malai County, Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture of Qinghai Province, and were asked to help search the lost girl.
根据格尔木市公安局的调查情况，黄某某于7月6日19时54分进入青海省境内，7日4时抵达格尔木市。	According to the investigation of the Public Security Bureau of Golmud, Huang entered Qinghai Province at 19:00 of July 6, 2020, and arrived in Golmud at 4:00 of July 7.
当日8时，失联人员黄某某乘坐出租车由格尔木市黄河大酒店朝G109国道出发，并于12时到达可可西里索南达杰保护站，出租车司机单独返回，黄某某7日15时到达索南达杰保护站附近清水河区域直至9日18时许在该区域关机。	At 8:00 of July 7th, Huang took a taxi from the Yellow River Hotel in Golmud to G109 National Expressway, and arrived at Suonandajie Natural Protection Station in Hoh Xil at 12:00, after which the taxi driver returned alone, and at 15:00 of July 7th, Huang arrived at the area of Qingshui River around Suonandajie Natural Protection Station until her cellphone was turned off at 18:00, July 9.
在进一步调查中，警方发现黄某某曾于7月13日17时07分通过乃吉沟检查站。	During further investigation, the police found that Huang arrived at Naijigou Checkpoint at 17:07 of July 13.
乃吉沟检查站是西藏自治区那曲市在格尔木市南山口设立的检查站，由于该检查站无视频监控，无法确定本人及所乘车辆信息，警方只能驾车在沿途进行查找，协调西藏沿途各检查站若发现黄某某，立即与格尔木市公安局取得联系。	Naijigou Checkpoint is a checkpoint set at the south mountain pass of Golmud by Naqu, Tibet; without video surveillance, it is impossible to confirm the information of the person and car, so the police could only search for clues along the road, and they asked checkpoints along the way to Tibet to immediately contact with the Police Security Bureau of Golmud if they encounter someone looking like Huang.
根据最新情况，7月26日凌晨1时，格尔木市公安局组织救援力量携带救援装备，前往青藏公路沿线不冻泉保护站、索南达杰保护站进行查找，并积极与四川警方、西藏警方、南京警方取得联系，共同开展工作，目前查找搜救工作仍在继续。	According to the latest news, at 1:00 on July 26, the Police Security Bureau of Golmud organized a rescue team to search in Budongquan and Suonandajie Natural Protection Stations along the Tibetan Expressway, and maintained active contact with the police in Sichuan, Tibet, and Nanjing, for cooperation; the search and rescue operation is still underway.
当地警方希望广大网友和社会各界如有相关线索，及时向格尔木警方和南京江宁警方提供，争取早日找到失联人员黄某某。	The local police hopes that if there are clues held by netizens and people in all walks of life, they should be immediately provided to the police of Golmud and Jiangning, Nanjing in an effort to find Huang as soon as possible.
同时，有关专家提示，游客在户外活动时要规范、理性、文明，随时留意路边警示标志，切勿冒险进入无人区，遇到突发情况，要及时报警。	At the same time, according to relevant experts, tourists should follow the rules and be rational when doing outdoor activities, should pay attention to warning signs along the road at all times, not take the risk of entering deserted areas, and if there are emergencies, call the police immediately.
美媒揭开了美方无端要求中国关闭驻休斯敦总领馆的真相-中新网	U.S. Media Unveils U.S. Unwarranted Demand to Shut Down Chinese Consulate General In Huston-ChinaNews.com
2020-07-26 14:40:44 来源：央视网 作者：朱延静 责任编辑：朱延静	2020-07-26 14:40:44 Source:cctv.com Author:Zhu Yanjing Editor: Zhu Yanjing
美媒揭开了美方无端要求中国关闭驻休斯敦总领馆的真相	U.S. Media Unveils U.S. Unwarranted Demand to Shut Down Chinese Consulate General In Huston
24日，中国外交部通知美国驻华使馆，中方决定撤销对美国驻成都总领事馆的设立和运行许可，并对该总领事馆停止一切业务和活动提出具体要求，作为对美方21日突然要求中方关闭驻休斯敦总领馆的反制措施。	On the 24th of this month, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs notifies United States’ Embassy to China that it decided to revoke the license for the establishment and operation of the U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu, and outlines specific requirements to shut down all businesses and activities of the Consulate General in response to the sudden U.S. request to shut down the Chinese Consulate General in Houston on the 21st.
美国政府这一行为引发多方关注，其政治动机遭到了外媒和学者的质疑。	This action taken by the United States government has drawn broad attention, and its political motivation is questioned by foreign media and scholars.
为何要求中方关闭总领馆？	What is the reason behind the demand for the Chinese Consulate General shutdown?
多家外媒称，尚不清楚为何美国会选中中国驻休斯敦总领馆，但对于这一举动的目的，外媒直言不讳地表示：为了大选。	Several foreign media reported that the reason why the U.S. would select the Chinese Consulate General in Huston is unclear, but as to the purpose of this action, they stated straightforwardly that it was “for the election”.
美国有线电视新闻网(CNN)23日报道称，美方要求中方关闭驻休斯敦总领馆的举动引发民众对其政治动机的质疑。	According to a CNN report on the 23rd, the request to shut down the Chinese Consulate General in Houston made people question the United States’ political motives.
文章称，美国政府对新冠疫情灾难性的应对，造成了总统特朗普在大选前的民调支持率较为低迷。	As the article states, U.S. government’s disastrous response to the COVID-19 pandemic has led to President Trump’s sluggish support rate in polls prior to the election.
白宫官员私下称，对中国采取的强硬策略是为了挽救特朗普的支持率，同时也是为了转移白宫疫情应对失败的责任。	White House officials’ private statements indicate that the tough position against China is to save Trump’s support rate as well as to shift the focus away from the White House’s failure in response to the pandemic.
文章认为，中国驻休斯敦总领馆是美国选择的一个“受政治驱动、非常谨慎的”目标，美国政府选中它是“为了制造强硬的态度，同时避免造成重大冲突的风险”。	The article believes Chinese Consulate General in Houston to be a “politically motivated and discreet” target chosen by the U.S. “to create a tough position while avoiding major conflicts”.
英国广播公司(BBC)也认为，在美国大选季来临、美国经济受到疫情严重打击之际，特朗普认为“打‘中国牌’具有政治优势”。	The BBC also believes that with the U.S. election around the corner and the U.S. economy suffering badly due to the pandemic, Trump sees “playing the ‘China card’ as politically beneficial”.
目前的状况是“一场螺旋式上升的、针锋相对的斗争”，这在一定程度上是由美国政府从国内考量的角度推动的，只会使中美之间的紧张关系更加恶化。	The current situation is a “spiraling tit for tat fight”, which, driven by U.S. government’s domestic considerations to some extent, will only worsen tensions between China and the U.S.
美国哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS)报道称，特朗普的连任前景因疫情暴发而承压，他一再因疫情而指责中国。	According to CBS, Trump’s prospects for a second term is under pressure because of the pandemic, and he has repeatedly pointed his finger at China for the outbreak.
美国几乎每天都有针对特朗普所谓“中国剥削美国”荒谬论调的新行动。	The U.S. has almost daily new actions based on Trump’s absurd argument of so-called “China’s exploitation of the United States”.
“休斯敦总领馆在建立两国联系方面十分重要”	“The Consulate General in Huston is important for building bilateral connections”
美联社评论称，美国要求中国关闭驻休斯敦总领馆加剧了世界上最大的两个经济体之间的紧张关系。	As stated by the AP, the U.S. request to shut down Chinese Consulate General will aggravate tensions between two of the world’s largest economies.
若关闭了中国驻休斯敦总领馆，除了外交方面的影响，位于美国南部的中国公民面临获得领事服务方面的困难，寻求签证和其他服务的美国公民也同样面临困难。	Besides the diplomatic impact, with the Chinese Consulate General in Houston shut down, Chinese citizens in the South will face difficulties accessing consular services, and so will U.S. citizens applying for visas or other services.
休斯敦一家商业团体对美方要求中国关闭驻休斯敦总领馆一事表示遗憾，称总领馆在建立两国贸易、投资和文化联系方面发挥了重要作用。	A business group in Huston expressed its regrets on this matter, saying the Consulate General plays a key role in bilateral trade, investment, and cultural connections.
美联社认为，这反映出中国经济的重要性。	The AP believes that it reflects the importance of China’s economy.
美国《外交政策》杂志网站认为，美方这一举动“是一系列挑衅性举措的一部分，这些举措只会让美中关系恶化”。	According to the Foreign Policy website, this action by the U.S. is “part of a series of provocative moves that will only aggravate U.S.-China relations”.
路透社援引美国智库布鲁金斯学会东亚问题专家乔纳森·波拉克的话称，自从美中两国1979年建立全面外交关系以来，他想不出任何举动能与美国针对中国驻休斯敦总领馆的这次行动来相提并论。	Reuters quoted Jonathan Pollack, East Asia expert of Brookings Institution, saying he couldn’t think of anything comparable to the United States action on the Chinese Consulate General in Houston since the two countries established diplomatic relations in 1979.
香港《南华早报》报道称，美方这一举动在中美两国40余年外交关系中是前所未有的。	The South China Morning Post in Hong Kong calls the U.S. action unprecedented in the 40 years of China-U.S. diplomatic relations.
分析人士认为，这一举动可能造成持久性损害。	Analysts believe this action could cause lasting damage.
中国驻休斯敦总领馆建于1979年，是中国在美国开设的第一个总领馆。	The Chinese Consulate General in Houston was established in 1979 as the first Chinese Consulate General opened in the United Stated.
目前，中国在美国设有一个大使馆和五个总领馆。	Currently, China has one Embassy and five Consulate Generals in the United States.
俄罗斯举办阅兵式庆祝海军节-新华网	Russia holds Navy Day military parade - Xinhuanet
7月26日，在俄罗斯圣彼得堡，舰艇列队参加海军节庆祝活动。	On July 26th in St. Petersburg, Russia, ships line up to take part in Navy Day celebrations.
新华社发（莫京娜摄）	Xinhua News Agency (Photo: Mo Jingna)
新华社莫斯科7月26日电（记者鲁金博）俄罗斯各舰队26日举行阅兵式庆祝海军节，纪念俄海军成立324周年。	Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 26th (Correspondent: Lu Jinbo) On the 26th, the Russian fleet held a military parade to commemorate Navy Day and the 324th anniversary of the founding of the Russian Navy.
当天，俄罗斯北海、波罗的海、黑海、里海和太平洋舰队分别在各自基地所在海域举行了阅兵式，共有1.5万军人、219艘各类舰艇和71架军用飞机参加。	On the same day, similar parades were held by the Russian Northern, Baltic Sea, Black Sea, Caspian Sea, and Pacific Fleets in their respective waters, which together involved 15,000 soldiers, 219 ships of every type, and 71 military aircraft.
俄总统、武装力量最高统帅普京出席了波罗的海舰队的阅兵式。	Vladimir Putin, Russia’s president and supreme commander of the armed forces, attended the Baltic Fleet parade.
约4000名军人、46艘舰艇和40余架战机参加了当地的阅兵式。	Over 4,000 soldiers, 46 ships, and more than 40 military aircraft took part in this parade.
普京首先在位于波罗的海喀琅施塔得海军基地水域检阅了舰艇列队。	Putin’s first stop was to inspect the fleet in the waters off the Kronstadt naval base on the Baltic.
之后，他乘坐快艇抵达圣彼得堡市中心的涅瓦河水域并上岸，观看了在涅瓦河上举行的阅兵式。	Later, he went by speedboat to the Neva River in central St. Petersburg, where he went ashore to watch the parade pass on the Neva.
普京在阅兵式上发表讲话说，俄海军装备的现代化技术水平近年来持续提升，俄海军2020年将总共接收约40艘配备独特高超音速打击系统的新型舰艇。	At the parade, Putin said in a speech that the technical level of modern Russian naval hardware continues to improve, and that in 2020, it will receive roughly 40 new ships with exclusive hypersonic attack technology.
另外，俄海军总司令叶夫梅诺夫日前在接受俄国防部机关报《红星报》采访时说，俄建造舰艇的计划得到了有效落实，2020年俄海军计划接收的新舰艇数量是近年来规模较大的。	Nikolai Yevmenov, commander-in-chief of the Russian Navy, said in an interview with Russian Defense Ministry newspaper “Red Star” that Russia’s plan to construct new ships has been effectively carried out, and in 2020, the amount of new ships received by the Russian Navy will be among the highest in recent years.
1696年，沙皇彼得大帝着手组建海上舰队，开创了俄海军历史。	The history of the Russian Navy began in 1696, when Tsar Peter the Great implemented a plan to acquire a navy for Russia.
每年7月最后一个星期日是俄罗斯海军节。	Russia’s Navy Day takes place each year on the last Sunday of July.
针对疫情防控工作出现的新变化，自7月17日以来，新疆各级工会响应自治区总工会的号召，积极参与疫情防控工作。	In response to the new changes in pandemic prevention and control, since July 17, trade unions at all levels in Xinjiang have responded to the call of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions and actively participated in the work of pandemic prevention and control.
天山南北工会干部、职工、劳动模范走进街道社区、居民群众中，开展送菜送药、消毒灭菌、宣传防疫知识等活动，服务职工群众，用实际行动彰显工会“硬核力量”。	Trade union cadres, workers, and model workers from the north and south of the Tianshan Mountains went into the streets, communities, and residences to deliver food and medicine, disinfect and sterilize, and disseminate knowledge related to pandemic prevention and control by holding activities, served the workers and the public, and demonstrated the "solid power" of trade unions through practical actions.
近日，乌鲁木齐市天山区总工会慰问组一行，将一批急需的疫情防控生活物资送到了12个隔离点的工作人员手中。	Recently, the charity group of the Urumqi Tianshan District Federation of Trade Unions sent a batch of urgently needed necessities for pandemic prevention and control to the staff of the 12 isolation sites.
疫情发生后，天山区总第一时间投入经费105万余元，紧急下拨给23个直属基层工会。	After the outbreak of the COVID-19, the Tianshan District Federation of Trade Unions invested more than RMB 1.05 million, which were urgently allocated to the 23 subordinate grassroots trade unions.
中建新疆建工一建党委副书记、工会主席赵相国接到公司关于疫情防控的通知后，主动请缨，选择留在单位值班，为职工保驾护航。	After receiving the company's notice on pandemic prevention and control, Zhao Xiangguo, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of the Trade Union of the First Construction Engineering Group of CSCEC Xinjiang Construction & Engineering (Group) Co., Ltd, took the initiative and chose to stay on duty in the office to protect the staff.
他为居住在单位宿舍和新入职的职工送去做饭的炊具、食品及日用品，并组织人员每隔两天为他们送一次生活必备物资。	During this period, he sent cooking utensils, food, and daily necessities to workers and new recruits living in the company dormitory, and dispatched personnel to deliver essentials every two days.
“7月21日起，对坚守战‘疫’一线的干部职工进行摸底，并采取线上下单、商家送货上门的方式，先行为乌鲁木齐地区704名一线职工群众补充购买防疫用品和生活物资。”	"From July 21, we surveyed the cadres and workers on the front line, and placing orders online and home delivery by merchants was adopted to purchase and deliver additional supplies and living materials for 704 frontline workers and people in the Urumqi area. ”
新疆交通运输工会负责人告诉记者，面对突发疫情，他们全力做好疫情防控服务保障、稳步推进交通运输发展各项工作，营造齐心战“疫”的浓厚氛围。	The person in charge of trade union of the Transport Department of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region told this reporter that faced with the sudden outbreak of the COVID-19, they were doing their best to guarantee services for pandemic prevention and control and steadily promote the development of transport, creating a strong sense of unity in the battle against the COVID-19.
当前正值夏季高温，各级工会紧盯疫情防控重点地区的一线职工，把“送清凉”关心关爱落到实处。	At present, as the summer heat comes, trade unions at all levels are concentrating their efforts in serving front-line workers in the key areas of the pandemic prevention and control, in order to send their care and concern.
7月19日，乌鲁木齐县总工会启动向疫情防控一线职工“送清凉”慰问活动，全县警务站、卡点和卫生系统收到了饮料、水果等慰问品。	On July 19, the Federation of Trade Unions in the Urumqi County launched a "cool delivery" campaign to frontline workers in the pandemic prevention and control, during which police stations, key places, and sanitation systems throughout the county received drinks, fruit, and other sympathy products.
“工会干部要进一步提高政治站位、强化责任担当，用关怀温暖人心，用行动鼓舞斗志。	"All cadres in the company should further improve our political standing and strengthen the awareness of our responsibility so that we can warm others with care and inspire others with action.
要充分发挥工会组织凝聚职工、团结职工的作用，做好疫情防控服务保障，积极维护广大职工的健康权益，把关爱送到一线职工身边。”	We should give full play to the role of trade unions in building cohesion and unity among workers, do a good job in guaranteeing pandemic prevention and control services, and actively safeguard the health rights of labor by sending care to front-line workers, ”
自治区总工会相关负责人表示。	The person in charge of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions said.
2020年直招士官工作全面展开-新华网	The work of directly recruiting sergeants has been fully launched -- Xinhua Net
新华社北京7月26日电（记者贾启龙）军委政治工作部、军委国防动员部近日联合印发通知，部署展开2020年从普通高等学校毕业生中直接招收士官工作。	Xinhua News Agency Beijing, July 26th, 2020 (Journalist: Jia Qilong) Recently, the Political Work Department of the Central Military Commission (CMC) and the National Defense Mobilization Department of the CMC jointly announced the launch of direct sergeant recruitment among university graduates in 2020.
今年直招士官涵盖计算机、自动化、机械等64类270余个军地通用专业，重点加大无人机、航海、航空航天、电子信息、小语种等专业招收力度，招收规模相比去年增加近2000人。	The recruitment this year covers over 270 majors of general use in military camps such as computer science, automation, and machine engineering, which can be divided into 64 kinds in total; recruitment will focus more on majors including unmanned aerial vehicles, navigation, aerospace, electronic information, and minority languages, with the number of sergeants to be recruited has increased by nearly 2,000 in comparison with that of last year.
今年直招士官工作与义务兵征集同步组织实施，8月1日开始，9月30日结束。	The direct recruitment of sergeants and compulsory soldiers will be held at the same time, from August 1st to September 30th.
应征青年可以通过全国征兵网（网址：http://www.gfbzb.gov.cn）查询直招士官条件和各地招收专业分布情况，符合专业范围和招收条件的在线提交报名信息，并根据应征地兵役机关统一要求，参加体格检查、政治考核等后续招收工作。	The young people willing to be recruited can view the requirements and required majors in different regions via the National Soldier Recruitment Website (website: http://www.gfbzb.gov.cn), and those who conform to the conditions can register and apply for the positions online, after which they should engage in the later work including physical examination and political evaluation according the requirements of local military recruitment authorities.
因招收专业和计划限制未能被招收为士官的合格青年，可以参加义务兵征集，服义务兵役期满选取为士官时，在普通高等学校按规定学制就读的年数视同服役时间。	Qualified youth not recruited as sergeants who are limited by their majors or the recruitment plan can apply to be a compulsory soldier, and after the period of military service, they can be selected as sergeants; years spent studying in universities can be regarded as time spent in military service.
今年士官招收工作由省级或地市级人民政府征兵办公室统一组织，报名潜力丰富专业将在综合衡量报名对象学历层次、在校期间专业课成绩、取得职业资格证书等情况基础上择优遴选；稀缺专业将面向本地符合专业要求、具备招收优势的院校定向对口招收。	The recruitment of sergeants this year is organized by soldier recruitment offices of provincial or municipal people’s governments; for majors of numerous candidates, after evaluating the educational background, academic grades and professional certificates of the candidates, the best will be selected; for minority majors, they will select qualified candidates from competitive local universities conforming to the requirements.
根据疫情常态化防控要求，今年直招士官原则上不安排自行报到，将与义务兵同步组织运输入营。	According to requirements for daily control of COVID-19, sergeants to be recruited this year will not enroll in the army themselves, but will be sent together with the new compulsory soldiers.
直接招收士官入伍时间从2020年9月1日起算，部队下达士官任职命令的时间为2020年12月1日。	The enlistment time for directly recruited sergeants will be September 1st, 2020, but the time arranged by the army to report for duty will be December 1st, 2020.
部队接收单位将科学制定入伍和专业训练方案，认真组织施训；训练完成后按照专业对口、招用一致的原则，将招收士官统一精准分配到对口专业技术岗位。	The employing institutions of the army will make scientific plans for enlisting and professional training; after training, sergeants will be sent to the corresponding technical positions according to the principle of “matching positions with majors”.
驻英使馆发言人：中国政府是网络安全的坚定维护者-中新网	Spokesperson of the Embassy of the People’s Republic of China in the UK: The Chinese Government is a Staunch Defender of Cyber Security-Ecns.cn
中新网7月26日电 据中国驻英国大使馆网站消息，25日，中国驻英国使馆发言人就有关网络攻击错误言论答记者问。	July 26, (Ecns.cn): According to the website of the Embassy of the People’s Republic of China in the UK, on the 25th, the spokesperson of the Embassy of the People’s Republic of China in the UK responded to reporters' questions about erroneous statements about cyber attacks.
发言人强调，中国政府是网络安全的坚定维护者，一贯坚决反对并打击任何形式的网络攻击和网络犯罪。	The spokesperson emphasized that the Chinese government was a staunch defender of cyber security and has always resolutely opposed and combated any form of cyber attacks and cyber crimes.
有记者提问：据媒体称，与中国有关的黑客组织曾干扰一家英国公司网络系统、向存有专利数据的英美技术公司发动攻击、入侵欧盟国家政府网络。	A reporter stated that according to the media, hacker organizations related to China had interfered with the network system of a British company, launched attacks on British and American technology companies that had patented data, and invaded the government networks of EU countries.
发言人表示，中国政府是网络安全的坚定维护者，一贯坚决反对并打击任何形式的网络攻击和网络犯罪。	The spokesperson said that the Chinese government was a staunch defender of cyber security and has always resolutely opposed and combated any form of cyber attacks and cyber crimes.
网络空间虚拟性强，溯源难，行为体多样，在调查和定性网络事件的时候应拿出充分的证据，不能无端猜测。	Cyberspace is highly virtual, and it’s difficult to trace with diverse actors, meaning sufficient evidence should be presented when investigating and identifying cyber incidents, and no unreasonable guesses should be made.
发言人称，以往的“棱镜门”等一系列事件证明，美国一直都在进行全球最大范围的网络窃密行动。	The spokesperson said that a series of incidents such as "Prism" in the past proved that the United States has been conducting the world's largest cyber theft.
维护网络空间的和平与稳定符合所有国家的共同利益。	Maintaining peace and stability in cyberspace was in line with the common interest of all countries.
发言人指出，中国在科技创新方面的成就不是偷来的、不是抢来的，而是通过自力更生、艰苦奋斗得来的。	The spokesperson pointed out that China's achievements in technological innovation were not stolen or robbed, but were obtained through self-reliance and perseverance.
2019年中国通过《专利合作条约》(PCT)途径提交了约5.9万件专利申请，年增长率为10.6%，成为提交国际专利申请量最多的国家。	In 2019, China submitted about 59,000 patent applications through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), with an annual growth rate of 10.6%, making it the country with the largest number of international patent applications.
中国已经成为创新和知识产权大国。	China has become a country of innovation and intellectual property rights.
中国人民银行乌鲁木齐中心支行数据显示，上半年，新疆涉农和小微企业新增贷款均超2019年全年增量。	New loans to both farmers and small and micro enterprises in Xinjiang in the first half of the year exceeded the annual increase in 2019, according to data from the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China.
今年上半年，人民银行乌鲁木齐中心支行运用多种货币政策工具，引导银行业不断加大贷款投放力度，为疫情防控和复工复产提供了充足资金保障。	In the first half of this year, the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China used a variety of monetary policy tools to guide the banking industry in continuously increasing the loan supply, providing sufficient capital guarantees for COVID-19 prevention and control and the resumption of work and production.
乌鲁木齐免费核酸检测多数区已基本完成 高风险地区进行二次检测-中新网	Free Nucleic Acid Testing Have Basically Been Completed in Most of Regions of Urumqi, Second Testing is Ongoing in High-risk Areas-Ecns.cn
中新网乌鲁木齐7月26日电 (记者 孙亭文 赵雅敏)乌鲁木齐市卫健委主任张卫26日在通报乌鲁木齐市最新疫情和核酸检测情况时称，目前，乌鲁木齐全市免费核酸检测工作多数区已基本完成。	URUMQI, July 26 (Ecns.cn, by Sun Tingwen, Zhao Yaomin): Zhang Wei, director of the Municipal Health Commission of Urumqi, reported on the state of the latest outbreak of pandemic and nucleic acid testing in Urumqi on the 26th, saying that at present, free nucleic acid testing work has been basically completed in most areas of Urumqi.
国务院专家组和自治区、乌鲁木齐市专家正在根据核酸检测和流行病学调查结果，对疫情的发展做进一步评估。	The expert group of the State Council and experts from the autonomous region and Urumqi are making further assessments of the development of the pandemic based on the results of the nucleic acid testing and epidemiological investigations.
新疆维吾尔自治区新闻办公室26日召开新闻发布会通报新疆疫情和防控情况。	The Press Office of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region held a press conference on the 26th to report on the pandemic situation and its prevention and control in Xinjiang.
据他介绍，7月25日0时至24时，乌鲁木齐市新增新冠肺炎确诊病例22例(其中5例为无症状感染者转确诊病例) ，新增无症状感染者38例。	According to him, there were 22 new confirmed COVID-19 cases in Urumqi from 0:00 to 24 on July 25 (including 5 confirmed asymptomatic cases), and 38 new asymptomatic cases.
截至7月25日24时，乌鲁木齐市现有确诊病例135例，无症状感染者147例。	As of 24:00 on July 25, 135 cases were confirmed in Urumqi and 147 were asymptomatic.
25日新增的无症状感染者也基本上都是通过全市免费核酸检测、主动筛查出来的。	The newly-added asymptomatic cases on the 25th were also basically discovered through free nucleic acid testing in the city.
乌鲁木齐市卫健委主任张卫26日称，乌鲁木齐全市免费核酸检测工作多数区已基本完成。	Zhang Wei, director of the Municipal Health Commission of Urumqi, reported that free nucleic acid testing work has basically been completed in most areas of Urumqi.
他还说，从国内其他地区的经验看，影响核酸检测结果的因素很多，比如检测试剂灵敏度、受检测人员的感染时间和排毒时间、标本取材时受检测者配合情况(配合度差可能导致标本没有取到位)以及检测环境、检验人员的操作熟练程度等。	He also said that from the experience of other regions in China, there are many factors that affect the results of nucleic acid testing, such as sensitivity of detection reagents, infection time and detoxification time of the tested people, cooperation of the tested people when the samples are taken (low level of cooperation may lead to failure to take the specimen), as well as the detection environment and the proficiency of the inspectors.
由于各种原因，核酸检测也会出现假阴性的结果。	For various reasons, false negative results can also appear in nucleic acid testing.
所谓假阴性，就是指受检测者确实是感染者，但是核酸检测结果却为阴性。	False negative means that the person tested is indeed infected, but the results of the nucleic acid test are negative.
另外，对于和确诊病例、疑似病例有过密切接触的人员，通常需要两次核酸检测才能排除。	In addition, for those who have close contact with confirmed cases and suspected cases, it usually takes two nucleic acid tests to exclude them.
对于去过疫情中高风险地区的人员，如果出现发热和呼吸道症状，一次核酸检测阴性存在假阴性可能，所以也需要两次核酸检测才能排除。	For those who have been to the high-risk areas for the pandemic, if fever and respiratory symptoms occur, there may be a possibility of false negatives in nucleic acid testing, so another nucleic acid test is needed.
他表示，鉴于以上情况，为了全市各族群众的身体健康，从今天开始，乌鲁木齐市将对天山区、沙依巴克区等重点地区进行二次免费核酸检测，同时开展“查遗补漏” 。	He said that in view of the above situation, for the health of the people of all ethnic groups in the city, Urumqi would carry out two free nucleic acid tests in key areas such as Tianshan district and Saybag district, and carry out the work of “making up for deficiencies".
据悉，天山区、沙依巴克区是疫情高风险地区。	It is reported that Tianshan district and Saybag district are high-risk epidemic areas.
线下精简“云”热烈 上海国际电影节透出不一般的产业信心-中新网	Streamlining Offline and Active on Cloud, Shanghai International Film Festival Shows Unusual Confidence in the Industry-ChinaNews.com
2020-07-26 06:52:39 来源：文汇报 作者：王思硕 责任编辑：王思硕	2020-07-26 06:52:39 Source: Wen Hui Bao Author: Wang Sishuo Editor: Wang Sishuo
线下精简“云上”热烈，上海国际电影节透出不一般的产业信心	Streamlining Offline and Active on Cloud, Shanghai International Film Festival Shows Unusual Confidence in the Industry
本报讯 (首席记者王彦)昨天，在严格防疫措施背景下举办的2020年上海国际电影电视节，以一场“全面奔小康，筑梦新时代”的产业高峰论坛，开启第二十三届上海国际电影节的大幕。	Reported by chief correspondent Wang Yan: Yesterday, the 2020 Shanghai International Film Festival was held amidst rigorous pandemic prevention measures, and an industry summit, “Striving for a Better Life and Building Dreams in the New Era”, lifted the curtain on the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival.
作为全球疫情持续扩散蔓延和我国疫情防控常态化以来举办的第一个国际影视节，今年的上海国际电影节意义重大。	As the pandemic continues to spread and as pandemic prevention and control in China are normalized, this year’s Shanghai International Film Festival carries great significance as the first international festival since the start of the pandemic for the film and TV industry.
在做好疫情防控常态化工作基础上，举办上海国际电影电视节，既是信心的昭示，更是决心的宣示 — — 我们战胜疫情的信心决心不变，办好人民节日的信心决心不变，建设好全球影视创制中心、打响“上海文化”品牌的信心决心不变。	To hold the Shanghai International Film and TV Festival on the basis of implementing regular outbreak prevention and control measures is a demonstration of confidence as well as of determination - our confidence and determination to defeat the pandemic remain unchanged, to give the people a good holiday remain unchanged, and to establish a global film and TV production center and forge the Shanghai Culture brand remain unchanged.
每一年的上海国际电影节，以不断创新、不断进取的姿态，都是一次再出发、新开始。	Each year is a new start for Shanghai International Film Festival to carry out innovation and progress.
因此，需要走好每一步，为满足人民大众精神生活服务，为影视产业的高质量发展服务。	Therefore, each step shall be taken carefully to serve the people’s cultural demands and to facilitate quality development of the film and TV industry.
今年更是如此。	It’s even more true this year.
为了珍惜来之不易的疫情防控局面，上海国际电影节一方面严守防疫要求，将疫情防控措施落实做细；另一方面抱着为中国电影创作集聚智慧、满足影迷观影需求等愿景，开启线上线下并举的多板块活动。	To appreciate the hard-earned outbreak in-control situation, the Shanghai International Film Festival strictly follows pandemic prevention requirements and takes protective measures in even the smallest details, while also, as it carries forward the vision of collective wisdom for Chinese film production and to serve the demands of movie fans, it holds multiple activities both online and offline.
开幕首日，从线下观影到产业论坛，电影节相关活动都严格落实相关防疫政策。	On the first day of opening, strict prevention measures were taken for film festival activities, from offline viewing to industrial forums.
论坛活动控制在50人以内，每场观影隔排隔座、上座率严控在30%以内。	For forum activities, limitations were set for 50 people and under; for each viewing, seats are arranged by every other row and occupancy rate was strictly under 30%.
正如电影节组委会秉持的，无论如何，“把人民群众生命安全和身体健康放在第一位”都是大前提。	“Putting people’s safety and health first” is the first premise for the organizing committee.
线下活动大幅精简，“云上”热闹了不少。	Offline events are significantly streamlined while cloud activities are quite alive.
为贯彻“人民城市人民建，人民城市为人民”重要理念，作为人民大众的节日，今年的上海国际电影节图创新、求转型，用线上“云展映”、大师班“云共享”等举措，满足影迷的多样需求。	To carry out the concept of “people’s city built by the people for the people”, as a people’s festival, this year’s Shanghai International Film Festival strives for innovation and transformation through activities like online “cloud screening” and “master classes” to meet the various demands of movie fans.
开幕首日，电影节的官方合作伙伴咪咕视频和东方明珠百视通分别将多部“一带一路”影片“上云 ” ，回馈影迷。	On the first day, Migu Video and BesTV, official partners of the film festival, each put several “Belt and Road” films on cloud for movie fans.
当晚，金爵开幕论坛与贾樟柯大师班也在央视频、学习强国、文汇App等多个平台上线，让百姓足不出户也能关注中国电影的最新动向。	That evening, the Golden Goblet Forum and Master Class with Jia Zhangke were put on multiple platforms such as Yangshipin, Xuexi.cn, and the Wenhui App so that people could follow the latest trends of the Chinese film industry from the comfort of home.
昨天的开幕论坛上，中央广播电视总台党组成员、副台长阎晓明致辞并宣布本届电影节开幕，上海市委常委、宣传部部长周慧琳致辞，副市长宗明出席。	At the opening forum yesterday, Yan Xiaoming, Party Group member at China Central Radio and Television Station and deputy chief, made a speech and announced the opening of the festival, while Zhou Huilin, member of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and director of the publicity department also spoke at the opening, and deputy mayor Zong Ming attended the opening forum.
白宫疫情专家福奇：对2021年初研制出疫苗持谨慎乐观	Fauci, White House pandemic expert: cautiously optimistic attitude should be held towards vaccine development in early 2021
福奇25日在国际领袖基金会主办的一场网络视频会议上作上述表示。	Fauci made the above remarks at an online video conference hosted by the International Leadership Foundation on July 25th.
他提醒说，目前尚不清楚新冠疫情在秋冬季将如何发展，也不知道疫情的最终影响会如何，“而结束这一切的唯一办法就是我们每个人都选择成为解决问题的一部分”。	He warned that it was not clear how COVID-19 would develop in the autumn and winter, nor what the ultimate impact of the pandemic would be, saying, "The only way to end all this is that we all choose to be part of the solution."
据美国约翰斯·霍普金斯大学数据，截至25日21时，美国新冠确诊病例已达417.6万，死亡14.6万人。	According to data from Johns Hopkins University, as of 21:00 on July 25th, the number of confirmed cases in the United States was 4.176 million, with 146,000 deaths.
福奇表示，美国一些地区目前正在艰难地同反弹的疫情作斗争。	Fauci said some parts of the United States were struggling with a pandemic resurgence.
尽管各地疫情有所不同，需要因地制宜的应对方案，但多样化的抗疫策略并不意味着地区之间没有紧密联系。	Although the pandemic situation varies from place to place and needs to be dealt with according to local conditions, diversified anti-pandemic strategies do not mean that there is no close connection between them.
一个地区的疫情最终会影响到其他地区。	The pandemic situation in one area will eventually affect other areas.
“现在不是自满的时候”，福奇说，“我们的工作没有完成，必须加紧努力，也必须对未来的不确定性保持警惕。”	"This is not the time for complacency," Fauci said, "We have not finished our work, so we must step up our efforts and be alert regarding the uncertainty of the future. ”
美国华裔医学专家、治疗艾滋病“鸡尾酒疗法”创始人何大一在会上指出，美国新冠疫情尚未到达顶峰。	David Ho, a Chinese American medical expert and the founder of HAART (highly active antiretroviral therapy) for AIDs treatment, pointed out at the conference that COVID-19 in the US had not yet reached its peak.
“我们每个人都必须尽自己的一份力来减缓这一病毒的传播。”	"Each of us has to do our part to slow the spread of the virus. ”
何大一呼吁，公众用自己的实际行动为科学家争取时间，以加紧研发新冠治疗药物和疫苗。	David Ho called on the public to use their own practical actions to buy time for the research and development of COVID-19 treatment drugs and vaccines.
国际领袖基金会是一家以促进美国及亚太地区国际交流活动为宗旨的非营利性组织，致力于提升美国亚太裔地位，培育国际青年领袖。	The International Leadership Foundation is a non-profit organization that promotes international exchange activities in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region, and is committed to promoting the status of Asian-Pacific Americans and cultivating international youth leaders.
当天，美国运输部长赵小兰、美联邦众议员孟昭文以及国际领袖基金会创会会长董继玲等分别在会上发言。	Elaine Chao, US Department of Transportation Secretary, Grace Meng, a member of the House of Representatives, and Chiling Tong, founding president of the International Leadership Foundation, each spoke at the meeting.
他们特别向在一线抗疫的亚太裔医务工作者和志愿者致敬，并呼吁美国公众继续坚持“社交距离”等防疫准则，遏制疫情扩散。	They paid special tribute to the Asian-Pacific medical workers and volunteers who were fighting the pandemic on the front line, and called on the American public to continue to adhere to the pandemic prevention guidelines such as "social distancing" to curb the spread of the pandemic.
大连：无新增新冠肺炎本地确诊病例 新增24例无症状感染者-新华网	Dalian: no new local confirmed COVID-19 cases, 24 new asymptomatic infected - Xinhuanet
新华社大连7月25日电（记者蔡拥军、崔师豪）大连市25日发布消息，7月24日15时至7月25日14时，大连市无新增新冠肺炎本地确诊病例，新增24例无症状感染者，无新增疑似病例。	Xinhua News Agency, Dalian, reported July 25th (Correspondents: Cai Yongjun and Cui Shihao) On the 25th, Dalian City announced that between July 24th 15:00-July 25th 14:00, there were no new local confirmed COVID-19 cases in the city, 24 new asymptomatic infected, and no suspected new cases.
7月22日至25日14时，全市累计报告新冠肺炎本地确诊病例12例，均在大连市第六人民医院集中隔离治疗。	From July 22-25 14:00, the city reported 12 confirmed cases of COVID-19, all of which were undergoing treatment at centralized isolation rooms at Dalian Sixth People's Hospital.
大连市卫生健康委副主任赵连表示，大连市根据疫情情况，组织全市三级医院医务人员进驻街道社区，在大连湾、工人村、轻轨沿线以及金普新区部分重点区域开设600余个采样点，全力推进人员核酸筛查工作，每天出动近两千名医护人员进行核酸检测采样。	Zhao Lian, deputy director of the Health Committee of Dalian, said that given the pandemic situation in Dalian, medical staff from tertiary hospitals were stationed at streets and neighborhood communities around the city and more than 600 sampling stations were established in some key areas including Dalian Bay, Gongrencun, along the light rail line, and Jinpu New District to fully carry out nucleic acid screening work, with nucleic acid test samples collected daily by nearly 2,000 medical personnel.
截至7月25日14时，全市累计采样21万余人次。	As of July 25th 14:00, 210,000 samples had been collected throughout the city.
大连市当前12例确诊病例中10例为大连凯洋世界海鲜股份有限公司员工；54例无症状感染者中46例为该公司员工及其亲戚家属；在所有的核酸检测阳性病例中，该企业员工及其亲戚家属所占比重达到85% 。	Among the 12 current confirmed cases in Dalian, 10 are employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd.; of the 43 current asymptomatic infected, 46 are employees of the company or their friends and relatives; employees of the company or their friends and relatives make up 85% of total positive nucleic acid test results.
经研判，大连市决定对大连凯洋世界海鲜股份有限公司所有员工的密切接触者以及密切接触者的密切接触者加强严格管控，实施14日集中隔离医学观察、至少2次核酸检测。	After analysis and determination, Dalian decided to intensify strict management of all close contacts of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd., as well as secondary close contacts, by requiring 14 days of centralized isolation and medical observation for them, as well as requiring at least 2 nucleic acid tests.
大连市同时决定，进一步扩大实施集中隔离医学观察人员范围，对核酸检测阳性人员（含病例及无症状感染者）的密切接触者、密切接触者的密切接触者全部实施14日集中隔离医学观察、至少2次核酸检测。	Dalian also decided to expand the scope of those subject to centralized isolation and medical observation, and will now require 14 days of centralized isolation and medical observation and at least 2 nucleic acid tests for the close contacts and secondary close contacts of anyone with positive nucleic acid tests (including cases and asymptomatic infections).
大连机场、大连火车站25日均发布通知，全市人员原则上实施非必要不离连，确需离连的，须持7日内核酸检测阴性证明；大连汽车客运总站自25日12时起暂停全市全部线路售票，具体恢复时间另行通知。	On the 26th, Dalian Airport and Dalian Railway Station both issued notices stating that in principle, unnecessary trips outside of Dalian are not allowed, and where confirmed necessary, negative nucleic acid tests results from within the last 7 days are required; Dalian Bus Terminal will suspend ticket sales for all routes from Dalian at noon on the 25th, and will resume sales at a date to be determined later.
巴西研究表明羟氯喹对治疗轻中症新冠肺炎无效-中新网	Brazilian Study Indicates Hydroxychloroquine Ineffective in Treating Mild and Moderate COVID-19 Illnesses-ChinaNews.com
近日，一项巴西研究表明，羟氯喹对轻中症新冠肺炎患者无效。	Recently, a Brazilian study has shown that hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in treating COVID-19 patients with mild and moderate symptoms.
该研究报告在《新英格兰医学杂志》 (New England Journal of Medicine)上发表。	The study report was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
巴研究人员将全国55家医院的667名患者分成三组，进行了临床试验；主要对比单独使用羟氯喹或结合其它抗生素阿奇霉素的治疗效果，分析是否有助于改善新冠肺炎轻度和中度患者的病情。	Brazilian researchers put 667 patients from 55 hospitals across the country into 3 groups for clinical trials to compare the effectiveness of treatment using hydroxychloroquine only and through hydroxychloroquine combined with other antibiotics (azithromycin) to see if it was helpful in improving COVID-19 patients’ mild and moderate conditions.
结果显示羟氯喹不仅没有治疗效果，反而可能对脏器产生损伤性副作用。	The results show that not only is hydroxychloroquine not helpful, it can have damaging side effects on the body's organs.
这项研究是由巴西多家权威医院如爱因斯坦医院(Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein) 、心脏病医院(HCor) 、叙利亚黎巴嫩医院(Hospital Sírio-Libanês)等与巴西临床研究所(BCRI)和巴西重症监护研究网络(BRICNet)联合完成。	This research was a collaboration between multiple prestigious Brazilian hospitals, such as Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein, HCor, Hospital Sírio-Libanês, and BCRI, and BRICNet.
当地时间25日，巴西总统博索纳罗通过社交平台宣布第4次核酸检测结果为阴性。	On the 25th (local time), Brazilian President Bolsonaro announced negative results of his forth NAAT test on social media.
感染期间，博索纳罗一直服用羟氯喹并多次积极推广。	While infected, Bolsonaro took hydroxychloroquine and actively recommended it on multiple occasions.
总台记者 赵艺君	Reported by: Zhao Yijun
四部门开展新一轮App治理 保护个人信息安全-新华网	Four departments begin new round of app governance to protect personal information security - Xinhuanet
新华社北京7月25日电（记者余俊杰、陈爱平）记者25日从国家网信办获悉，2020年App违法违规收集使用个人信息治理工作于近日正式启动，重点打击App后台私自上传个人信息等群众反映强烈的问题。	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, reported July 25th (Correspondents: Yu Junjie and Chen Aiping) On the 25th, the correspondents learned from the Cyberspace Administration of China that the 2020 governance work over apps that illegally collect and use personal information recently began, and will focus on cracking down on serious problems reported by the public such as apps that surreptitiously upload private information in the background.
据悉，此轮App治理工作由国家网信办、工信部、公安部、国家市场监管总局四部门联合行动开展。	Sources state that this round of app governance work will be a joint action by four departments: the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, and the State Administration for Market Regulation.
据介绍，由四部门组成的专项治理工作组去年受理了网民有效举报信息12000余条，针对2300余款App开展了核查，对用户规模大、问题突出的260款App，采取了公开曝光、约谈、下架等处罚措施。	According to sources, the special governance work group made up of these four departments handled over 12,000 reports by netizens last year, inspected 2,300 apps, and for 260 especially problematic apps with large userbases, applied penalties such as public exposure, discussions, and removal from app markets.
据国家网信办相关负责人介绍，当前App数量已超500万款，违法违规收集使用个人信息问题还未根本解决。	As reported by the responsible party at the Cyberspace Administration of China, there are currently more than 5 million apps, and the problem of illegal collection of personal information has not been resolved at a fundamental level.
2020年治理工作将进一步加大力度，在App核查基础上，进一步将治理范围拓展至SDK（软件开发工具包）和小程序等。	In 2020, governance work will be expanded beyond app verification to include SDK’s (software development kits), applets, and so on.
据悉，工作组将对个人生物特征信息收集使用不规范、App滥用敏感权限等问题进行专题研究和深度检测，重点关注录音、拍照等后台权限滥用行为。	Sources further state that the working group will conduct dedicated research and in-depth inspection of topics such as the irregular collection and use of personal biometric information and the abuse of sensitive permissions by apps, and will focus on background permission abuses such as sound recording and photography.
根据发现问题情节、后果的严重程度，工作组将依法依规予以约谈、警告、下架、罚款等处罚，对违法违规行为形成有效震慑。	Based on the circumstances surrounding problems discovered and the severity of their consequences, the working group will impose legal remedies such as discussions, warnings, removal from app markets, and fines, which will form an effective deterrent to such illegal behaviors.
据了解，工作组计划制定出台App收集使用个人信息行为应用商店审核管理指南，指导督促应用商店切实做好App上线前审核，把严入口关。	Sources continue, stating that the working group plans to issue app market review and management instruction regarding app collection of personal information which will guide and encourage app markets to properly conduct pre-launch review of apps and strictly control listings.
此外，工作组还将发布免费技术工具，指导中小企业开展自测评估，提升中小企业个人信息收集使用活动的合法合规性。	The work group will also publish free technology tools to help small and medium-sized enterprises conduct self-assessment of their collection of personal information and improve legal compliance.
约翰斯·霍普金斯大学：全球累计新冠确诊超1600万例-新华网	Johns Hopkins University: the Total Number of Confirmed Cases of COVID-19 in the World Exceeds 16 million -- Xinhua Net
新华社纽约7月26日电 美国约翰斯·霍普金斯大学26日发布的新冠疫情统计数据显示，截至美国东部时间26日2时40分（北京时间14时40分)，全球累计新冠确诊病例达到16048100例，累计死亡644537例。	New York, July 26 (Xinhua) According to statistics published by Johns Hopkins University in the United States, as of 02:40 on July 26 (Eastern Standard Time), which is 14:20 of July 26 (Beijing Time), the total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the world was 16,048,100, and the total death count was 644,537.
数据显示，美国是全球疫情最严重的国家，累计确诊病例4178027例，累计死亡146460例。	According to the statistics, the pandemic in the United States is the most severe, with 4,178,027 confirmed cases and 146,460 death cases in total.
巴西累计确诊病例2394513例，累计死亡86449例，两项数据均仅次于美国。	The total number of confirmed cases in Brazil was 2,394,513 and total deaths were 86,449, and both the two sets of data were second after the United States.
此外，累计确诊病例超过30万例的国家还有印度、俄罗斯、南非、墨西哥、秘鲁、智利和英国。	Besides, countries with more than 300,000 confirmed cases in total include India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, Peru, Chile, and the United Kingdom.
25日，2020湖南红色旅游文化节暨湘潭首届红色文化产业博览会在韶山拉开大幕。	On July 25, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and the First Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan.
近年来，红色旅游需求逐步增大。	In recent years, the demand for red tourism has gradually increased.
但是，红色旅游产业发展也面临着年轻群体偏少、游览项目同质化、商业化渠道单一等困境。	However, the development of the red tourism industry also faces the difficulties of lacking young participants, homogenization of tourism projects, and single commercial channels.
尤其是今年疫情突袭，全国文旅业严重受挫，红色旅游景点也面临严峻挑战。	In particular, the outbreak of COVID-19 this year caused a serious setback in the national cultural and tourism industry, and red tourist attractions are also facing severe challenges.
例如，利用无人机拍摄、VR沉浸体验等科技手段，可以满足游客“人未到、景已至”的游览需求;引入网络直播手段，推介红色景区的名优特产，可以直接提升红色旅游的经济效益;引入“云”技术，打造主题突出、导向鲜明、内涵丰富的精品陈列，充分展现和提升红色景区的宣教功能;创新红色文化的传播方式，让革命文物“活起来 ” ， 让红色旅游流行起来，让红色基因传承下去，提升红色景区景点的吸引力。	For example, the use of UAV shooting, VR immersion, experience and other scientific and technological means can meet the tourist demand of "scenery in front of one’s eyes"; the introduction of live-streaming to promote famous and high-quality products of red scenic spots can directly improve the economic benefits of red tourism; the introduction of "cloud" technology can create high-quality displays with prominent themes, clear guidance, and rich connotations that fully display and enhance the publicity and education functions of red scenic spots; there have been innovations in the transmission modes of red culture, making revolutionary cultural relics "come to life" and making red tourism popular, thereby passing down the red gene and enhancing the attraction of red scenic spots.
此次文化节运用时下流行的“县市(区)长+职业主播专场推介”方式推介红色文旅特产，利用5G技术提供实时观景和智慧城市演示等服务对红色文旅景点进行推介，都是为红色旅游插上智慧翅膀的努力尝试，期待湖南红色旅游越来越红火。	The popular model of "county (district) head + special promotion of professional live-streamers" to promote red cultural and tourism products in the cultural festival was used, and application of 5G technology provided real-time viewing, smart city demonstrations, and other services to promote red cultural and tourism attractions; together, all of these are efforts to increase the intelligence level of red tourism, and it is expected that red tourism in Hunan will become increasingly popular.
美中贸谈代表 传8月会面	Sino-US trade Negotiators Scheduled to Meet in August
香港《南华早报》25日引述一名匿名知情人士报导，中国贸易谈判团队负责人、国务院副总理刘鹤与美方团队共同领导人、贸易代表赖海哲可望在8月举行正式会谈，评估双方履行中美第一阶段贸易协议的情况。	According to a report from Hong Kong’s South China Morning Post on the 25th which cited an anonymous source, Chinese Vice Premier Liu He, who heads China's trade negotiation team, and US trade representative Lighthizer, who is co-leader of the US team, are expected to hold formal talks in August to review the implementation of the first phase of the bilateral trade agreement.
报导说，虽然中国过去几个月已大幅提高采购美国农产品数量，但因新冠病毒疫情等因素，中方采购量距离贸易协议中承诺的数量仍有一段距离。	Although China has significantly increased its purchases of U.S. agricultural products over the past few months, it still falls short of the amounts pledged under the trade agreement because of factors such as COVID-19 epidemic, the report said.
分析家说，近来美中相互关闭对方领事馆，加上其他争端，可能破坏双方在贸易方面的任何进展。	Analysts said that the recent closure of each other's consulates by the United States and China, together with other disputes, could undermine any progress in the trade between the two sides.
中美第一阶段贸易协议在1月15日签署后一个月生效，协议中规定双方高层组成的贸易框架小组，每半年应举行一次会谈。	The first phase of the trade agreement, which took effect a month after it was signed on Jan 15, stipulates that high-level trade framework groups from both sides should hold talks every six months.
知情人士透露，此次会议将是“一个重要的转折点”，让双方得以评估协议进展。	The meeting will be "an important turning point" for both sides to assess the progress of the agreement, according to an insider.
但这名人士也说，若美中紧张关系导致此时会谈意愿不高，双方可能会同意，赖海哲与刘鹤5月8日的电话会议，即已满足贸易协议中每半年会谈一次的条款。	But the person added that if the tense relations between the United States and China lead to low willingness to hold talks at this time, the two sides may agree that the May 8 conference call between Lighthizer and Liu He meets the trade agreement's requirement to meet every six months.
今年以来，中美关系急速恶化，双方争端包括新冠病毒起源、贸易、香港、新疆、南海与意识形态等一系列问题。	Relations between China and the United States have deteriorated sharply this year, with disputes over the origin of COVID-19, trade, Hong Kong, Xinjiang, the South China Sea, and ideology.
美国总统特朗普虽在年初吹嘘自己在首阶段协议中取得的成就，但近来态度改变。	US President Donald Trump, who boasted about his achievements in the first phase of the deal at the start of the year, has recently changed his attitude.
他23日在白宫记者会上说，虽然中国近来单日采购美国玉米数量破纪录，也买了很多大豆，“但这份贸易协议现在对我的意义，已不如当初达成时” 。	Although China has been breaking the record for amounts of US corn and soybeans bought in a single day, "This trade deal doesn't mean as much to me now as it did when it was reached," he said at a White House press conference on 23th.
一位匿名北京政府顾问也认为，由于美中关系不佳，新一轮贸易谈判不太可能进行， “贸易议题在中美关系已失去分量”。	An anonymous Chinese government adviser also agreed that a new round of trade talks was unlikely because of the poor relations between the US and China and that "trade issues have lost weight in the Sino-US relationship."
但他透露，中国经贸相关单位23日仍开会讨论了一系列问题，包括如何增加从美国的进口量， “我们已经尽力买了，所以任何追加采购会有困难” 。	However, he revealed that China's economic and trade agencies still held a meeting on the 23rd to discuss a series of issues, including how to increase imports from the United States, "We have tried our best to buy, so any additional purchases will be difficult."
美中贸易全国委员会副会长彭捷宁表示，保持首阶段协议动能“比以往任何时候都更重要”， 并指中国今年在进一步向美企开放金融市场上有所进展。	Jacob Parker, vice president of the U.S.-China Business Council, said that it was "more important than ever" to maintain momentum on the first-phase agreement, and pointed out that China has made progress in further opening its financial market to US enterprises this year.
独立研究公司Plenum分析师说 ：“谈比不谈好，尽管可能只被当成例行公事。”	An analyst at the independent research company Plenum said that,"It's better to talk about it than not to talk about it, even though it may be treated as a routine matter. ”
新华社北京7月26日电（记者魏玉坤）记者26日从应急管理部获悉，国家防办、应急管理部日前会同国家粮食和物资储备局再次紧急向安徽调运135万个编织袋、120万平方米编织布、13万平方米土工布等6类中央储备防汛物资，支持安徽抗洪抢险救援工作。	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26th, 2020 (Journalist: Wei Yukun) On July 26th, 2020, this journalist learned from the Ministry of Emergency Management that recently, the Office of State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters and the Ministry of Emergency Management, together with the National Grain and Strategic Reserve Administration, made an emergency delivery of six kinds of centrally reserved materials to fight floods, including 1.35 million woven bags, woven cloth of 1.2 million square meters, and geotextiles of 130,000 square meters to Anhui Province in support of its emergency rescue efforts amidst a flooding disaster.
据应急管理部有关负责人介绍，当前，长江中下游、淮河流域维持高水位波动，“长江2020年第3号洪水”26日在长江上游形成，局部地区风险加大。	According to the relevant person in charge in the Ministry of Emergency Management, at present, in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the basin of the Huaihe River, the water level is high, the “No.3 Flood of Yangtze River in 2020” has formed in the upper reaches of Yangtze River on July 6th, and risks in some regions are increasing.
气象部门预计，未来3天重庆、贵州、长江中下游地区有强降雨，防汛形势依然严峻复杂。	It is estimated by meteorological departments that in the next three days, there will be heavy downpours in Chongqing, Guizhou Province and in the middle and lower reaches of Yangtze River, so the flood control situation is still severe and complex.
据介绍，入汛以来，应急管理部部署国家综合性消防救援队伍向防汛重点地区前置预置专业救援力量，共参加各类抗洪抢险救援10364起，出动指战员13万余人次、消防车17778辆次、舟艇11887艘次，营救遇险被困群众37777人，疏散转移被困群众10.7万余人。	According to their introduction, this flooding season, the Ministry of Emergency Management has deployed national comprehensive fire control and rescue teams to important regions as a preemptive rescue measure, and have participated in 10,364 flood rescues, dispatched over 130,000 officers, 17,778 fire fighting trucks and 11,887 boats, rescued 37,777 people, and evacuated over 107,000 trapped people in danger.
纳斯达克中国区首席代表郝毓盛：现在是中国公司赴美IPO的最好时间节点-经济观察－专业财经新闻网站	NASDAQ Chief Representative for China Region: Now is the best time for US IPO’s for Chinese companies - Economic Observer - Financial News Website
经济观察网 记者 张斌 因为瑞幸咖啡造假事件，美国市场对中概股实施更加严厉的监管，加上估值长期承压，在美国上市的中概股备感压力，网易、京东等中概股近期纷纷开启回港上市征途。	www.eeo.com.cn - Reporter - Zhang Bin - The US market has begun supervising China concept stocks more closely due to the Luckin Coffee fraud incident, and this, paired with long-term pressure on valuations, have increased the pressure faced by Chinese concept stocks in the American market, causing several companies such as NetEase and JD.com to begin the process of migrating their primary listing location to Hong Kong.
而近期贝壳、理想汽车等公司，赴美上市热情高涨。	Meanwhile, companies such as Shell and Ideal Auto have recently expressed enthusiasm about listing in the US market.
疫情和中概股危机之下，现在是中国企业赴美上市的最好时间点吗？	Given the epidemic and the crisis for China concepts stocks, is now the best time for Chinese companies to hold IPO’s in the US?
“就近期的IPO案例以及接下来要赴美上市的公司情况而言，赴美IPO本质上没受到任何影响，反而现在市场非常好，甚至现在这个时间点是过去10年中国公司赴美IPO最好的时间节点 。”	“Several recent examples of IPO’s and the state of companies that plan to go public in the US soon show us that the basic nature of American IPO’s have not changed, in fact the current market is very good, likely the best time in the past decade for Chinese companies to stage IPO’s. “
纳斯达克证券交易所中国区首席代表郝毓盛在由雪球主办的“2020年上市公司领袖峰会中概股分会”上表示。	These were the words of Hao Yusheng, NASDAQ Chief Representative for the China Region, at Xueqiu’s “2020 Listed Company Leadership Summit China Concepts Stock Forum”.
今年4月，美国证监会（SEC）和美国公众公司会计监管委员会（PCAOB）发布《关于审计质量和监管获取审计和其他国际信息的重要作用声明 — — 关于在中国有大量业务的美国上市公司当前信息获取的挑战讨论》 。	In April of this year, the American Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and Public Company Accounting Regulatory Board (PCAOB) stated, "Emerging Market Investments Entail Significant Disclosure, Financial Reporting and Other Risks; Remedies are Limited" listing certain risks that the disclosures by Chinese companies may be "incomplete or misleading."
这份声明表示，虽然近年来的国际合作和协调显著增加，但美国监管部门在信息获取方面的问题依旧存在，SEC和PCAOB仍然面临法律和实践的挑战；与该文件相对应的是，PCAOB网站详细列出遭遇审计障碍的上市公司名单及其审计机构，大量中概股公司在列。	According to the statement, despite the significant uptick in international cooperation in recent years, US regulators still have difficulty accessing information, and the SEC and PCAOB also face challenges on a legal and practical level; in addition to the statement, a detailed list of companies on the stock exchange which pose obstacles in their audits and their auditing agencies was posted on the PCAOB website, which included many Chinese concepts stock companies.
此外，今年5月，美国国会参议院通过《外国公司问责法案》，对外国公司在美上市提出额外的信息披露要求。	Beyond this, in May of this year, the US Senate passed the "Foreign Companies Accountability Act", which adds extra disclosure requirements for companies listed in the US.
在郝毓盛看来，中概股危机并未影响投资人的胃口。	Hao Yusheng believes the crisis for Chinese concepts stocks has not impacted the appetites of investors.
“这个消息刚出来的时候引起所有人的恐慌，大家都在问未来还能不能去美国上市了，但后来我们发现这些问题在投资人那边不是事，投资人在最近赴美IPO的路演时可能会问到这些问题，甚至成为标准化的问题，但这并没有被投资人当作投与不投一家中国公司的重要因子。	“Everyone panicked when the news first emerged, and wondered if they could list in the US in the future, but we soon discovered that this was not a problem for investors; investors will certainly encounter these new problems as they plan for their IPO’s, and these may even become standardized requirements, but these are not important factors for investors when they decide whether to invest in Chinese companies.
建议大家对目前的形势尽量以一颗平常心看待。	Everyone should try to remain calm about the current situation.
当然这次表面看起来可能是过去两年里最严重的情况，但就投资人的胃口而言，没有受到任何影响。	This may seem to be the most serious development in the last two years, but in terms of investor appetite, it hasn’t had any impact.
所以接下来从现在到今年底或美国大选前，赴美IPO的热潮还会持续。”	So, from now to the end of the year, or until the US presidential election, the surge in US IPO’s will continue. “
今年5月9日，金山云正式在美国纳斯达克上市，成为疫情后第一家赴美IPO的中国企业。	On May 9th, Kingsoft Cloud was officially listed on the NASDAQ in the US, making it the first Chinese company to stage its IPO in the US after the epidemic.
“金山云的上市给后面准备IPO的中国公司非常大的信心。”	“The listing of Kingsoft Cloud should give Chinese companies getting ready for an IPO a lot of confidence, “
郝毓盛表示。	Hao Yusheng said.
雪球发布的2020上半年中概股数据报告显示，今年上半年，赴美IPO中国企业共计20家，较去年同期增长17.6% ； 从首发募资总额来看，20家企业总计筹资27.25亿，相比去年同期有所回升，涨逾52.4% ； 在行业分布上，今年上半年医疗保健行业IPO数量突出，较去年同期增长100% 。	Based on Xueqiu’s 2020 China Stocks Data Report, in the first half of the year, 20 Chinese companies had IPO’s in the US, a year-on-year increase of 17.6%; these 20 companies raised 2.725 billion yuan in initial funding, which was a rebound over last year, with a year-on-year increase of 52.4%; and industry distribution changed as well, with healthcare industry IPO’s especially prominent in the first half of the year, showing a year-on-year increase of 100%.
据郝毓盛介绍，今年上半年赴美IPO的中国公司质量较高，有过硬的基本面和成长性的优质公司，会更能得到投资人的青睐。	Hao Yusheng said it was primarily high-quality Chinese companies that sought IPO’s in the first half of the year, and that such high-quality companies with strong fundamentals and potential for growth are likely to become investor favorites.
从短期、中期、长期来看，郝毓盛对明中国公司赴美IPO继续持乐观态度。	Hao Yusheng continues to be optimistic about US IPO’s for Chinese companies, whether in the short, medium, or long term.
“短期就是赴美IPO的热潮还在持续；中期就是中国公司有更多选择，A股、港股、美股，大家会把美国大选和中美关系作为市场选择和时间选择的考量因素；长期来看，一切都会恢复到常态，市场的波动都是周期，既有政治上的周期，也有经济上的周期，最终都会回归到正常阶段，股市历来都是波动前行的。”	“In the short term, the surge of companies holding IPO’s in the US will continue; in the medium term, Chinese companies have more options with A-shares, Hong Kong stocks, and U.S. stocks, and factors such as the US election and China-US relations will be considerations for market and timing choices; in the long term, things should return to normal, with cyclical market fluctuations, both political and economic, ultimately returning to a normal state, because the markets have always fluctuated. “
郝毓盛同时表示，“今年不确定因素比较多，但对于优质公司来说，无论市场好与差，只要自己是扎实的并且有能让投资人看到的成长性，其他因素就都是相对次要的，投资人需要投资优秀的中国公司。”	At the same time, Hao Yusheng said, “There have been many factors of instability this year, but for the best companies, whatever market conditions may be, having a solid business and showing investors growth is more important than any other factors, so investors should choose high-quality Chinese companies. “
中新网北京7月26日电 (记者 高凯)7月25日晚，国家大剧院“声如夏花”系列音乐会之“生命之舞”如期在线上线下同步上演，指挥家杨洋、钢琴家张昊辰与国家大剧院管弦乐团同台合作，奏响拉赫玛尼诺夫《第二钢琴协奏曲》及《交响舞曲》。	Beijing, July 26 (China News, Gao Kai) - On the evening of July 25, the "Dance of Life", part of the NCPA Concerts' "Sound of Summer Blooms" series, was staged online and offline as scheduled; conductor Yang Yang, pianist Zhang Haochen, and China NCPA Orchestra shared the stage to play Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto and Symphonic Dances.
与此同时，坐落在北京城市副中心的国家大剧院台湖剧场也迎来了抗疫以来首场线下演出，指挥家郑健携手国家大剧院合唱团激情唱响“台湖星期音乐会”之军歌嘹亮—军旅合唱歌曲音乐会。	At the same time, the Taihu Theatre of National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA), located in the sub-center of Beijing, also staged the first offline performance since the outbreak of the COVID-19; conductor Zheng Jian and the passionate National Grand Theatre Chorus presented the "Taiko Music Week", a concert of military choral songs.
北京市疫情响应级别降级后，按照全市疫情防控要求和市相关部门文件精神，国家大剧院按照“审慎开放，逐步放开”的原则，7月25日音乐会演出，首次向社会公众限量售票。	After the epidemic response downgrading in Beijing, in accordance with the pandemic prevention and control requirements and the spirit prescribed in documents from relevant municipal departments, the NCPA staged a concert on July 25 in accordance with the principle of "Prudent Opening and Phased Release", which offered limited tickets to the public for the first time.
国家大剧院市场部部长金慧介绍：“这是疫情以来，国家大剧院向观众售票的第一个演出项目。	The NCPA will be the first venue to sell tickets to the public since the outbreak of COVID-19," said Jin Hui, head of the NCPA's Marketing Department.
按照疫情防控相关要求，实行‘一人一票一证一码’的实名销售和入场，销售数量不超过整场座位的30%。	In accordance with the requirements related to COVID-19 prevention and control, the NCPA will sell tickets and allow the audience to enter strictly based on the concept of 'one ticket, one ID and one health code for one person’, and the number of sold seats will not exceed 30% of total seats.
随后话剧《西望长安》、八一建军节特别策划音乐会、歌剧电影等演出和艺术活动也将陆续对公众限量售票。”	This will be followed by performances such as the play Xi Wang Chang’an, a specially curated concert for Military Day, as well as operas, films, and artistic events, which will also be sold to the public in limited numbers. .
7月25日的音乐会也继续在国家大剧院古典音乐频道和多家网络平台同步直播，截至25日晚12时，本场音乐会的在线播出点击量突破3000万。	The concert on 25 July was also broadcast on the NCPA Classical Music Channel and several online platforms, with the online concert viewers exceeding 30 million by 12 p.m. on July 25.
当晚音乐会在万众期待的“拉二”开头钢琴所奏钟声中开启，这是国家大剧院“声如夏花”系列音乐会首次将钢琴协奏曲献给观众。	The concert opened with the much-anticipated "Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto" performed on the piano, which is the first piano concerto of the NCPA's "Sound Like Summer Flowers" series.
张昊辰以他深沉凝练的理解，奏出作品充满忧愁与纠结的第一主题，在杨洋的指挥下，乐团与钢琴在波澜起伏的竞争与妥协中创造出连绵不绝的听觉享受。	Zhang Haochen played the melancholy and tangled first movement of the work with his deep and concise understanding, and under the direction of Yang Yang, the orchestra and piano created enchanting pleasure for the ears in the ebb and flow of competition and compromise.
经历了第二乐章的“如水静谧”和第三乐章的“盛大狂欢”后，百余位观众在重回现场的感动中爆发出热烈的掌声，线上观众们也以弹幕和评论的方式发出由衷的赞叹。	After the "Watery Silence" in the second movement and the "Grand Carnival" in the third movement, the audience of hundreds broke out in applause as they were moved to return to the hall, and the online audience also expressed their heartfelt admiration through pop-ups and comments.
随后张昊辰以一曲返场加演的肖邦遗作《升C小调夜曲》回馈观众。	Zhang Haochen then presented an encore performance of Chopin's Nocturne in C-sharp Minor Op.posth.
短暂的舞台调整后，杨洋指挥国家大剧院管弦乐团奏响了拉赫玛尼诺夫创作的最后一部大型管弦乐团作品《交响舞曲》，作曲家在这部作品呈现了更为内省的情感，并融入了他的新灵感和对过去创作和故土的记忆。	After a short break, the NCPA Ochestra performed Rachmaninoff's Symphonic Dances conducted by Yang Yang, which is also the last large orchestra piece created by Rachmaninoff; the composer embodied a more introspective emotion and incorporated his new inspirations and memories of past compositions and homeland.
在杨洋的冷静沉着的处理中，这部作品的忧郁气质和恢弘大气展露无遗，乐团也将拉赫玛尼诺夫“最后的火花”演绎地绚烂夺目。	In Yang Yang's calm and composed performance, the melancholy and grandeur of the masterpiece was revealed, and the orchestra gave a terrific performance of Symphonic Dances-the "Last Spark" of Rachmaninoff.
本场音乐会的演前导赏环节再次带给观众意外的惊喜。	The pre-concert docent-guided introduction brought another surprise to the audience.
央视《新闻联播》主播刚强来到国家大剧院的后台化妆间，为大家揭秘了捷杰耶夫、郎朗等音乐大师登台前的“据点”，随后他来到国家大剧院一层的公共空间，在三台有故事的九尺钢琴前与杨洋、张昊辰以及国家大剧院调琴师于快展开对话，刚强以一位资深钢琴爱好者的视角与他们探讨了钢琴的维护与保养、拉赫玛尼诺夫的音乐、音乐家们平时的生活和演前的准备等话题，在导赏的最后，刚强还与张昊辰“接力”合作了舒曼《梦幻曲》，让网友观众们大饱眼福。	During this, the CCTV presenter Gang Qiang of Xinwen Lianbo (News Broadcast) came to the NPCA backstage dressing room to reveal the "stronghold" of musicians such as Valery Gergiev and Lang Lang before they took to the stage, and then came to the public space on the ground floor of the NCPA to converse about their stories with Yang Yang, Zhang Haochen and NCPA tuner Yu Kuai in front of three nine-foot pianos with stories, where Gang Qiang also spoke with them about the piano maintenance, Rachmaninoff’s music, the daily life of a musician, pre-stage preparations, and other topics from the angle of a well-known piano lover; finally, at the end of the guided tour, Gang Qiang and Zhang Haochen collaborated on Robert Alexander Schumann's Traumerei, to the delight of the audience.
当晚，在国家大剧院台湖露天剧场，军歌嘹亮—军旅合唱歌曲音乐会在悠扬动听的《不忘初心》中拉开序幕。	In the evening, at the NCPA Taihu Theatre, the military choral concert began with the melodious song of "Bu Wang Chu Xin (Stay True to Your Original Aspiration)”.
这是国家大剧院“台湖星期音乐会”抗疫以来的首场演出。	This was the first performance of the NCPA’s "Taihu Music Week" since the outbreak of the COVID-19.
据悉，8月1日，指挥家郑健还将继续与国家大剧院合唱团带来“战士与祖国”—国家大剧院庆祝八一建军节合唱音乐会，作为“声如夏花”系列线上演出，通过互联网同步直播，在经典的歌声中向保卫祖国的战士们致敬。	It was learned that on August 1, conductor Zheng Jian will continue to present "Soldiers and the Motherland" with the NCPA Orchestra as a choral concert at the NCPA to celebrate Military Day as part of the "Sound of Summer Blooms" series of online performances, which will be broadcast via the Internet to pay tribute using classic songs to the soldiers who defend the motherland.
黑龙江半年查处酒驾醉驾2.2万起-新华网	Over past half year, Heilongjiang investigates and punishes 22,000 drunk driving cases - Xinhuanet
新华社哈尔滨7月26日电（记者梁书斌）记者从黑龙江省公安厅交警总队了解到，今年上半年，黑龙江省各地公安交管部门共查处酒驾醉驾2.2万起。	Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, reported July 26th (Correspondent: Liang Shubin) This reporter learned from the Heilongjiang Public Security Department Traffic Police Corps that in the first half of the year, traffic control departments from across Heilongjiang investigated and punished 22,000 drunk driving cases.
近日，鹤岗市交警在服务站执勤时，一驾驶人见有交警执勤，扔下车就跑。	Recently, when a driver noticed Hegang City traffic police on duty at the duty station, he jumped out of his car and ran.
执勤警察迅速追赶，在一村民家的仓房内将嫌疑人王某抓获。	The police on duty pursued, and quickly arrested the suspect, surnamed Wang, in the storehouse of a villager’s home.
呼气式酒精测试仪现场检测结果为28.4mg/100ml，王某属饮酒后驾驶机动车。	The online breathalyzer test produced a result of 28.4mg/100ml, proving that Wang was driving a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol.
警方对其作出罚款2000元、暂扣机动车驾驶证6个月及驾驶证一次记满12分的行政处罚。	The police fined the suspect 2,000 yuan, suspended his driver’s license for 6 months, and deducted 12 points from his license as an administrative penalty.
今年以来，黑龙江省公安交管部门持续整治酒驾醉驾违法犯罪行为，“喝酒不开车，开车不喝酒”成为社会共识。	Since the start of the year, the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Traffic Management Department has continued to take corrective actions against the illegal behavior of drunk driving, and “don’t drive if you’re drinking, don’t drink if you’re driving” has become the social consensus.
但仍有驾驶人心存侥幸，肆意酒驾醉驾，今年上半年各地公安交管部门共查处酒驾醉驾2.2万起，其中醉驾3744起。	But there are still drivers who believe they will get lucky and indulge in drunk driving, as in the first half of the year, Public Security Traffic Management Department investigated and prosecuted 22,000 cases of drunk driving, of which 3,744 were heavily intoxicated.
重庆武隆山体滑坡形成堰塞湖 当地紧急转移群众500余人-新华网	Wulong landslide in Chongqing forms barrier lake, triggering emergency relocation of more than 500 people - Xinhuanet
新华社重庆7月26日电（记者周文冲、柯高阳）记者26日从重庆市武隆区政府了解到，暴雨导致当地发生山体滑坡并形成堰塞湖，500余名群众紧急转移。	Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, reported July 26th (Correspondents: Zhou Wenchong, Ke Gaoyang) On the 26th, the reporters learned from the Wulong District Government of Chongqing City that landslides caused by heavy rains in the area formed barrier lakes, triggering the emergency relocation of more than 500 people.
受持续降雨影响，7月22日以来，武隆区土地乡六井村中台组中堡滑坡后缘土体开裂出现大面积滑移变形情况，滑坡体落入乌江支流沿沧河中。	In Zhongtai Cluster, Liujing Village, Didi Township, Wulong District, the continued rainfall since July 22nd caused soil at the rear edge of the Zhongbao landslide to crack, leading a large area to deform and slide into the Wujiang tributary along the Cang River.
25日，当地出现强降雨天气过程，滑坡进一步扩大，造成村道公路通行中断，并完全阻断沿沧河，形成坝前水位13米、库容水量约42万立方米的堰塞湖。	On the 25th, heavy rainfall in the area caused the landslide to expand, blocking the village road and completely obstructing the Cang River, forming a barrier lake with a water level of 13 meters behind the dam and a volume of an estimated 420,000 cubic meters.
据现场勘查监测，滑坡体积约130万立方米，目前仍处于不稳定状态，有零星落石，堰塞湖已出现溢坝情况，存在溃堤风险，对下游电站和场镇造成威胁。	Investigation and monitoring at the location show that the landslide’s volume was about 1.3 million cubic meters, and it remains unstable with occasional rockfalls; the barrier lake has overflowed the dam, and the danger of dike failure poses a risk to the village and power stations downstream.
险情发生后，当地政府连夜组织沿河居民撤离，紧急转移群众到安全地带。	Due to the danger, the local government evacuated residents along the river over the course of the night and moved people to safe areas.
目前，险区162户、520人已全部撤离，堰塞湖处置工作仍在进行中。	Currently, 162 households and 520 people have been evacuated, and handling of the barrier lake is ongoing.
路透社：阿里巴巴创始人马云被印度法院传唤	Reuters: Alibaba founder Jack Ma receives subpoena from Indian court
“环球网”引述该报导称，一名曾供职于阿里巴巴旗下UC 浏览器的印度雇员起诉称，他因对公司应用程序上的审查制度和虚假消息内容提出反对，结果遭到解雇。	globaltimes.com has stated that according to reports, an Indian former employee of Alibaba-owned UC Browser has sued, claiming he was fired over his objections to the app’s censorship system and false information content.
这名前员工还拿出了一些截图作为证据，称上面显示阿里巴巴旗下的UC News App发布了关于印度的假新闻，尤其是标题部分。	The former employee also produced screenshots as evidence, claiming these show the Alibaba-owned UC News App was publishing false news items about India, especially the headlines.
他还称一款名为UC Web的应用会审查包含有诸如中印边境、中印战争这种关键词的内容。	He also claimed an app called UC Web censored content that contained keywords such as “China-India border” and “China-India war”.
法庭文件显示，新德里卫星城古鲁格拉姆一家地方法院的民事法官已向阿里巴巴、马云，还有十多名个人或公司发出传票，要求他们在7月29日出庭或通过律师出庭。	Court documents show that a civil judge in at a local Gurugram court issued subpoenas to Alibaba, Jack Ma, and more than 10 other employees or companies demanding that they or their lawyers appear in court on July 29th.
此前在6月29日，印度电子资讯技术部以安全担忧为理由宣布禁止包括UC News、UC 浏览器、TikTok、微信、微博在内的59款中国应用。	Previously, on June 29th, India’s Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, claiming national security concerns, announced a ban on 59 Chinese apps including UC News, UC Browser, TikTok, WeChat, and Weibo.
人民日报评论员：集中力量办好自己的事 打造未来发展新优势 — — 论学习贯彻习近平总书记在企业家座谈会上重要讲话-新华网	Commentator of the People's Daily: Focus on Running Our Own Affairs and Create New Advantages for the Future Development -- On Learning and Implementing General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Entrepreneur Forum -- XinhuaNet
新华社北京7月25日电 人民日报7月26日评论员文章：集中力量办好自己的事 打造未来发展新优势	Beijing, July 25 (Xinhua) - People's Daily, July 26, Article of Commentator: Focus on Running Our Own Affairs and Create New Advantages for the Future Development
当前，全球疫情和世界经济形势仍然严峻复杂，我国发展面临的挑战前所未有。	At present, the global epidemic and the world economic situation are still serious and complex, and China faces unprecedented challenges in its development.
保持战略定力，增强必胜信心，集中力量办好自己的事，是我们应对各种风险挑战的关键。	Maintaining strategic determination, strengthening our confidence to succeed, and concentrating on our own affairs are the keys for us to cope with all kinds of risks and challenges.
在近日召开的企业家座谈会上，习近平总书记强调，在当前保护主义上升、世界经济低迷、全球市场萎缩的外部环境下，我们必须集中力量办好自己的事，充分发挥国内超大规模市场优势，逐步形成以国内大循环为主体、国内国际双循环相互促进的新发展格局，提升产业链供应链现代化水平，大力推动科技创新，加快关键核心技术攻关，打造未来发展新优势。	At the recent Entrepreneur Forum, General Secretary Xi Jinping stressed that in the face of an external environment characterized by rising protectionism, global economic downturn, and a shrinking international market, we need to pool resources and concentrate on managing the country's affairs well, and give full play to the advantage of a huge domestic market, so that a new pattern of development will gradually take shape, with domestic circulation playing a dominant role and domestic and international circulations reinforcing each other, and as such, efforts should be made to elevate the modernization level of the industrial and supply chains, promote sci-tech innovation, speed up breakthroughs in core technologies, and foster new advantages for future development.
察势者智，驭势者赢。	Those who observe the trends are wise, and those who follow the trends win.
在经济全球化深入发展的外部环境下，市场和资源“两头在外”对我国快速发展发挥了重要作用。	In the external environment of the in-depth development of the economic globalization, putting both ends of market and resources on the world market have played an important role in China's rapid development.
现在，疫情冲击下的世界正在经历深刻变化，面临更多不稳定不确定因素，经济全球化遭遇逆风和回头浪。	At present, the world under the impact of COVID-19 is undergoing profound changes, facing more unstable and uncertain factors, and economic globalization has encountered headwinds and undertows.
做好较长时间应对外部环境变化的思想准备和工作准备，推动我国经济乘风破浪、行稳致远，一个极为重要的方面就是，把扩大和满足国内需求作为发展的战略基点，充分发挥自身优势，通过繁荣国内经济、畅通国内大循环为我国经济发展增添动力，带动世界经济复苏。	One of the most important aspects of making ideological and working preparations to cope with the changes in the external environment for a long time and promoting China's economy to ride the wind and waves and achieve steady development is to take expanding and meeting domestic demand as the strategic basis for development, give full play to its own advantages, and add impetus to China's economic development and drive the global economic recovery by allowing the domestic economy to prosper and unblocking domestic circulation.
我们要深刻认识到，构建完整的内需体系，关系我国长远发展和长治久安。	We must be fully aware that building a complete system of domestic demand is vital to China's long-term development and stability.
党中央审时度势，明确提出坚定实施扩大内需战略，这是应对疫情冲击的需要，是保持我国经济长期持续健康发展的需要，也是满足人民日益增长的美好生活的需要。	The CPC Central Committee assessed the situation and made it clear that it was necessary to resolutely implement the strategy of expanding domestic demand in response to the impact of COVID-19, thereby maintaining the long-term, sustained, and healthy development of China's economy, and consistently meeting people's increasing demand for a better life.
大国经济的优势就是内部可循环。	The advantage of a large economy is internal circulation.
我国具有全球最完整、规模最大的工业体系、强大的生产能力、完善的配套能力，拥有1亿多市场主体和1.7亿多受过高等教育或拥有各类专业技能的人才，还有包括4亿多中等收入群体在内的14亿人口所形成的超大规模内需市场，正处于新型工业化、信息化、城镇化、农业现代化快速发展阶段，投资需求潜力巨大。	China has the world’s most complete and largest industrial system, strong production capacity, and complete supporting capabilities; it has more than 100 million market entities and more than 170 million talents with higher education or professional skills; besides, the huge domestic demand market formed by 1.4 billion people, including more than 400 million middle-income consumers, is in the fast development stage of new industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization, so the potential for investment demand is huge.
公有制为主体、多种所有制经济共同发展，按劳分配为主体、多种分配方式并存，社会主义市场经济体制等社会主义基本经济制度，既能激发各类市场主体活力、解放和发展社会生产力，又可促进效率和公平有机统一、不断实现共同富裕。	The basic economic systems, such as public ownership playing a leading role and all forms of ownership growing side by side, distribution according to labor as the main body with a variety of distribution methods coexisting, and the socialist market economy system can not only stimulate the vitality of all kinds of market entities and unleash and develop social productive forces, but also promote the organic integration of efficiency and equity, and constantly realize common prosperity.
我们要牢牢把握扩大内需这一战略基点，使生产、分配、流通各环节更多依托国内市场实现良性循环，明确供给侧结构性改革的战略方向，促进总供给和总需求在更高水平上实现动态平衡。	We should firmly grasp the strategic focus of expanding domestic demand, make production, distribution and circulation more dependent on the domestic market to achieve a virtuous circle, define the strategic direction of supply-side structural reform, and achieve dynamic balance between aggregate supply and aggregate demand at a higher level.
要加快构建完整的内需体系，大力推进科技创新及其他各方面创新，加快推进数字经济、智能制造、生命健康、新材料等战略性新兴产业，形成更多新的增长点、增长极，逐步形成以国内大循环为主体、国内国际双循环相互促进的新发展格局。	We should speed up the construction of a complete system of domestic demand, vigorously promote innovation in science, technology and other fields, and accelerate the development of strategic emerging industries such as the digital economy, intelligent manufacturing, life and health, and new materials to form more new areas and poles of growth, so that a new development pattern will gradually emerge whereby domestic circulation plays a dominant role and domestic and international circulations reinforce each other.
开放带来进步，封闭必然落后。	Opening up brings progress, while isolation is bound to leave one behind.
习近平总书记多次强调，中国开放的大门不会关闭，只会越开越大。	General Secretary Xi Jinping has stressed on many occasions that China will not close its door and will only open wider to the outside world.
以国内大循环为主体，绝不是关起门来封闭运行，而是通过发挥内需潜力，使国内市场和国际市场更好联通，更好利用国际国内两个市场、两种资源，实现更加强劲更可持续的发展。	With the domestic market as the mainstay, we are by no means operating behind closed doors; rather, we will leverage the potential of domestic demand to better connect the domestic and international markets, and make better use of both domestic and international markets and resources to achieve stronger and more sustainable development.
同时，扩大内需和扩大开放并不矛盾，国内循环越顺畅，越有利于构建开放新格局，越有利于形成参与国际合作和竞争新优势。	Meanwhile, expanding domestic demand and opening up are not in conflict with each other, because the smoother the domestic circulation, the more conducive it will be to building a new pattern of opening up and creating new advantages for participating in international cooperation and competition.
虽然现在国际上保护主义思潮上升，但我们要站在历史正确的一边，坚持深化改革、扩大开放，加强科技领域开放合作，推动建设开放型世界经济，推动构建人类命运共同体。	Despite the rising trend of protectionism in the world, we must stay on the right side of history, deepen reform and opening-up, strengthen openness and cooperation in science and technology, promote an open world economy, and build a community with a shared future for mankind.
中华民族历史上经历过很多磨难，但从来没有被压垮过，而是愈挫愈勇，不断在磨难中成长、从磨难中奋起。	The Chinese nation has experienced many tribulations in its history, but it has never been overwhelmed; instead, its frustrations only give it the courage to grow stronger and rise up from its troubles.
前进的道路上，有以习近平同志为核心的党中央的坚强领导，有中国特色社会主义制度的显著优势，有强大的动员能力和雄厚的综合实力，有全党全军全国各族人民的团结奋斗，我们一定能够战胜一切艰难险阻，保持我国经济社会良好发展势头，全面建成小康社会，顺利开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程！	On the way forward, China has the strong leadership of the Central Committee of the CPC, with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core, has the remarkable advantage of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, has powerful mobilization capabilities and powerful overall strength, and has the unity and struggle of the whole party, the whole army and the people of all ethnic groups, meaning we can surely overcome all difficulties and obstacles, maintain the momentum of good economic and social development, build a well-off society in an all-round way, and successfully embark on a new journey to fully build a modern socialist country!
余额宝收益下行“90后”反而“报复性”存钱？	Yu'E Bao's Revenue Declines, but the "Post-90s" Put Money into it in “Retaliation”?
随着余额宝收益下行， “90后”不仅没有逃离余额宝，反而开始“报复性”存钱了？	As Yu'E Bao's revenue declines, the "post-90s" generation has not given up using Yu'E Bao, but has instead begun to put money into it like crazy.
中国新经济研究院联合支付宝日前发布的《余额宝90后攒钱报告 》（2020版）显示，上半年，“90后”更爱攒钱了：人均攒钱金额比2019年增长近四成。	The "Yu'E Bao Savings Report of the Post-90s Generation" (2020 Edition) released by the China New Economic Research Institute with Alipay recently showed that in the first half of the year, the post-90s generation was more interested in saving money: the amount of savings per capita increased by nearly 40% over 2019.
有意思的是，“90后”更倾向于从一笔笔“小钱”开始攒，有六成平均每笔攒钱金额在20元以下… …	Interestingly, the post-90s generation is more likely to start saving money with small sums, with 60% of them saving less than RMB 20 every time on average...
用余额宝攒钱，也成为“90后”的攒钱习惯。	Putting money into Yu'E Bao has also become a habit of the post-90s generation.
数据显示，在7亿余额宝用户中，有1.34亿用户是“90后” 。	Statistics show that 134 million of the 700 million Yu'E Bao users were born in the 1990s.
中国有1.74亿“90后” ，也就是说，全国每4个“90后”中约有3个在用余额宝攒钱。	China has 174 million people born in the 1990s, which means that about three out of every four of the post-90s generation in the country are saving money with Yu'E Bao.
目前，余额宝等货币基金的7日年化收益率从年初高于2%的水平，下滑到1.5%左右。	At present, the 7-day annualized yield of Yu'E Bao and other monetary funds has fallen to about 1.5% from higher than 2% at the beginning of the year.
即使如此，也没有影响“90后”攒钱的步伐。	Even so, this has not affected the pace of the post-90s generation saving money.
而在余额宝“攒钱效应”提升背景下，不少习惯使用余额宝的年轻人还直接转化为“基民”。	In the context of the increased "saving effect" of Yu'E Bao, many young people who are accustomed to Yu'E Bao have directly become "fund holders".
支付宝数据显示，截至7月13日，近一个月支付宝上的新“基民”同比增长1倍多，越来越多年轻人在支付宝上实现“进阶”理财。	According to the data from Alipay, the number of new "fund holders" on Alipay has more than doubled in the past month as of July 13, with more and more young people achieving "advanced" financial management on Alipay.
有分析师认为，资金从余额宝流入股市，也是6月货币基金份额明确下滑的重要原因。	Some analysts believe that funds flowing into the stock market from Yu'E Bao is also an important reason for the clear decline in the share of monetary funds in June.
报告还显示，“90后”女生更倾向于多攒钱，平均比男生攒钱金额高两成；在支付宝平台上持有基金的用户中，6成是男性，女性与男性相比倾向于选择更为稳健的理财方式。	The report also shows that post-90s generation women are more likely to save more money than men, with the average amount of money saved by women being 20% higher than that of men, and among Alipay's fund holders, 60% are men, while women tend to choose more stable financial methods compared with men.
存钱之后，“90后”有何计划？	After saving their money, what are the plans of the post-90s generation?
支付宝数据显示，“90后”有为目标攒钱的习惯，将旅行作为攒钱目标的用户最多。	According to Alipay, the post-90s generation has a habit of saving money for goals, and travel is the most popular goal for saving money.
受疫情影响，许多“90后”攒钱为疫情后的旅行做准备；电影院恢复营业，也为从攒钱转向消费提供了新途径。	Affected by the COVID-19, many in the post-90s generation have saved money to prepare for their post-epidemic travel; the resumption of cinema business also offers a new way to shift from saving to spending.
让一面面鲜艳的党旗在抗洪大堤上高高飘扬	Let the bright Party flags fly high on the anti-flood embankments.
近期我国南方受连续降雨影响，防汛抗洪形势十分严峻，造成贵州、四川、湖南、广西、广东、湖北等26省(区、市)受灾。	Recently, due to continuous rainfall in southern China, the situation of flood prevention and flood fighting is severe, causing 26 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) including Guizhou, Sichuan, Hunan, Guangxi, Guangdong, and Hubei to suffer disasters.
灾情就是命令，灾区就是战场，灾害面前，党旗就是战旗，各级党组织、广大党员干部、人民子弟兵坚决落实习近平总书记关于防汛救灾工作重要指示精神，迅速投身防汛抗洪抢险救灾第一线，成为灾区群众的主心骨、抗洪战斗的生力军。	Disaster is the order, the disaster area is the battlefield, and in the face of disaster, the Party flag is the flag of war: Party organizations at all levels, members and cadres of the Party, and soldiers have resolutely implemented the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important instructions on flood prevention and disaster relief work, and quickly joined the front line of flood prevention, flood relief and disaster relief, becoming the backbone of the people in disaster areas and a new force in fighting against floods.
鲜艳的党旗在抗洪大堤上高高飘扬，是忠诚的体现，也是使命的召唤。	The bright Party flags flying high on the flood embankments is not only the embodiment of loyalty, but also the call of duty.
灾害面前，一个党组织就是一座战斗堡垒，一名党员干部就是一面旗帜。	In the face of disasters, a Party organization is a battle fortress, and members and cadres of the Party are banners.
在各地的抗洪一线，各级党组织、广大党员干部体现高度的对党忠诚，听从党中央号召，以“看我的”的行动、“跟我来”的步伐、“我先上”的勇气，筑起一座座冲不垮的钢铁堡垒，挺起一个个压不弯的中国脊梁。	At the front line of flood fighting, Party organizations at all levels and Party members and cadres showed a high degree of loyalty to the Party, obeyed the call of Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and took courageous actions to build unbreakable iron and steel fortresses and erect the backbone of China.
鲜艳的党旗在抗洪大堤上高高飘扬，是阵地的坚守，也是冲锋的号角。	The bright Party flags flying high on the flood embankments are not only the embodiment of loyalty, but also the bugle sounded to charge.
面对洪涝灾害，各级党组织迅速行动，吹响抗洪“冲锋号”，把鲜艳的党旗插在抗洪的大堤上，广大党员干部、人民子弟兵坚守在抗洪的阵地上，用“党旗在阵地就在”、“洪水不退永不收兵”的意志和行动，成为灾区群众最放心也最值得信赖的坚固屏障。	In the face of flood disasters, organizations of the Party at all levels acted swiftly and sounded the "bugle to charge" to fight floods and planted bright Party flags on the flood-fighting embankments; Party members, cadres, and soldiers standing firmly on the flood-fighting battlefield have become the most reassuring, trustworthy, and solid barrier for people in the disaster area.
鲜艳的党旗在抗洪大堤上高高飘扬，是无私的奉献，也是责任的担当。	The bright Party flags flying high on the flood embankments represent selfless dedication and responsibility.
危难时刻，彰显党员本色，在人民群众生命财产受到严重威胁的时刻，党员干部、人民子弟兵舍小家、顾大家，无私奉献，敢于担当，把打赢防汛抗洪抢险救灾这场硬仗，作为全面检验能力、作风、素养的主战场、阅兵场，正是这种无私奉献和担当的精神，极大的鼓舞着灾区群众战胜灾情的信心和决心，凝聚起打赢防汛抗洪抢险救灾的强大精神力量。	In times of crisis, it shows the true quality of the members of the Party; when the people’s lives and property were seriously threatened, members and cadres of the Party and soldiers selflessly dedicated their efforts and dared to take responsibility; they considered the winning of the hard battle of flood prevention, flood fighting, emergency rescue and disaster relief as their main battlefield and parade ground to comprehensively test their ability, work style, and quality; their spirit of selfless dedication and responsibility inspired the confidence and determination of the people in disaster areas to overcome difficulties, and brought together a powerful spiritual force to win the fight for flood control, flood fighting, and disaster relief.
“人民至上、生命至上”， 既在平时接受检验，更在关键时刻接受考验。	“Making people's life and safety the first priority” is not only tested in peacetime, but also tested at critical moments.
在抗洪大堤上，广大党员干部和人民子弟兵，要让人民群众随时随处都能看到鲜红的党旗、奋斗的身影、鼓励的声音，用洪水冲不垮的钢铁堤坝为党旗增辉添彩，让一面面鲜艳的党旗在抗洪大堤上高高飘扬！	On the anti-flood embankments, members and cadres of the Party and soldiers should let the people see the bright red Party flag, the figure of struggle, and the voice of encouragement everywhere and at all times, add luster to the Party flag with iron and steel dams that cannot be washed away by the floods, and make the bright Party flag fly high on the anti-flood embankments!
APEC成员贸易部长会议表示将加速推动区域经济复苏-新华网	APEC Ministers Responsible for Trade Meeting states it will work to speed up regional economic recovery - Xinhuanet
新华社吉隆坡7月25日电（记者林昊）亚太经合组织（APEC）成员贸易部长视频会议25日举行，会议承诺将致力于减少新冠疫情对本区域经济的影响，加速推动实现具有弹性、可持续性和包容性的区域经济复苏。	Xinhua News Agency, Kuala Lumpur, July 25th (Correspondent: Lin Hao) At the APEC Ministers Responsible for Trade Meeting, held over video on the 25th, the body promised to strive to lower the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the regional economy and speed up the realization of a flexible, sustainable, and inclusive regional economic recovery.
会议由今年APEC领导人非正式会议主办方马来西亚主持。	The meeting was organized by Malaysia, the host of this year’s informal APEC Ministerial Meeting.
会后发表的联合声明表示，APEC成员贸易部长认识到，在这一具有挑战性的时刻，一个自由、开放、公平、非歧视、透明和可预测的贸易和投资环境对于推动经济复苏的重要性。	In the joint statement issued after the meeting, the APEC ministers responsible for trade recognized the importance of a free, open, fair, non-discriminatory, transparent, and predictable trade and investment environment for economic recovery in this challenging time.
各方承诺，确保为应对疫情所采取的紧急措施是具有针对性、恰当、透明和临时的，不会制造不必要的贸易壁垒并扰乱全球供应链，同时遵守世界贸易组织规则。	All sides pledged to ensure that emergency measures implemented in response to the pandemic are targeted, appropriate, transparent, and temporary, will not create unnecessary trade barriers that disrupt global supply chains, and will comply with WTO rules.
APEC成员贸易部长在声明中承诺，加强合作促进必要的商品和服务流动，通过加强供应链弹性促进互联互通，将医疗物资、食品和农业产品流动所受到的干扰最小化，以应对疫情。	In the statement, the APEC ministers responsible for trade promised to improve cooperation to ensure the circulation of necessary goods and services, promote interconnection by improving supply chain flexibility, and minimize disruptions to the movement of medical materials, food products, and agricultural products to combat the pandemic.
APEC成员贸易部长一致认为，有必要讨论如何减少限制必要商品贸易的非关税壁垒，重申将致力于在不影响为阻止疫情蔓延所采取措施的情况下促进必要的跨境人员流动。	The APEC ministers responsible for trade were unanimous in their agreement that it is necessary to discuss how to minimize non-tariff barriers to the movement of necessary commodities, and restated their commitment to guaranteeing the necessary cross-border movement of people without affecting pandemic control measures.
会议还发布了有关促进必要商品流通的宣言。	The meeting also issued a statement regarding ensuring the movement of necessary commodities.
宣言表示，各经济体将确保其为应对疫情所采取的贸易措施符合世贸组织规定，并承诺在减少非关税贸易壁垒、贸易促进等方面采取行动，以促进疫情下必要的商品流动。	The statement makes clear that all economies will ensure that all trade measures taken in response to the pandemic comply with WTO rules, and includes promises to reduce non-tariff trade barriers and promote trade to ensure the movement of necessary commodities during the pandemic.
主持会议的马来西亚国际贸易和工业部部长阿兹明·阿里表示，尽管受到疫情影响，马来西亚依然致力于推动今年APEC会议取得成功，制定APEC2020年后合作愿景的工作正有序推进。	Presiding over the event was Malaysia’s Minister of International Trade and Industry, Mohamed Azmin Ali, who said that despite the impact of the pandemic, Malaysia will still strive to secure the success of this year’s APEC meeting so that the work of formulating a vision for cooperation after the APEC 2020 meeting proceeds in an orderly fashion.
马来西亚同意以视频形式举行APEC相关会议，但不排除在年底APEC领导人非正式会议时安排实体会议的可能性。	Malaysia agreed to host conferences related to this APEC meeting in a video format, but did not rule out the possibility of in-person meetings at the formal APEC Minister’s Meeting at the end of this year.
菲总统府新闻部累计13人检测呈阳性-中新网	13 Tested Positive at The Presidential Communications Operation Office (PCOO) of the Philippines-ChinaNews.com
(抗击新冠肺炎)菲总统府新闻部累计13人检测呈阳性	13 Tested Positive at The Presidential Communications Operation Office (PCOO) of the Philippines
中新网马尼拉7月26日电 (记者 关向东)菲律宾总统府新闻部(PCOO)25日发布通告，该部部长马丁·安达纳尔24日接受新冠肺炎检测的结果呈阴性。	Chinanews.com, Manila, July 26 (reported by Guan Xiangdong) The Presidential Communications Operation Office (PCOO) of the Philippines issued a notice on 25th, that Martin Andanar, Head of the PCOO, took a COVID-19 test on 24th and the result came back negative.
截至当天下午，PCOO累计有13名职员检测结果呈阳性，此前三位阳性者，一亡两仍在接受治疗。	As of that afternoon, a total of 13 PCOO staff members tested positive, and among the 3 who previously tested positive, one is deceased and two are still receiving treatment.
因与PCOO一名受感染的职员有接触，24日安达纳尔与49名PCOO职员进行了新冠肺炎检测。	Due to contact with one infected staff member, Andanar and 49 PCOO staff members were tested for COVID-19 on 24th.
25日公布的报告显示，其中10名职员的检测结果呈阳性。	The report published on 25th shows 10 staff members tested positive.
PCOO行政和法律事务副部长MarvinGatpayat表示，该部位于总统府的新行政办公楼，原定于27日杜特尔特总统发表第五份国情咨文当天恢复办公。	Marvin Gatpayat, PCOO Deputy Secretary of Executive and Legal Affairs, said the office is in the new office building at the Office of the President, and it was supposed to resume work on 27th, the day when President Duterte is to release his fifth State of the Union.
当天，马丁·安达纳尔向公众保证，PCOO继续履行对菲律宾人民的职责，确保及时向公众提供重要的信息，同时加强接触者追踪和检测，以避免新冠肺炎病毒在PCOO职员中进一步传播，他为检测呈阳性的职员迅速康复祈祷。	On that day, Martin Andanar assured the public that the PCOO would continue to fulfill its responsibilities to the people of the Philippines, make sure to provide important information to the public in a timely manner while enhancing contact tracing and testing to avoid further COVID-19 transmission among PCOO staff members, and he stated that he prays for speedy recovery of the members who tested positive.
菲律宾卫生部通告，当日该国新增确诊2019例，累计78412例，其中50763例仍在患病者，近90%为轻度，9%无症状，重症和危重病例不到1% 。	On the same day, the Department of Health of the Philippines announced an increase of 2019 new confirmed cases, to 78,412 cases in total, among which 50,763 are current infected cases, 90% of infected people have mild symptoms, 9% have no symptoms, while severe illness and critical illness cases account for less than 1%.
法国加大太空军事投入-新华网	France Increases Its Military Spending in Space -- Xinhua Net
法国国防部长弗洛朗丝·帕利24日说，法国将追加数亿欧元太空防务预算，发展太空军事力量，以防范其他国家可能在外太空进行的“不友好举动 ” 。	Florence Parly, Defense Minister of France, said on July 24 that France would invest further billions of euros into space defense to develop space military strength as a means to guard against other countries’ possible “unfriendly behavior” in the outer space.
帕利当天告诉《普罗旺斯报》，2019年至2025年期间，法国太空军事项目支出预算将从先前拟定的36亿欧元（约合42亿美元）增加至43亿欧元（50亿美元）。	Parly told La Provence that day that from 2019 to 2025, France’s budget for space military projects would increase to EUR 4.3 billion (USD 5 billion) from the previous EUR 3.6 billion (about USD 4.2 billion).
根据法国议会2018年批准的《2019年至2025年法国军事规划法案》，法国今后预计将更新现有的观测卫星和通信卫星，发射3颗电磁侦听卫星，提高太空监视雷达的现代化水平。	According to the France Military Budget Plan 2019-2025, approved in 2018 by the French Assembly, France is projected to update its existing observation satellites and communication satellites and launch three electromagnetic interception satellites to enhance the modernization level of its space monitoring radar.
法国总统埃马纽埃尔·马克龙去年7月宣布，法国空军内部将成立太空军事指挥部和“航空与太空部队”。	Emmanuel Macron, President of France, announced in July last year that the French air force would establish a space military command post and “aviation and space armies” within itself.
帕利说，她晚些时候到普罗旺斯地区萨隆视察一所军校时将正式宣布成立这支太空部队。	Parly said that she would officially announce the establishment of the space army while inspecting a military college in Saron, Provence.
帕利说，这支太空部队隶属于空军，2025年前编制达到500人。	Parly said that the space army fell under the air force and by 2025, its authorized strength would reach 500.
她说：“以前人们认为太空服务于科学的共同利益，这种想法一去不复返了。如今太空是各国争夺全球霸权的场所。”	She said “People previously perceived space as a place to serve for the common interests of science, but they don’t think that anymore. Space is a place where all major powers compete for global hegemony. ”
帕利重申马克龙之前的表态，称法方无意挑起军备竞赛。	Parly reiterated Macron’s previous announcement, saying that France was not interested in arms race.
“我们绝不是在进行军备竞赛。但我有责任彻底认清我们可能面临的威胁。”	“We are not starting an arms race at all. But I am responsible for thoroughly acknowledging the possible threats we face. ”
帕利重提2017年一颗法国和意大利共用的军事卫星遭监视一事。	Parly re-stated that the military satellite jointly used by France and Italy was spied on in 2017.
她称，“ 偷窥”的是一颗俄罗斯卫星。	She said that the “secret watcher” was a Russian satellite.
俄方否认这一说法。	Russia denied this.
帕利说，法国“很快”将拥有能够侦察和锁定“那些不友好举动背后黑手”的小型巡逻卫星。	Parly said that France would “soon” have small patrol satellites able to detect and identify the “bad actors behind unfriendly behavior”.
法国媒体认为，法国之所以寻求成立太空部队，缘于美国总统唐纳德·特朗普去年2月要求美国国防部起草成立太空军法案。	French media holds the view that France’s efforts to establish its space military was caused by Donald Trump’s requirement for U.S. Department of Defense to draft bills to build a space force in February of last year.
特朗普去年12月签署国防授权法案，批准设立美国第六大军种——太空军。	Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Bill in December last year, approving the establishment of the sixth armed services branch in the United States, the Space Force.
一些专家担心，美方这些举措加速了美国太空军事化步伐，可能引发新一轮太空军备竞赛。	Some experts feared that the measures taken by the United States would accelerate the militarization of its space endeavors, which might arouse a new arms race in space.
新华社呼和浩特7月26日电(记者贾立君)记者在黄河海勃湾水利枢纽管理局了解到，几天来海勃湾水利枢纽积极化解今年第2号洪水，截至26日下午，上游来水量与出库水量持平，各项监测数据正常，洪水正在平稳经过黄河内蒙古乌海段。	Hohhot, July 26 (Xinhua, Jia Lijun) This reporter learned from the Administration Bureau of the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Project that in recent days, the Haibowan Water Control Project has been actively resolving the second flood of this year: as of the afternoon of the July 26, upstream inflow was equal to outflow, monitoring data was normal, and the flood was steadily passing through Wuhai section of the Yellow River in Inner Mongolia.
为应对此次洪水过程，位于内蒙古自治区乌海市的黄河海勃湾水利枢纽7月23日0时起，逐步降低水库水位，出库流量按不超过每秒3000立方米控制下泄，至坝前水位降至1071米，腾出防洪库容。	In response to the flood, the Haibowan Water Control Project on the Yellow River in Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region gradually lowered the water level of the reservoir from 0:00 on July 23, with outflow controlled to be no more than 3,000 cubic meters per second, until the water level dropped to 1,071 meters, freeing up flood control capacity.
同时，启动排沙调度运用。	At the same time, sediment discharge was initiated.
几天来，黄河海勃湾水利枢纽管理局24小时密切关注水情、汛期发展变化，强化水库运行和大坝安全管理，加强对水库左右岸、重要部位特别是险工段巡查防护工作，确保安全度汛。	Over the past few days, the Administration Bureau of the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Project has paid close attention around the clock to the developments and changes of the water management regimen and the flood season, enhanced the management of reservoir operation and dam safety and enhanced the inspection and protection of left and right banks and important parts of the reservoir, especially the dangerous sections, to ensure the safety of the flood season.
截至7月26日17时，海勃湾水利枢纽入库流量每秒2760立方米，出库流量每秒2760立方米，坝前水位1071.5米。	As of 17:00 on July 26, the inflow of the Haibowan Water Control Project was 2,760 cubic meters per second, the outflow was 2,760 cubic meters per second, and the water level was 1,071.5 meters.
目前，泄洪闸坝段、土石坝段及尾水边坡等水工建筑物正常，各项监测数据在正常范围内波动，黄河今年第2号洪水正在平稳经过内蒙古乌海段。	At present, the sluice dam section, earth and rockfill dam section and tailrace slope, and other hydraulic structures are in a normal condition, and the monitoring data is fluctuating within the normal range; the second flood of the Yellow River this year is passing steadily through the Wuhai section of Inner Mongolia.
江西财政紧急下达2.8亿元资金 支持各地灾后救助重建-中新网	Jiangxi Province Allocates RMB280 Million Emergency Fund to Support Disaster Relief and Rebuilding-ChinaNews.com
7月24日，江西省九江市湖口县，驰援当地抗洪的中国人民解放军第71集团军某部官兵利用备勤间隙，帮助湖口县一蔬菜种植专业合作社抢收辣椒。	On July 24, soldiers from PLA 71st Group deployed in Hukou County, Jiujiang City to combat flooding helped a vegetable co-op harvest chili during a break in their duties.
受此前强降雨影响，该合作社种植的上百亩红辣椒受灾严重，如不及时采摘损失会更加扩大。	Affected by heavy rainfall, hundreds of mu of red chili grown by that co-op suffered severe damage, which would have been worse if harvesting wasn’t completed in time.
中新社记者 富田 摄	Photo by Fu Tian, CNS reporter
中新网南昌7月26日电(袁汝晶)江西省财政厅26日消息，根据江西省防汛抗旱指挥部的工作部署和要求，该省财政紧急下达中央和省级救灾资金2.8亿元，为防汛抢险和受灾群众救助工作提供资金保障。	Chinanews.com, Nanchang, July 26 (Yuan Rujing) According to the Finance Department of Jiangxi Province, from the 26th, the province is allocating 280 million central and provincial emergency relief funds under the instruction of the Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters in Jiangxi to provide funding to support flood control and emergency rescue efforts as well as relief efforts for people affected.
7月份以来，江西汛期、灾情不断升级。	Since July, flood season disasters have been escalating in Jiangxi.
洪涝灾害已导致该省农业农村直接经济损失100.7亿元、受灾面积1316.9万亩。	Floods have affected an area of 13.169 million mu, costing the province 10.07 billion yuan in direct economic losses in agriculture and rural areas.
7月17和7月22日，江西省财政先后下达中央救灾资金6000万元和2亿元。	On July 17 and 22, the Jiangxi Finance Department released 60 million and 200 million yuan of central disaster relief funding, respectively.
同时根据灾情变化情况，从该省应急管理专项资金中连续分3批下达省级救灾资金2030万元，支持各地灾后救助和恢复重建。	Meanwhile, the province allocated 203 million yuan of provincial disaster relief funding in 3 consecutive batches from dedicated emergency management funds to support post-disaster relief and rebuilding.
江西省财政厅相关负责人26日称，在汛期到来之前，已下达各类防灾减灾资金1.73亿元，确保风险防患早发现、早处置、早化解，为抗洪抢险工作提供经费支持。	Relevant personnel in charge at the Finance Department of Jiangxi Province stated that 173 million yuan for disaster prevention and relief was allocated before the flooding season to ensure early discovery, handling and resolution of potential risks and to provide funds for flood control and emergency rescue efforts.
目前，长江江西段和中国最大淡水湖鄱阳湖水位呈高位缓退状态。	Currently, the high water levels at the Jiangxi section of the Yangtze River and Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake in China, is slowly retreating.
江西省防指于24日18时，将防汛应急响应下调至Ⅱ级；将省级救灾应急响应级别由II级调整为III级。	At 18:00 on the 24th, Jiangxi Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters reduced the flood emergency response level down to Level II; the provincial disaster emergency response level was adjusted from Level II to Level III.
灾情评估和灾后恢复重建等各项工作将持续进行。	Disaster evaluation and post-disaster rebuilding will continue to be implemented.
中新网昆明7月25日电 (杜潇潇)记者25日从云南省财政厅获悉，近日，云南省财政加强资金筹措，先行下达云南省人民政府命名的20个“美丽县城”省级奖补资金共20亿元(人民币，下同)，每个“美丽县城”获得1亿元奖补资金支持。	Kunming, July 25 (China News, Du Xiaoxiao) - This reporter learned on July 25 that the Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance recently strengthened its fundraising and issued a total of RMB 2 billion beforehand as the provincial-level incentive fund for 20 "Beautiful Counties" was recognized by the People's Government of Yunnan Province, with each "Beautiful County" receiving a bonus of RMB 100 million.
2019年2月26日，云南省人民政府发布《关于“美丽县城”建设的指导意见》，明确云南将通过3年的努力在全省打造形成一批特色鲜明、功能完善、生态优美、宜居宜业的“美丽县城”。	On February 26, 2019, the People's Government of Yunnan Province issued the Instructions on the Construction of "Beautiful Counties, specifying that Yunnan would spend three years to create a number of "Beautiful Counties" across the province with characteristic features, developed functions, picturesque ecology, and a livable and workable environment.
目前，云南公布了腾冲市、香格里拉市、瑞丽市、巍山彝族回族自治县、西盟佤族自治县、屏边苗族自治县等20个“美丽县城”。	At present, Yunnan has announced 20 "Beautiful Counties", including Tengchong, Shangri-La, Ruili, Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County, Ximeng Va Autonomous County, and Pingbian Miao Autonomous County.
据悉，这笔省级奖补资金聚焦“美丽县城”建设“干净、宜居、特色”三大目标要求，重点用于公共性、公益性项目，支持加快补齐短板弱项，高标准高质量建设，切实把“美丽县城”作为民心工程、民生工程扎实推进。	It was learned that this provincial-level incentive fund will be awarded to “Beautiful Counties” that are supposed to be "clean, livable, and characteristic", and by focusing on public and common projects, this fund will be used to shore up weak spots faster and support high-standard and high-quality construction, so that "Beautiful County" projects can be soundly advanced as convincing and livelihood-advancing projects.
云南省财政厅将会同云南省发展改革委加强省级奖补资金监管，指导督促各地采取有力有效措施，加快预算执行，及时将资金转化为“美丽县城”建设成效，强化绩效运行监控，提高资金使用效率和效益。	The Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance will work with the Yunnan Development and Reform Commission to strengthen the supervision of provincial-level incentive funds, guide and urge all localities to take strong and effective measures, speed up the implementation of the budget, rapidly transform the funds into the effective achievement of "Beautiful County" construction, strengthen performance monitoring, and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of funding usage.
当地时间7月26日，爱沙尼亚国家广播电视台报道，在德国柏林动物园附近，一辆爱沙尼亚牌照的奔驰车在26日清晨驶离车道，造成七人受伤。	On July 26 (CET), Estonian Public Broadcasting (ERR) reported that near the Berlin Zoo in Germany, a Mercedes-Benz with an Estonian license drove out of the driveway in the early morning of the 26th, injuring seven people.
一架救援直升机抵达进行援救。	A rescue helicopter arrived to conduct rescue operations.
驶入人群的汽车司机被警方拘留。	The driver of the car who drove into the crowd was detained by the police.
德国当局说已经展开了调查，目前没有迹象表明该事件是出于政治或宗教动机。	German authorities said that an investigation had been launched and there was currently no indication that the incident was politically or religiously motivated.
此后不久，警方报告说，这位24岁的驾驶员在左转弯时失去了对车辆的控制，并且有可能超速。	Shortly afterwards, police reported that the 24-year-old driver had lost control of the vehicle while turning left and was at risk of speeding.
该人已被捕，并已提起刑事诉讼。	The person has been arrested and criminal proceedings have been filed.
爱沙尼亚警察和边防局的首席运营官亚历山大·林德表示，德国警察与爱沙尼亚警察和边防局已经联系。	The chief operating officer of the Police and Border Guard Board of Estonia, Alexander Linde, said that the German police have contacted the Police and Border Guard Board of Estonia.
林德说：“我证实新闻中的说法，即该事件没有理由怀疑是恐怖主义，或者是出于政治或宗教的动机。”	Linde said: "I confirm the statement in the news that there is no reason to suspect that the incident was a terrorist attack, or that it was motivated by politics or religion. "
陕西：破解搬迁后帮扶难题 避免群众“两头跑” - 中新网	Shaanxi: Providing assistance to relocated migrants to avoid the problem of “double hardship” for the masses - chinanews.com
陕西：破解搬迁后帮扶难题 避免群众“两头跑”	Shaanxi: Providing assistance to relocated migrants to avoid the problem of “double hardship” for the masses
央视网消息：针对移民搬迁群众在融入当地生活中遇到的后续难题，陕西安康岚皋县根据当地实际创新建设“睦邻之家”，引导搬迁村民向市民转变，实现稳得住、快融入、能致富。	cctv.com report: To address the problems faced by relocated migrants in integrating into local life, Langao County in Ankang, Shaanxi has started an innovative program of building “Good Neighbor Homes” based on actual local conditions to guide relocated villagers in their transition to urban residents, helping them to achieve stable residence, rapid integration, and economic prosperity.
岚皋县位于秦巴山区，当地近三分之一人口通过移民搬迁走出了大山。	In Langao County, which is located in the Qinba Mountain region, nearly a third of the population has been relocated away from the mountain.
今年39岁的柴长江从岚皋县堰门镇中武村搬迁到了民主镇明珠社区。	Chai Changjiang, 39, was relocated from Zhongwu Village, Yanmen Town, Langao County to Mingzhu Community, Minzhu Town.
他带着养老保险卡来到社区所在的“睦邻之家 ”，不到两分钟就办完了今年的养老保险。	When he took his old age pension card to the “Good Neighbor Home” in the community where he resides, he was able to complete this year’s pension registration in under two minutes.
今年初，岚皋县通过建设“睦邻之家”将就业、民政、医保等业务全部纳入管理，搬迁群众在家门口就可以办理业务。	At the start of this year, through building “Good Neighbor Homes, Langao County brought its employment, civil affairs, medical insurance, and other services under the program’s management, allowing relocated citizens to access these services just outside their front doors.
在明珠社区，305名居民通过“睦邻之家”招工信息进入了当地社区工厂工作。	In Mingzhu Community, 305 residents found jobs at the local community factory through the “Good Neighor Home” labor recruitment program.
目前，岚皋县31个百户以上集中安置点已实现社区工厂全覆盖，可提供就业岗位2598个。	Currently, the program has achieved coverage of community factories 31 centralized resettlement sites of over 100 households from Lingao County, providing employment for 2,598 people.
报告称共享住宿市场自3月开始回暖-中新网	Report states shared accommodation market has started to recover since March chinanews.com
本报讯（记者杨召奎）国家信息中心分享经济研究中心日前发布的《中国共享住宿发展报告2020》（以下简称《报告》）显示，受疫情冲击，2020年前5个月，我国共享住宿市场交易额同比下降72.1%。	This news agency has reported (correspondent Yang Zhoukui) that, according to the “State of Shared Accommodation in China Report 2020” (abbreviated as “Report”) released by the State Information Center of China Sharing Economy Research Institute, thanks to the impact of the epidemic, the in the first 5 months of 2020, the number of transactions in China’s shared accommodation market declined by 72.1% year-on-year.
不过，共享住宿市场自3月开始回暖，市场交易额、订单量和接待人数逐渐恢复。	However, the shared accommodation market has started to recover since March, with the number of transactions, order volume, and number of guest stays gradually increasing.
《报告》显示，共享住宿市场交易额大幅下降，一方面是由于疫情防控下出行住宿需求大幅下降，订单量急剧减少，前5个月订单总量同比下降65%，接待人次同比下降63%；另一方面，需求的疲软也导致间夜价格出现了较为明显的下降，前5个月平均间夜价格同比下降16%。	The Report states that the sharp reduction in shared accommodation market transactions is caused, in part, by the sharp reduction in demand for travel accommodations due to epidemic control measures, which has drastically reduced order volume over the past 5 months; order volume is down by 65% year-on-year and guest stays are down by 65% year-on-year; meanwhile, it is also caused in part by a notable drop in per-night room prices due to decreased demand, which have declined an average of 16% year-on-year over the past 5 months.
不过，3月、4月、5月市场交易额环比分别增长78%、199%、35%；订单数环比分别增长141%、152%、50%；接待人次环比分别增长81%、112%、28%。	However, in March, April, and May, the number of market transactions increased by 78%, 199%, and 35%, respectively; order volume increased by 141%, 152%, and 50%, respectively; and the number of guest stays increased by 81%, 112%, and 28%, respectively.
《报告》指出，共享住宿行业发展长期看好，但近期仍然存在诸多不确定性。	The Report points out that the shared accommodation market is promising in the long-term, but faces many uncertainties in the near term.
对此，国家信息中心分享经济研究中心副主任于凤霞对《工人日报》记者表示，共享住宿发展需要更有力的政策扶植，一方面需要做好前期已出台政策的落地实施，进一步加强政策宣贯，注重营造更好的营商环境；另一面还需要进一步从刺激消费需求、丰富旅游住宿服务供给、创新服务方式以及加强政府与平台企业合作等多个方面，进一步加大政策引导和扶持力度。	In response, Yu Fengxia, assistant director of the State Information Center of China Sharing Economy Research Institute, told a Workers’ Daily reporter that the shared accommodation market requires better policy support: on one hand, better implementation of previously issued policies and improved policy announcement channels to create a better business environment; as well as increased policy guidance and support through further stimulation of consumer demand, improved supply of tourism and accommodation services, innovative service models, improved government-to-platform/enterprise cooperation, and in many other aspects.
据路透社报道，全球最大钢铁生厂商安赛乐米塔尔位于墨西哥拉萨罗卡德纳斯市的一家工厂出现新冠疫情，截至目前已有21人死亡。	According to Reuters, COVID-19 cases were found in a factory located in Lázaro Cárdenas, Mexico, at of the world's largest steel producer, ArcelorMittal, and so far, 21 people have died.
据报道，墨西哥采矿和冶金工人工会地方分会秘书长索洛里奥说，死者包括工厂的雇员、承包商和供应商。	According to reports, Solorio, Secretary General of the local branch of the Mexican Mining and Metallurgical Workers Union, said the dead included employees, contractors, and suppliers of the factory.
索洛里奥说，自4月以来，该工厂已经有21人死亡，其中有9名是工会会员。	Solorio said 21 people have died at the factory since April, 9 of which were members of the union.
由于工厂采取了严格的卫生措施，工人有可能在工厂外感染了该病毒。	Due to the strict sanitation measures adopted by the factory, the workers may have been infected the virus outside the factory.
据工会称，该工厂拥有7000多名员工。	According to the union, there are more than 7,000 employees in the factory.
截至7月25日，墨西哥累计确诊病例超过38.5万例，死亡人数逾4万人，墨西哥是全球新冠死亡病例数第四高的国家。	As of July 25, there were more than 385,000 confirmed cases and more than 40,000 deaths in Mexico, making Mexico the country with the fourth highest number of new deaths in the world.
中新网厦门7月26日电 (杨伏山 张舒姗 许靖熠)中国著名血管外科中心——海军军医大学上海长海医院血管外科，25日在此间与厦门大学附属中山医院血管外科签约，携手设立协作中心，推进双方在血管外科专业，尤其是主动脉急重症领域的交流合作。	XIAMEN, July 26 (Ecns.cn, by Yang Fushan, Zhang Shushan, Xu Jingyi) Vascular Surgery Department in Changhai Hospital in Shanghai affiliated to the Second Military Medical University, as a famous vascular surgery center in China, signed a contract with the Vascular Surgery Department of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University on July 25 to set up a cooperation center, which will promote exchanges and cooperation in the field of vascular surgery, especially in aortic emergencies and severe cases.
厦大附属中山医院称，两家医院的血管外科正式结成协作单位之后，将开展远程会诊，与长海医院实时线上会诊制定治疗方案，选送人才进修培养，每周联合开展手术技术交流、教学查房等；对于复杂病例，则可以根据患者需要邀请长海专家来院施行手术，从而实现闽西南患者不出省就可以享受到国内顶尖的医疗资源。	Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University said that after the vascular surgery department of the two hospitals formally establish the collaborative relationship, they will carry out remote consultation to work out real-time treatment plans with Changhai Hospital, staff will be sent for training and participating in weekly surgical technology exchanges and teaching visits organized by two hospitals; for complex cases, Changhai experts can be invited to perform surgery at the hospital according to patients' needs, allowing patients in southwest Fujian to enjoy the top medical resources in China without leaving the province.
两家医院还将携手开展手术创新科研工作，主动脉疾病科普和早期筛查工作等等。	The two hospitals will also work together to carry out innovative scientific research on surgery, popularization of aortic disease, early screening, and so on.
由北京健康促进会主办、厦门大学附属中山医院承办的主动脉专场研讨会当天在厦门举办。	A special seminar on the aorta, organized by the Beijing Health Promotion Association and hosted by the Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was held in Xiamen on the same day.
上述沪厦两家知名医院在会上同期举办血管外科协作中心签约仪式，宣布结成协作单位，共同提高闽西南地区的血管外科相关疾病治疗水平。	The two famous hospitals in Shanghai and Xiamen held a signing ceremony for the cooperation center for vascular surgery at the same time, announcing the formation of the collaborative partnership to jointly improve the treatment of vascular surgery-related diseases in southwest Fujian.
上海长海医院血管外科是全军唯一的血管外科研究所和上海市唯一的血管系统疾病临床医学中心，也是第一个血管外科国家重点学科，牵头成立中国医师协会腔内血管学专业委员会，是业内积淀深厚的顶尖团队。	The Vascular Surgery Department in Changhai Hospital of Shanghai is the only vascular surgery institute in the army and the only clinical medical center for vascular diseases in Shanghai, so as the first national key institute in the discipline of vascular surgery, the hospital has taken the lead in setting up the Chinese Medical Doctor Association's Specialist Committee on Endovascology, which is a leading and experienced team in this field.
厦门大学附属中山医院血管外科主任黄小进教授接受媒体采访。	Professor Huang Xiaojin, Director of the Vascular Surgery Department in Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was interviewed by the media.
厦大附属中山医院血管外科是福建省第一个独立学科设置的血管外科，长期致力于主动脉及外周血管疾病的诊治，2018年获批建设省级临床重点专科。	The Vascular Surgery Department in Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is the first vascular surgery department set up as an independent discipline in Fujian Province; it has long been dedicated to the diagnosis and treatment of aortic and peripheral vascular diseases, and was approved as a provincial clinical key specialty in 2018.
在主动脉疾病治疗方面，除了对于夹层动脉瘤及主动脉瘤治疗外，在急诊破裂主动脉瘤方面经验丰富。	In the treatment of aortic diseases, the hospital has vast experience in not only treating dissecting aneurysms and aortic aneurysms, but also the rupture of aortic aneurysms.
“厦门大学附属中山医院血管外科从发展的历史，手术开展的广度、难度、复杂性等多方面，在本地区是非常出类拔萃的，因此此次我们成立协作中心，除了主动脉方面，还可以在下肢动脉、颈动脉等疾病诊治上开展医学、教学和科研全方位的深度合作。”	"Viewed from the diversity, difficulty, complication and other aspects of surgery, the vascular surgery department of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is outstanding in the region where it is located, which is why this cooperation center has been created to carry out all-round and in-depth cooperation in medicine, teaching and research in the diagnosis and treatment of lower extremity arteries, carotid arteries and other diseases not limited to the aorta, ”
上海长海医院血管外科副主任冯睿教授说。	said Professor Feng Rui, Deputy Director of Vascular Surgery Department at Changhai Hospital.
厦门大学附属中山医院与上海长海医院2018年曾签约成立消化内科“李兆申名医工作室”。	In 2018, the Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University and Changhai Hospital signed a contract to establish the "Li Zhaoshen Famous Doctor Studio" in the Gastroenterology Department.
该院血管外科主任黄小进教授在接受中新网记者采访时说，该院血管外科也与长海医院交流渊源已久此次两家医院正式结成协作单位，使双方合作交流再上新台阶。	Professor Huang Xiaojin, Director of Vascular Surgery Department, said in an interview with Ecns.cn that the hospital's vascular surgery department already has a long-term relationship with Changhai Hospital, and the formal collaborative relationship between the two hospitals can bring their cooperation and exchange to a deeper level.
他说，该院将定期邀请上海专家来厦开展手术技术交流、教学查房、疑难病例讨论等，同时进一步开展远程会诊，目前计划每周一次远程会诊；此外，科室还将选送人员进修交流，加强学科人才队伍的培养和发展。	He said that the hospital would regularly invite Shanghai experts to Xiamen to carry out surgical exchanges, teaching ward rounds, and discussions on difficult cases, weekly remote consultations are planned, and the department will also send staff for further training and exchanges to strengthen team cultivation and development.
记者在会上了解到，血管病是中国第一大死亡原因，主动脉作为人体各个器官的主干道，从心脏流向全身，担负着重要作用。	The reporter learned at the seminar that vascular disease is the number one cause of death in China, and the aorta plays an important role as the main artery for all organs and the heart.
主动脉疾病的发生常常伴随着高风险，高死亡率及治疗的高难度，主动脉最粗的一段直径达4cm，一旦形成血管瘤，出现破裂情况，或是血管内膜破裂产生夹层，将引发大出血，十分危险。	Aortic disease is often associated with high risks, high mortality, and complicated treatment; the thickest section of the aorta is 4cm in diameter, and once an aneurysm appears, followed by a rupture or intima rupture and dissecting aneurysm, it can lead to hemorrhage, which is very dangerous.
近些年来，随着人们生活方式的改变，生活节奏加快，中国成为高血压世界第一大国，主动脉疾病也随之增多，如今，伴随手术技术及工业材料的发展，对于主动脉疾病的治疗朝着微创、快速、高效的方向持续发展。	In recent years, as people's lifestyles change and the pace of life speeds up, China has become the leading country around the world for hypertension, and aortic disease cases has increased, so along with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic disease continues to be minimally invasive, rapid, and efficient.
医生可以通过从大腿穿刺，在主动脉置入支架来为血流恰当“变道”，从而避免对动脉瘤或破裂夹层的冲击，达到良好的治疗效果，有些手术甚至只需进行局部麻醉。	Doctors can "reroute" the blood flow by puncturing the thigh and placing a stent in the aorta to avoid impact on the aneurysm or ruptured dissection and to achieve good results, and some cases can even be done with local anesthesia.
本次学术研讨会邀请十余名国内专家到场讨论主动脉疾病治疗新进展，以会议沙龙形式开展前沿技术培训和疑难病例讨论。	More than ten domestic experts were invited to the seminar to discuss new advances in the treatment of aortic disease, with cutting-edge technology training and discussion of difficult cases in the form of salons.
记者在会上了解到，随着手术技术及工业材料的发展，目前对于主动脉疾病的治疗朝着微创、快速、高效的方向持续发展。	This reporter learned at the seminar that along with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic disease continues to be minimally invasive, rapid, and efficient.
国家防总继续维持长江、淮河防汛Ⅱ级响应-新华网	Ministry of Emergency Management maintains L2 flood control measures for Yangtze and Huaihe Rivers - Xinhuanet
四川盆地至长江中下游将有强降雨	Heavy rainfall is expected from the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower Yangtze River regions
国家防总继续维持长江、淮河防汛Ⅱ级响应	Ministry of Emergency Management maintains L2 flood control measures for Yangtze and Huaihe Rivers
记者25日从应急管理部获悉：预计至27日，四川盆地至长江中下游地区将有强降雨，需持续关注对长江、淮河汛情的影响，长江、淮河流域部分地区堤防长时间高水位浸泡，发生滑坡、塌陷、管涌等险情风险高。	This reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 25th that heavy rains are predicted until the 27th for areas from the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower Yangtze River regions, so continued attention must be paid to their affect on Yangtze River and Huaihe River flood conditions, because both rivers pose a high risk of hazards such as landslides, collapses, and piping.
国家防总经会商研判，决定继续维持长江、淮河防汛Ⅱ级响应。	In response, the Ministry of Emergency Management has decided to maintain its L2 flood control measures for the Yangtze and Huaihe Rivers.
25日水利部会商强调，长江中下游干流维持高水位，淮河干流洪峰通过安徽蚌埠河段，太湖水位已持续超警28天、超保9天，当前防汛形势仍然严峻，防汛工作不能有丝毫放松，要继续扎实做好各项防御工作。	On the 25th, the Ministry of Water Resources pointed out that water levels remain high along the middle and lower Yangtze River, the Huaihe River’s flood peaks pass through the Bengbu section of Anhui, and on Lake Tai, the water level has been over warning levels for 28 days and over protection levels for 9 days, meaning that there is an extremely high risk of flooding, flood control work cannot be relaxed, and every aspect of flood defense must be done well.
同时做好西南、华北地区强降雨防范。	Prevention work must also be carried out in the Southwest and North China regions where heavy rains are expected.
水利部维持水旱灾害防御Ⅱ级应急响应。	The Ministry of Water Resources has decided to maintain the L2 emergency flood and drought prevention measures.
应江西省防办请求，国家防办、应急管理部紧急调派山东、江苏、浙江省消防救援总队及福建龙岩侨龙应急装备股份有限公司的20套大流量专业排涝车，帮助解决江西因强降雨导致的城市内涝、农田渍泡等严重灾情。	At the request of the Jiangxi province and national flood and drought prevention and control departments and the Ministry of Emergency Management, 20 high-volume flood drainage vehicles were dispatched by firefighting and rescue corps in Shandong, Jiangsu, and Zhejiang and the Fujian Longyan Qiaolong Emergency Equipment Company to help alleviate serious disasters in Jiangxi such as urban waterlogging and farmland flooding that result from such heavy rains.
25日，所有设备均已运抵江西抗洪抢险一线。	On the 25th, all such heavy equipment arrived at the front lines of flood control and relief operations in Jiangxi.
按照当地政府统一调度，应急管理部消防救援局江西抗洪抢险前方指挥部立即安排江西消防救援总队以及周边省份增援力量成立20个排涝专业分队，在江西南昌、九江、上饶开展排涝抢险任务。	As stipulated by the unified directive from local governments, the Ministry of Emergency Management Firefighting and Rescue Bureau Jiangxi Flooding Relief Front Line Command immediately ordered the Jiangxi Firefighting and Rescue Corps and assistance teams from neighboring provinces to establish 20 flood drainage teams for emergency flood drainage tasks in Nanchang, Jiujiang, and Shangrao in Jiangxi.
同时，国家防办、应急管理部还紧急调用中央储备防汛物资拖车式抽水泵站100台套，支持江西省抗洪抢险排涝工作。	At the same time, the National Flood and Drought Prevention and Control Department and Ministry of Emergency Management made an emergency deployment from national reserves of 100 trailer pumps for flood control to support the flood relief and drainage work in Jiangxi.
安徽省防汛抗旱指挥部宣布自7月25日12时起，安徽长江、淮河、巢湖流域相关地区进入紧急防汛期。	At noon on July 25th, the Anhui Province Flood and Drought Prevention and Control Headquarters announced that emergency flooding measures would be in force for the relevant areas of the Yangtze River, Huaihe River, and Chaohu Basin in Anhui.
合肥市减灾委决定，于7月25日10时将合肥市救灾应急响应提升至Ⅱ级。	At 10:00 on July 25th, the Hefei City Disaster Prevention Committee announced that Hefei’s emergency disaster response would be increased to L2.
7月25日，四川省防汛抗旱指挥部发布今年入汛后首个山洪灾害黄色预警。	On July 25th, the Sichuan Province Flood and Drought Prevention and Control Headquarters issued the first yellow level flash flood warning of this year’s flooding season.
预警指出，7月25日20时至26日20时，达州市大竹县，广安市邻水县，凉山彝族自治州美姑县、雷波县、冕宁县、越西县、喜德县、昭觉县、金阳县发生山洪灾害可能性较大。	The warning states that there is a high risk of mountain torrents in Dazhou City’s Dazhu County, Guang’an City’s Linshui County, and Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture’s Meigu County, Leibo County, Mianning County, Yuexi County, Xide County, Zhaojue County, and Jinshan County between 20: 00 on July 25th and 20: 00 on the 26th.
另有达州市开江县、达川区等多个地区可能发生山洪灾害。	There is also a high risk of flash floods in Kaijiang County, Dachuan District, and other areas of Dazhou City.
江苏省水利厅7月25日15时30分变更发布长江南京段洪水预警，由红色预警降至橙色预警；10时30分升级淮河江苏段洪水橙色预警。	At 15:30 on July 25th, the Jiangsu Province Department of Water Resources issued an updated flood warning for the Nanjing section of the Yangtze River, downgrading from a red-level warning to an orange-level warning; at 10:30, the Jiangsu section of the Huaihe River was upgraded to an orange warning.
当前江苏仍有29条河（湖），共计44站水位超警超保。	Jiangsu currently still has 29 rivers (lakes) on which a total of 44 water stations report water levels above warning and protection levels.
近期，我国长江、淮河流域遭受洪涝灾害，部分受灾群众转移到防汛安置点临时居住。	Recently, the Yangtze River and Huaihe River basins in China have experienced flooding, and a portion of the affected population has been moved to temporary resettlement sites.
安置点人员集中，临时用火、用电增多，火灾风险加大。	Residential density at such resettlement sites is high, and the temporary increase in fire and electricity usage in turn increases fire hazards.
应急管理部消防救援局7月25日发布防汛安置点消防安全提示，呼吁管理单位落实消防安全主体责任，群众加强安全防范，共同营造良好的消防安全环境。	On July 25th, the Ministry of Emergency Management Firefighting and Rescue Bureau issued fire safety procedures for flood control resettlement sites, and also called on fire safety departments to take on the task of fire prevention, called on the public to strengthen their awareness of fire control, and called on all parties to work together to create a good environment for fire prevention.
（综合本报记者丁怡婷、王浩、倪弋、姚雪青、游仪、王永战、赵贝佳报道）	(Overall reporting from Xinhua journalists Ding Yiting, Wang Hao, Ni Yi, Yao Xueqing, You Yi, Wang Yongzhan, and Zhao Beijia)
7月24日上线爱奇艺《征途》也踏上网播的征途-新华网	The Program Journey Is to Be Broadcast on July 24, 2020 on iQIYI - Xinhua Net
由陈德森执导，郑保瑞监制，刘宪华、何润东、林辰涵、蒋璐霞等主演的动作冒险电影《征途》，将于7月24日上线爱奇艺。	Directed by Chen Desen and produced by Zheng Baorui, the action adventurous movie Journey starring Liu Xianhua, He Rundong, Lin Chenhan, Jiang Luxia, and more will be broadcast on iQIYI on July 24.
这也是继《囧妈》之后第二部选择网播的大制作电影。	It is the second big-budget movie to be debuted online following Lost in Russia.
《征途》改编自同名网络游戏，讲述了清源村少年东一龙与楚家军武士楚魂，为参加南赵国兵马大元帅选拔而踏上征途，途中遇上金刚小妹，三人结伴一起完成自己的使命。	Journey is adapted from an online game of the same name, and tells the story of the young man Dong Yilong in Qingyuan Village and the warrior Chu Hun in the Chu Army who depart for the selection of the South Zhao Kingdom’s marshal; during their journey, they met the Iron Girl and finish their missions together.
今年是游戏“征途”IP15周年，同名电影的推出无疑也是对经典游戏的致敬。	This year marks the 15th anniversary of the “Journey” game IP, and the movie that bears its name is undoubtedly a salute to this classic games.
在宣布定档的同时，电影《征途》发布了“国战”版定档海报以及“活下去”先导预告片。	Alongside the announcement of the premiere date, Journey issued its “National War” poster and “Continue to Live” trailer.
精良的画质呈现出征途世界宏大的国战图景，刻画了东一龙和楚魂两位主角深刻的兄弟情。	The high-quality film presents the grand image of the war between nations in the world of “Journey”, and deeply explores the friendship between the two heroes Dong Yilong and Chu Hun.
《征途》选择架空时代来搭建故事背景。	The context of Journey is ahistorical.
在虚构的中原大陆，十国之中，南赵国与北燕国比邻而居。	In this fabricated central China, among the ten kingdoms, the South Zhao Kingdom is adjacent to North Yan Kingdom.
为了防御日益强大的北燕，南赵举办比武大会，选拔将才。	To defend against the increasingly stronger North Yan Kingdom, the South Zhao Kingdom organized a military skills competition to select marshals.
消息传到偏僻的清源村，村民东一龙想成为家族的举旗人，代表清源村家族出赛，村民们却质疑他的资格，经过一番努力，一龙终于与武士楚魂踏上了征途。	After the news reaches the remote Qingyuan Village, villager Dong Yilong desired to earn the position for his family and participate in the competition on behalf of Qingyuan Village, but the villagers doubt his qualifications, yet after relentless effort, Yilong finally leaves with the warrior Chu Hun.
影片总投资近3亿元，全片特效镜头占比高达80% 。	The total budget was about RMB 300 million, and the film’s special effects shots account for 80% of screen time.
可以想见，特效成为《征途》最大的看点之一。	This shows that the special effects will be one of the most attentive parts of Journey.
而后期特效制作团队也相当有来头，由打造《流浪地球》的特效团队MORE VFX负责，用具有想象力的视觉艺术以及顶尖技术来还原“征途”世界。	The post-production special effects team MORE VFX is also very competitive, and was responsible for the special effects of The Wandering Earth; now it has created the world of “Journey” through its imaginative visual arts and leading technology.
其中一些经典游戏场景，凤凰城、清源村、兽王谷也会出现在电影里，游戏玩家们到时应会掀起一波怀旧情怀。	Some classical game venues, like Phoenix City, Qingyuan Village, and King Beast Valley will also appear in the film, which might arouse the nostalgia of gamers.
除了特效团队，幕后制作也是一帮在业内颇有成就的人物。	Beyond that, the post-production staff are also notable in the field and have impressive resumes.
导演陈德森执导过《十月围城》《紫雨风暴》， 监制郑保瑞曾拍摄《杀破狼2》《西游记之孙悟空三打白骨精》等，动作场面由金像奖和金马奖最佳动作指导董玮负责，美术指导麦国强也是两届金像奖最佳美指获得者。	Director Chen Desen previously directed TV series including The Stand-in and Purple Storm, producer Zheng Baorui previously produced Kill Zone 2 and The Monkey King 2, action scenes were created by Dong Wei, Best Action Director winner at the Hong Kong Film Awards and Golden Horse Awards, and the art director Mai Guoqiang has also twice won Best Art Director at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
记者聂青	Journalist: Nie Qing
国家卫健委：7月25日新增确诊病例46例，新疆22例辽宁13例 - 经济观察网	National Health Commission: 46 New Confirmed Cases on July 25, including 22 in Xinjiang and 13 in Liaoning - www.eeo.com.cn
据国家卫生健康委员会消息，7月25日0—24时，31个省（自治区、直辖市）和新疆生产建设兵团报告新增确诊病例46例，其中境外输入病例11例（内蒙古5例，广东3例，天津1例，福建1例，山东1例），本土病例35例（新疆22例，辽宁13例 ）；无新增死亡病例；新增疑似病例2例，均为境外输入病例（内蒙古1例，上海1例 ） 。	According to the National Health Commission, from 0:00 to 24:00 on July 25, 46 new confirmed cases were reported in 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government) and from the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, including 11 imported cases (5 in Inner Mongolia, 3 in Guangdong, 1 in Tianjin, 1 in Fujian, and 1 in Shandong) and 35 local cases (22 in Xinjiang and 13 in Liaoning); there were no new deaths; and there were 2 new suspected cases, all of which were imported from abroad (1 case in Inner Mongolia and 1 case in Shanghai).
当日新增治愈出院病例19例，解除医学观察的密切接触者673人，重症病例较前一日增加7例。	On the same day, 19 new cases were treated and discharged, 673 close contacts were released from medical observation, and 7 more severe cases were reported than the previous day.
境外输入现有确诊病例82例（其中重症病例2例），现有疑似病例3例。	Currently, 82 confirmed cases (including 2 severe cases) and 3 suspected cases were imported from abroad.
累计确诊病例2045例，累计治愈出院病例1963例，无死亡病例。	A total of 2,045 cases were confirmed, a total of 1,963 cases were treated and discharged, and no deaths were found.
截至7月25日24时，据31个省（自治区、直辖市）和新疆生产建设兵团报告，现有确诊病例288例（其中重症病例18例），累计治愈出院病例78908例，累计死亡病例4634例，累计报告确诊病例83830例，现有疑似病例3例。	As of 24:00 on July 25, according to reports from 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, there were 288 confirmed cases (including 18 severe cases), there were a total of 78,908 cured and discharged cases, a total of 4634 deaths, a total of 83,830 confirmed cases and 3 suspected cases.
累计追踪到密切接触者779000人，尚在医学观察的密切接触者11762人。	A total of 779,000 close contacts were tracked, and 11,762 close contacts remained under medical observation.
31个省（自治区、直辖市）和新疆生产建设兵团报告新增无症状感染者68例（境外输入8例）；当日转为确诊病例17例（无境外输入） ；当日解除医学观察10例（境外输入7例）；尚在医学观察无症状感染者292例（境外输入91例 ）。	31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 68 new cases of asymptomatic infection (8 cases were imported from abroad); 17 cases were confirmed on the same day (no cases were imported from abroad); 10 cases were removed from medical observation on the same day (7 cases were imported from abroad); and 292 cases of asymptomatic infection were still under medical observation (91 cases were imported from abroad).
累计收到港澳台地区通报确诊病例3009例。	A total of 3,009 confirmed cases were reported from Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan.
其中，香港特别行政区2505例（出院1455例，死亡18例），澳门特别行政区46例（出院46例），台湾地区458例（出院440例，死亡7例）。	Among them, 2,505 cases (1,455 cases were discharged from the hospital and 18 died) were reported in the Hong Kong SAR, 46 cases (46 cases were discharged from the hospital) in the Macao SAR, and 458 cases (440 cases were discharged from the hospital and 7 died) in Taiwan.
三峡库区最长高铁隧道贯通-中新网	Longest high-speed railway tunnel in the Three Gorges Reservoir region connected
2020-07-26 17:34:48 来源：中国新闻网 作者：陈海峰 责任编辑：陈海峰	2020-07-26 17:34:48 Source: chinanews.com Writer: Chen Hai Editor Chen Hai
图为小三峡隧道施工现场。	Image shows Small Three Gorges Tunnel work site.
中铁成都局集团公司供图	Image courtesy of China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group
中新网重庆7月26日电 (记者 韩璐)记者26日从中国铁路成都局集团有限公司获悉，全长约18.9千米的郑万高铁小三峡隧道当日全线贯通。	Chinanews.com, Chongqing, posted July 26th (correspondent Han Lu) On July 26th, this reporter learned from China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group LTD that the Zhengzhou–Wanzhou high-speed railway’s Small Three Gorges Tunnel, with a total length of roughly 18.9 km, had been completed the same day.
据了解，小三峡隧道不仅是三峡库区范围内最长的高铁隧道，也是目前国内正在建设的项目中，设计时速达到350公里/小时的最长单洞双线高铁隧道。	Based on available information, the Small Three Gorges Tunnel is both the longest high-speed rail tunnel in the Three Gorges Reservoir area, and also, among the rail projects under construction in China, is the longest dual-track single-hole high-speed rail tunnel with a 350 km/h design speed.
郑万高铁位于河南、湖北、重庆三省市境内，在郑州北接京广、徐兰高铁，在万州南连渝万高铁抵达重庆，是我国“八纵八横”高速铁路网中沿江通道和呼南通道的重要组成部分。	The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway links cities within the three provinces of Henan, Hubei, and Chongqing, connects to the Beijing-Guangzhou and Xuzhou-Lanzhou high-speed rail routes via the Zhengzhou North Station and reaches Chongqing through the Chongqing-Wanzhou intercity railway link via the Wanzhou South Station; it is an important component of China’s "Eight Vertical and Eight Horizontal" network that connects to the Yangtze River corridor and the Hohhot–Nanning corridor.
郑万高铁小三峡隧道26日全线贯通。	The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel was fully connected on the 26th.
图为贯通现场。	Image of fully opened tunnel.
郑万高铁起于河南省郑州市，向西南经平顶山市、南阳市、湖北省襄阳市至重庆市万州区，新建线路全长约818公里，设计速度350公里/小时，重庆境内约184公里。	The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway begins in Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, then runs southwest through Pingdingshan City, Nanyang City, and Xiangyang City in Hubei Province, and terminates in Wanzhou District, Chongqing City; the length of the new line is about 818 km, of which 184 km run through the borders of Chongqing, and has a design speed of 350 km/h.
其中，郑州至襄阳段已于2019年12月1日先期开通运营，重庆段正加紧推进建设。	The Zhengzhou-Xiangyang stage of the line opened early on December 1st, 2019, and construction on the Chongqing stage is being accelerated.
26日全线贯通的小三峡隧道为郑万高铁全线控制性工程，项目位于重庆市奉节县与巫山县交界，全长约18.9千米，最大埋深890米。	The Small Three Gorges Tunnel, which was fully connected on the 26th, is a total-line control project for the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway; the project is located at the border of Fengjie County and Wushan County, Chongqing City, has a total length of roughly 18.9 km, and has a maximum buried depth of 890 meters.
该隧道于2017年2月开始施工，2020年7月26日全线贯通。	Work began on the tunnel in February of 2017, and the tunnel was fully connected on July 26th, 2020.
据勘察设计方中国中铁二院工程集团有限责任公司郑万高铁隧道设计负责人王国军介绍，小三峡隧道所处位置地形地质条件非常复杂，面临岩溶、突泥涌水、软岩大变形等风险，属Ⅰ级高风险隧道，隧道设计和施工难度极大。	Wang Guojun, director of tunnel design for the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway at China Railway Eryuan Engineering Group Co., Ltd., stated that the Small Three Gorges Tunnel cuts through highly complicated terrain and geological conditions, and faces risks such as karsts, sudden mudslides, and massive soft rock deformation, making it a Class I high-risk tunnel, for which design and construction are exceedingly difficult.
“项目建设过程中，我们采用地质调查法、物探法和超前钻探法等方式超前地质预报，对30余处各类型溶洞采取了特殊设计方案。如设计修建了长24米的桥梁，跨越隧道内纵向长度超10米、深度超55米的大型溶洞，避免隧道沉降。”王国军说。	“During construction, we used approaches such as geological surveys, geophysical techniques, and advanced drilling methods to make geological forecasts far in advance and create special design plans for over 30 types of caves. For example, we built a bridge within the tunnel that was 24 meters in length across a karst cave gap that was 10 meters wide and 55 meters deep to avoid tunnel settlement,” he said.
据施工方中铁隧道局介绍，该隧道施工时，采取疏导堵结合的方式，通过修建横洞平导、注浆堵水、强化隧道结构支护以及修建污水处理站，既保证了工程有序推进，也避免了施工排水对小三峡风景区水体的破坏，同时成功克服了长达7公里的软岩大变形等不良地质、每日最大涌水量达15.7万立方米的多突泥涌水等施工难题。	The building company, the China Railway Tunnel Group, constructed the tunnel using a combination of dredging and blocking, building horizontal tunnels, water blocking, enhanced structural tunnel support, and building outflow treatment plants, which together ensured the project could proceed on schedule while avoiding damage from polluted wastewater to the Three Gorges Scenic Area, and at the same time, overcame construction problems such as 7 kilometers of karst soft rock deformation and other bad geology, as well as a maximum daily water inflow of 157,000 cubic meters.
郑万高铁全线建成通车后，将成为我国西南地区通往中原、华北、东北地区新的便捷快速客运主通道，对改善西南地区东北向铁路通道能力和质量、完善区域路网布局、加快沿线旅游资源开发和城镇化进程，促进区域协调发展，推动西部大开发战略实施具有重要意义。	When the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway is completed and fully operational, it will have critical importance as a rapid and convenient passenger channel that connects the regions of Southwest China, the Central Plains, North China, and Northeast China which improves both the quality and capacity of the Southwest China railway network’s northeast corridor, improves the regional transit network, speeds up the development of tourism resources and urbanization along the route, promotes inter-regional coordinated development, and facilitates the implementation of the Western Region development strategy.
专家说通过美国人口普查收集移民资料用于众院席位分配违宪	Collecting immigration status data through US Census for House of Representatives seat allocation is unconstitutional, say experts
一些民权组织和好几个美国城市和县对美国联邦政府提出起诉，称特朗普总统府试图将无证移民排除在美国人口普查之外是行不通的，也是违宪的。	Civil rights groups and several US cities and counties have filed a lawsuit against the US federal government, claiming the Trump administration’s attempts to exclude undocumented immigrants from the US Census are both unconstitutional and would unworkable.
美国人口普查将决定美国国会众议院席位的分配。	The US Census decides the allocation of seats in the US House of Representatives.
美国民权自由联盟执行律师萨拉·布兰农对美国之音说，“这么做是行不通的。”	American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) executive director Sarah Brannon told VOA, “This is unworkable. “
她接着说，特朗普要求在人口普查中确定接受普查的人的公民身份难以做到，而且“不是很可靠。”	She continued, saying Trump’s demand that the US Census determine the immigration status of census respondents was difficult and “not very reliable”. “
另一个公民自由组织共同事业组织星期四提出诉讼，对特朗普的行政令提出挑战。	Common Cause, another civil rights organization, filed a lawsuit on Thursday to challenge Trump’s executive order.
新泽西州、乔治亚州的一些城市加入了诉讼。	Several New Jersey and Georgia cities joined the lawsuit.
维吉尼亚州的阿灵顿县星期五也加入了诉讼。	On Friday, Virginia’s Arlington County also joined the lawsuit.
阿灵顿县的管理董事会主席加维说，“美国宪法要求每10年准确地清点我们的人口。我们必须准确地清点居住在阿灵顿县的每一个人，不能让这种非法试图吓跑人和压缩我们的移民社区人数的做法得逞。”	Arlington County Board Chair Libby Garvey said, “The US Constitution requires that we make an accurate count of our population every 10 years. We need an accurate count of every resident in Arlington County, and we must never illegal attempts like these to frighten away and shrink our immigrant community succeed. “
另一些组织和个人则赞扬特朗普总统的行政令。	Other individuals and organizations expressed praise for Trump’s executive order.
阿拉巴马州司法部长马歇尔称，该行政令是该州的一个“胜利”。	Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall called the executive order a “victory” for the state.
他说，“分配各州的国会众议院席位和选举团席位的时候，必须根据居住在各州的居民人数，而且是合法居住的居民的人数。”	He said, “The allocation of House of Representatives and electoral college seats must be based on the number of residents in each state, particularly the number of legal residents. “
美国最高法院去年阻止了特朗普行政当局将公民身份问题纳入2020年人口普查表中。	Last year, the US Supreme Court stopped the Trump administration’s attempts to include citizenship questions on the 2020 census form.
特朗普总统本星期早些时候签署一项行政令，指令监管美国人口普查局的商业部长罗斯提交人口普查所得的无证人口的数据，以便行政当局将这些无证人口排除在各州的人口普查数字之外，并以此确定每个州究竟是增加还是减少或保持众议院议员席位。	Earlier this week President Trump signed an executive order directing Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, who oversees the US Census Bureau, to submit data on the undocumented population obtained from the census, so that the administration can exclude this population from state census results, which in turn are used to determine whether each state will increase, decrease, or maintain its number of seats in the House of Representatives.
美国每隔10年就要根据人口变化情况重新分配众议院席位。	Seats in the US House of Representatives are reallocated every 10 years based on changes in population.
重庆33个区县降暴雨 当地启动防汛Ⅳ级应急响应-中新网	Heavy rainfall in 33 Chonging districts and counties, local Level IV flood control emergency measures initiated - chinanews.com
新华社重庆7月26日电(记者柯高阳、李松)记者从重庆市防汛抗旱指挥部了解到，重庆市7月25日起迎来新一轮强降雨天气过程，33个区县降暴雨，4条次中小河流出现超警戒水位洪水，当地已启动防汛Ⅳ级应急响应。	Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, reported July 26th (correspondents: Ke Gaoyang, Li Song) Our reporters have learned from Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters that during a new round of heavy rains in Chongqing on July 25th, 33 districts and counties experienced heavy rainstorms, and water levels in 4 small and medium-size rivers rose above flood alert levels, causing local Level IV flood control emergency measures to be initiated.
据重庆市水文监测总站监测，25日8时至26日8时，重庆大部地区迎来大到暴雨，江津、綦江、武隆等33个区县出现暴雨，其中万州、云阳、南川等16个区县出现大暴雨。	According to reports from the Chongqing Municipal Hydrological Monitoring Station, between 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, most areas of Chongqing experienced heavy rain, with heavy rainstorms appearing in 33 districts and counties including Jiangjin, Qijiang, and Wulong, and very heavy rainstorms appearing across 16 districts and counties including Wanzhou, Yunyang, and Nanchuan.
最大日降雨量出现在南川金山镇龙山村，为197.5毫米。	The highest daily rainfall of 197.5 mm occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan.
受强降雨影响，江津区驴子溪、涪陵区油江河、开州区映阳河、云阳县团滩河4条次中小河流出现超警戒水位洪水，目前水位仍在上涨。	The heavy rain caused four small and medium-sized rivers; Lvzi River in Jiangjin District, Youjiang River in Fuling District, Yingyang River in Kaizhou District, and Tuantan River in Yunyang County; saw waters rise above flood alert levels, and at present, water levels are still rising.
强降雨还导致武隆区土地乡六井村出现山体滑坡，造成村道公路通行中断，滑坡体滑入乌江支流沿沧河，阻断河道形成堰塞湖，当地已紧急组织下游群众转移。	The rain also led to landslides in Liujing Village, Didi Township, and Wulong District, which blocked traffic on village roads, and caused blockage of the Cang River along the Wujiang River, resulting in the river water forming a temporary lake, at which point an emergency evacuation was organized for local residents.
针对此次暴雨，重庆市防汛抗旱指挥部于26日13时发布江河洪水Ⅲ级预警信息，并启动防汛Ⅳ级应急响应，要求相关区县和单位加强巡查值守，及时调集应急救援队伍和物资，疏散转移受威胁区域人民群众。	The Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters responded to this torrential rain by issuing a Level III emergency river flood warning at 13:00 on the 26th and initiating Level IV flood control emergency measures, as well as instructing the affected counties and regions to conduct more frequent inspections and be on high alert, in case emergency rescue teams and materials needed to be urgently mobilized and people in affected areas required evacuation.
应势而动，推进产业项目建设-视点头条-湖南日报网-华声在线	Acting in response to trends and advancing the construction of industrial projects-Shidian Net-Hunan Daily-www.voc.com.cn
盛夏的湖南，热浪扑面。	Hunan in midsummer is steaming hot.
而全省产业项目建设推进现场观摩会释放的热情，盖过了三伏天的酷暑，“ 以产业比实力、以项目论英雄”的鲜明导向鼓动着三湘四水。	The enthusiasm unleased by the on-the-spot observation meeting for promoting the construction of industrial projects in the whole province surpassed even the heat summer heat, and the distinct guidance of "comparing strength with industry and defining heroes with projects" inspired industry in Hunan.
湖南的发展，始终要靠建项目、培产业。	The development of Hunan should rely on constructing projects and fostering industries.
面对极不寻常的上半年，在以习近平同志为核心的党中央坚强领导下，全省上下坚持一盘棋，全力以赴打好防疫、防汛两场硬仗，把产业项目作为落实“六稳”“六保”的“先手棋” 。	Faced with the unusual first half of the year, under the firm leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, the whole province united as one and made every effort to fight the tough battles against COVID-19 pandemic prevention and flood control, and adopted industrial projects as the "pioneer" in the implementation of "ensuring stability in employment, financial operations, foreign trade, foreign investment, domestic investment, and expectations" and "ensuring security in job, basic living needs, operations of market entities, food and energy security, stable industrial and supply chains, and the normal functioning of primary-level governments".
从一季度GDP同比下降1.9% ， 到上半年同比增长1.3% ， 期间之难，努力之巨，不言而喻。	From a year-on-year decline of 1.9% in the first quarter to a year-on-year growth of 1.3% in the first half of the year, it is hard to imagine how many difficulties we have overcome and how much effort we have expended during this period.
在这份弥足珍贵的成绩单上，产业项目建设正是湖南加快经济复苏、发展稳定向好的关键支撑。	In this precious report, the construction of industrial projects is the key support for Hunan to speed up the recovery of the economy and stable development.
势可顺，不可逆。	The trend is irreversible.
产业项目建设，要放到大局大势中去，既善于积势、蓄势、谋势，又善于识变、求变、应变。	The construction of industrial projects should be put into the overall situation, and not only should we be good at accumulating and seeking potential, but also we should be good at recognizing, seeking, and acting according to changes.
在当前国际形势复杂严峻大背景下，除了千辛万苦招商引资，还需静下心来研究当前新形势新特点，更加把握规律、更加科学精准，更好融入以国内大循环为主体、国内国际双循环相互促进的新发展格局。	Under the complex and severe background of the current international situation, in addition to painstaking efforts to attract investment, we need to concentrate on researching the new characteristics of the current new situation, grasp the rules more scientifically and be more scientific and accurate, and better integrate into the new development paradigm featuring dual circulation, in which domestic and overseas markets reinforce each other, with the domestic market as the mainstay.
更加注重提升产业基础能力。	We have paid more attention to improving the basic capabilities of industry.
上半年，我省不仅有一大批新兴产业重量级投资项目破土开工、播下希望，更有传统优势产业企业在数字化、智能化、绿色化的产业转型上加速布点、落子如飞。	In the first half of the year, not only did a large number of heavyweight investment projects in emerging industries start and sow hopes in our province, but also enterprises in traditional industries have accelerated their deployment in digital, intelligent, and green industrial transformation.
益阳奥士康第三科学园项目对现有生产线进行改造，高端印制电路板智能化生产线抢占先机;湖南中烟常德卷烟厂新厂区致力于智能化转型、建设现代化工厂的历程，也是“老树发新芽”的生动写照 … … 围绕国家重大战略和“两新一重”， 着力巩固提升优势产业，积极培育发展新兴产业，全面加大科技创新和国产化替代力度，才能不断夯实基础条件、积蓄转型动能。	Transformations have been made in the existing production line of the project of Yiyang Aoshikang No.3 Science Park, and the intelligent production line of high-end printed circuit board has taken the lead; the new factory of the Changde Cigarette Factory of China Tobacco Hunan Industrial Corporation was committed to the process of intelligent transformation and the construction of modern factories, which was also a vivid portrayal of "old trees sprouting new buds"; focusing on the national major strategy and "new infrastructure and new urbanization initiatives and major projects", we have focused on consolidating and upgrading advantageous industries, actively cultivated and developed emerging industries, and comprehensively increased the strength of scientific and technological innovation and localization substitution to continuously consolidate basic conditions and accumulate transformation momentum.
更加注重培育发展新经济新业态新模式。	We have paid more attention to cultivating and developing new industries, new business forms, and new models.
突如其来的新冠疫情，带来了“云经济”的走红，激发了数字经济的潜力，为产业变革提供新的契机：上半年，我省计算机及办公设备制造业、电子及通信设备制造业增长12.6%，限额以上批发零售企业网上零售额同比增长32.2%，餐饮企业网上餐费收入同比增长35.6% 。	The unexpected COVID-19 outbreak brought about the popularity of the "cloud economy", stimulated the potential of the digital economy, and provided new opportunities for industrial transformation; in the first half of the year, the computer and office equipment manufacturing, electronic and communication equipment manufacturing industry of our province grew by 12.6%, and the online retail sales of wholesale and retail enterprises above a designated size increased by 32.2% over the same period last year, and the income of online meals from catering enterprises increased by 35.6% over the same period last year.
在危机中育新机、于变局中开新局，积极推进数字产业化、产业数字化，引导数字经济和实体经济融合发展正是大势所趋。	We have created new opportunities out of crises and opened up new prospects in changing circumstances; we have actively promoted digital industrialization and industrial digitization, and guided the integrated development of the digital economy and real economy.
更加注重优化和稳定产业链供应链。	We have paid more attention to optimizing and stabilizing the industrial chain and the supply chain.
工程机械是湖南产业的主力军，但配套的企业三分之二在省外，配套链上仍有空间、有潜力。	Construction machinery is the main force of industry in Hunan, but two thirds of the supporting enterprises are outside the province, so there is still space and potential in the supporting chain.
强化产业链思维抓项目，不仅要有头部企业持续积淀，在产业链关键环节实现技术突破;还需各地潜心培育，以强链补链延链激发“链”锁反应，推动相关配套产业协同布局，加快建设自主可控、安全可靠的产业链供应链。	To strengthen industrial chain thinking and better grasp the project, we need to continuously accumulate experience from leading enterprises and achieve technological breakthroughs in the key links of the industrial chain; we should also cultivate all localities with great concentration, stimulate the "chain" reaction by strengthening the chain, supplementing the chain, and extending the chain, promote the collaborative layout of relevant supporting industries, and speed up the construction of an independent, controllable, safe, and reliable industrial chain and supply chain.
渡难关、挺企业，湖南依然是营商环境良好、市场商机涌现的热土、乐土。	We are overcoming hardship together and supporting our enterprises; Hunan is still a land of enthusiasm and happiness with a good business environment and emerging business opportunities.
全省各地频出招、出新招、出实招，以为企业纾困的“减负”催生高质量发展的“加速”; 邵阳实行“股东式”服务，为企业办事不推诿、政策兑现不打折、问题解决不过夜……在挽回疫情造成的损失过程中，种种“千方百计”，找准短板痛点，成就化危为机的鲜活故事。	All parts of the province have frequently employed new and practical methods, believing that the "burden reduction" of enterprises promotes the "acceleration" of high-quality development; "shareholder type" services have been implemented in Shaoyang to guarantee the high efficiency of enterprises; in the process of recovering the losses caused by the epidemic, there were many vivid stories about finding weak links and pain points, and turning risks into opportunities.
一门心思研究产业、培育产业、发展产业，扎扎实实优化营商环境，定能赢得更多投资者的青睐。	Focusing on the research, cultivation, and development of industries, and solidly optimizing the business environment will surely win the favor of more investors.
前方风浪犹在，但乘风破浪的状态，已成为全省上下抓产业项目建设、推进高质量发展的常态。	Difficulties ahead remain, but the state of overcoming difficulties has become the normal state for the whole province to focus on the construction of industrial projects and promote high-quality development.
值此关键时期，必须学习好、贯彻好习近平总书记系列重要指示批示精神，以自身工作的确定性有效应对外部的不确定性，持之以恒推进产业项目建设，共掬热忱、共洒汗水，确保“十三五”和全面建成小康社会圆满收官。	During this critical period, we must learn and carry out the important instructions and spirit of general secretary Xi Jinping, and respond to external uncertainties effectively with the certainty of our work; we must persevere in promoting industrial projects and uniting as one with enthusiasm to ensure that the "13th Five-Year Plan" and the goal of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects will be accomplished successfully.
摩洛哥海军在地中海截获一批大麻制品-中新网	Moroccan Navy Intercepted a Batch of Cannabis Products in the Mediterranean-Ecns.cn
新华社拉巴特7月26日电(记者陈斌杰)据摩洛哥媒体26日报道，隶属于摩洛哥海军的海岸警卫队当天在地中海截获一批大麻制品，总重量超过1吨。	RABAT, July 26 (Xinhua, by Chen Binjie) According to reports in Moroccan media on the 26th, the Coast Guard, which is part of the Moroccan Navy, intercepted a batch of cannabis products in the Mediterranean that day, with a total weight of more than 1 ton.
摩洛哥官方通讯社援引军方消息报道说，摩洛哥海岸警卫队当天在地中海巡逻时截获一艘涉嫌走私大麻制品的快艇，嫌疑人在被捕前将船上大麻制品抛入海中，海岸警卫队随后将其捞起。	The official Moroccan news agency quoted military sources as reporting that the Moroccan Coast Guard intercepted a speedboat suspected of smuggling cannabis products during a patrol in the Mediterranean on July 26; the suspect threw the cannabis products on board into the sea before being arrested, and the Coast Guard subsequently fished it up.
报道说，摩洛哥海岸警卫队已将该嫌疑人和这批大麻制品移交给相关部门。	According to reports, the Moroccan Coast Guard has handed over the suspect and the batch of cannabis products to relevant authorities.
摩洛哥司法部门正在对此案展开进一步调查。	The judicial department of Morocco is conducting further investigations into this case.
培育新业态 打开就业新空间-中新网	Cultivating New Forms of Business to Add New Employment - China News
新的就业方式不断涌现，打开了就业新空间，多项创新服务政策也接续推出，助力新就业形态茁壮成长。	The emerging new employment patterns bring about new employment, and many innovative service policies are being launched continuously to promote the new forms of employment.
国家统计局最新数据显示，6月全国城镇调查失业率为5.7%， 比5月下降0.2个百分点。	The latest data from the National Bureau of Statistics shows that the surveyed urban unemployment rate was 5.7%, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points from that of May.
这也是自4月以来，全国城镇调查失业率实现的两连降，失业率数据逐月下降的背后是新业态不断涌现出的就业新机会。	This is also the second consecutive declines in the surveyed urban unemployment rate across the country since April; the monthly decline in unemployment rate is mainly due to the continuous emergence of new employment opportunities in new business formats.
现在每月5000多的工资，再加上拥抱信息技术的新鲜感让郭梅越来越有干劲。	With a salary of more than RMB 5,000 a month, coupled with the novel feeling of embracing information technology, Guo Mei is increasingly motivated.
在山西转型综改示范区创新孵化基地，数据标注师超过2300人。	In the innovation incubation base of Shanxi Transformation and Comprehensive Reform Demonstration Zone, there are more than 2,300 data annotators.
不仅是数据标注师，今年以来，国家还将核酸检测员、在线学习服务师等25个职业定义成为新职业，开发职业技能标准、推出技能培训计划，为从业者的发展托底助力。	Besides data annotators, China has defined 25 occupations such as nucleic acid testers and online learning service technicians as new occupations since the beginning of this year, developed vocational skills standards, and launched skills training programs to support the development of people in these fields.
针对新的就业方式、新的创业路径，国家也在创新就业服务。	In response to new employment methods and new entrepreneurial paths, China is also innovating employment services.
近日，国家发展改革委等13个部门联合发布了《关于支持新业态新模式健康发展激活消费市场带动扩大就业的意见》，为劳动者提供多样的就业机会。	Recently, 13 departments including the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the Opinions on Supporting the Healthy Development of New Business Forms and New Models, Activating the Consumer Market, and Driving Employment Expansion to provide workers with diverse employment opportunities.
多部门将联合培育市场新个体，进一步降低个体经营者线上创业就业成本；让新业态从业者更有保障，灵活就业的权益保障、社会保障等政策将陆续推出。	Multiple departments will jointly cultivate new individuals in the market to further reduce the cost of online entrepreneurship and employment for self-employed individuals, and in order to provide more guarantees for workers in new business fields, policies such as rights protection and social security for flexible employment will be introduced.
突尼斯总统提名新总理-新华网	Tunisian President Nominates New Prime Minister - Xinhua
新华社突尼斯7月25日电（记者黄灵）突尼斯总统府25日发布公告说，总统赛义德当天提名看守政府内政部长希沙姆·迈希希为新总理。	Tunisia, July 25 (Xinhua, Huang Ling) - The Tunisian presidential palace announced on the 25th that the president Kais Saied nominated the Minister of the Interior of the caretaker government Hichem Mechichi as the new Prime Minister.
公告说，根据宪法，迈希希应在一个月内完成组阁，并将新政府组成名单提交议会批准。	The announcement said that according to the Constitution, Mechichi should complete the formation of the cabinet within one month, and submit the list of the new government to the Parliament for approval.
新政府的组成须获得议会217名议员中半数以上投票支持。	The formation of the new government requires the support of more than half of the 217 members of the Parliament.
迈希希生于1974年，拥有法学和管理学硕士学位，今年2月被任命为内政部长。	Born in 1974, with a master's degree in law and management, Mechichi was appointed the Minister of the Interior in February this year.
7月15日，时任突尼斯总理法赫法赫提出辞职，并获总统批准。	On July 15, then Tunisia's Prime Minister Elyes Fakhfakh submitted his resignation, which was accepted by the President.
此前，突尼斯议会最大党复兴运动党宣布撤回对法赫法赫政府的支持，致使政府在议会中缺乏足够支持。	Earlier, the Ennahda Party, the largest party in Tunisia's parliament, announced that it would withdraw its support for the Fakhfakh government, resulting in the government's lack of sufficient support in the parliament.
就业与物价总体平稳彰显经济有“温度” - 中新网	Overall Stable Employment and Price Indicate “Temperature” of Economy-ChineNews.com
2020-07-26 07:01:37 来源：经济日报 作者：王思硕 责任编辑：王思硕	2020-07-26 07:01:37 Source: Economic Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor: Wang Sishuo
就业与物价总体平稳彰显经济有“温度”	Overall Stable Employment and Price Indicate “Temperature” of Economy
经济日报·中国经济网记者 林火灿	Reported by Economic Daily·ce.cn correspondent Lin Huocan
今年上半年，面对新冠肺炎疫情冲击，我国统筹推进疫情防控和经济社会发展各项工作，疫情防控形势不断向好，经济稳步复苏态势明显，与民生关系密切的就业与物价表现总体平稳，中国经济交出一份有温度的经济运行成绩单。	Facing the impact of COVID-19 in the first half of this year, China carried forward pandemic prevention and control as well as economic and social development in a coordinated manner; pandemic prevention and control continues to improve, while the economy is obviously recovering, and with employment and commodity prices, which are closely related to people’s well-being, in a generally stable state, China’s economy is presenting an economic performance card with “normal temperature”.
今年前两个月，调查失业率有所上升。	In the first two months of this year, the surveyed unemployment rate increased.
特别是2月份，许多企业生产经营活动基本上处于停工停产状态，企业用工需求减少、招聘延迟或取消，城镇调查失业率有所上升。	Especially in February, the production and operation of many companies were basically shutdown, and with demand for labor decreased and recruitment postponed or cancelled, the urban unemployment rate increased as a result.
随着疫情防控形势逐步好转，全社会生产生活秩序不断恢复。	As the outbreak prevention and control outcomes took a turn for the better, the order of production and living standards across the society is recovering.
党中央坚持稳中求进工作总基调，进一步加大宏观政策对冲力度，全面强化就业优先政策，积极推进援企稳岗扩就业工作。	The Party Central Committee adheres to the key idea of seeking improvements in stability to further enhance the hedging strength of macro policies, reinforce pro-employment policies in all dimensions, and to actively facilitate efforts in assisting companies to maintain staffing stability and expand employment.
我国加大政策对冲稳岗位，打出“减免缓返补”政策组合拳，阶段性减免3项社会保险单位缴费部分，允许延期缴纳社会保险费，扩大中小微企业失业保险稳岗返还、以工代训政策受益面，对企业吸纳重点群体就业给予吸纳补贴、见习补贴等。	China is reinforcing policies to offset the impact and maintain employment with a portfolio of “reduce, exempt, defer, return and subsidy” policies: reducing and exempting 3 types of social insurance for companies in a phased manner, allowing deferred payments of social insurance fees, increasing beneficiary ranges for returning unemployment insurance to medium, small, and micro enterprises to maintain work posts and for work-based training policies, and providing subsidies for companies employing key population groups.
随着各项稳就业政策落实落细，企业用工需求稳步回升，就业形势逐渐改善，城镇调查失业率逐步下降，6月份，调查失业率为5.7%。	As employment stabilization policies were implemented, companies demands for labor gradually recovered, and as employment improves, the urban unemployment rate has decreases; in June, the unemployment rate was 5.7%.
国家统计局人口和就业统计司司长张毅表示，二季度，各项就业政策持续见效，前期因疫情影响退出的劳动力陆续返回，6月份城镇劳动参与率较2月份上升10个百分点左右，与去年同期水平接近。	According to Zhang Yi, Director of the Population and Employment Statistics Division of National Bureau of Statistics, all employment policies continued to be effective in the second quarter; labor that retreated earlier due to the outbreak is returning gradually, and in June, the urban labor participation rate increased around 10 points compared to February, close to that of the same period last year.
数据显示，6月份城镇就业总量较2月份增长超过19%， 多数行业达到疫情前水平；企业就业人员周平均工作时间达46.8小时，比2月份提高6.6小时，比1月份略高0.1小时。	As data shows, the total urban employment in June increased 19% compared to February, with many industries bouncing back to pre-pandemic levels; average weekly working hours of company employees reached 46.8 hours, 6.6 hours higher than in February, and 0.1 hours higher than in January.
物价同样关系着千家万户。	Commodity prices are also relevant for families.
今年一月份，CPI同比涨幅为5.4%，创下了多年来新高。	In January, CPI increased 5.4% year on year, a record high in many years.
进入2月份，CPI同比涨幅虽然略有回落，但仍处于“5区间” 。	In February, year-on-year CPI dropped slighted, but was still above 5%.
CPI同比涨幅处于高位，既有春节前消费需求拉动因素，也有春节错月和同比基数较低因素。	High level year-on-year CPI growth was driven by consumer demand before Spring Festival, but even with Spring Festival demand, it fell by month and was lower on a year-on-year base.
不过，新冠肺炎疫情对物价的影响尤为明显。	However, COVID-19 had an obvious impact on commodity prices.
受疫情防控影响，一二月份全国各地均出现物流延时、物资供应不及时、物资运输成本增加等状况，加之一些市民囤积抢购，部分生活必需品价格明显上涨。	Affected by pandemic prevention and control, delays in logistics and supplies, increases in transportation costs occurred across the country in January and February; also, as some people rushed to hoard, the prices of some daily necessities went up.
为应对疫情防控给物价形势带来的扰动，有关部门把重要生活物资纳入应急运输保障范围，确保物资运输畅通。	In response to disturbances in commodity prices from pandemic prevention and control, the relevant authorities put major daily supplies in emergency circulation to ensure unblocked supply.
在一系列政策举措的作用下，蔬菜瓜果市场供给得到有力保障。	Through a series of policies and measures, the market supply of vegetables and fruit was secured.
为应对今年年初猪肉价格快速上涨情况，中央出台保供稳价政策后，各地区、各部门迅速贯彻落实，猪肉储备投放供应明显改善，生猪产能有序恢复，产销秩序逐渐正常。	In response to the sharp rise in pork price at the beginning of the year, the central government rolled out policies to maintain prices and supply, and regions and departments swiftly implemented them accordingly; as a result, the pork reserve supply obviously improved, capacity in pigs for slaughter was restored in an orderly manner, and order in production and sales gradually returned to normal.
3月份起，猪肉价格连续下降，5月份带动食品价格同比涨幅回落至10.6%；6月份，受生猪出栏减缓、进口量减少和团体消费需求回升等因素影响，猪肉价格环比略有上涨。	Since March, pork prices have been dropping continuously, leading food prices to fall back to a 10.6% year-on-year increase in May; in June, affected by slowed output of pigs for slaughter, reduced imports, and recovered group consumption, pork prices saw slight month-on-month growth.
鲜菜价格季节性变动特征明显，上半年平均上涨3.4%。	Seasonal changes in fresh vegetable prices were clear, with an average of 3.4% growth in the first half.
受去年同期对比基数较高影响，鲜果价格同比持续下降，上半年平均下降13.3%。	Due to a high year-on-year starting point last year, fresh fruit saw continuous drop in year-on-year prices, with an average 13.3% drop in the first half.
群众基本生活得到有效保障，经济社会大局保持稳定有序。	With people’s essential everyday needs effectively secured, the overall economic and social order was kept stable.
随着交通物流逐渐恢复，各地加大保供力度，市场供需状况好转。	As transportation and logistics gradually returned to normal, regions reinforced supply guarantee measures, and market demand and supply took a turn for the better.
3月份开始，CPI环比连续4个月下降，同比涨幅也由3月份的4.3%回落到6月份的2.5%，物价水平总体恢复平稳。	Since March, month-on-month CPI dropped for 4 consecutive months, year-on-year growth fell back to 2.5% in June from 4.3% in March, and overall commodity prices have stabilized.
下半年，我国物价将继续保持温和水平，总体通胀压力不大，但仍然要在做好疫情防控常态化的前提下，推动恢复生产生活秩序。	In the next half of the year, commodity prices in the country will continue to maintain at a moderate level, with no significant inflation pressure overall, however, we still need to facilitate restoring the order of production and living with the premise of regular outbreak prevention and control.
有效应对粮食、果蔬等农产品主产区洪涝、干旱等自然灾害，加强市场监管，坚决打击囤积居奇、哄抬物价等扰乱市场秩序行为。	Natural disasters like flood and drought in major agricultural production regions of crops, vegetables, and fruit must be dealt with efficiently, market supervision and regulation must be reinforced to sternly crack down regrading and price-gouging behaviors that disturb market order.
马云被印度法院传唤？	Jack Ma Summoned by an Indian Court?
阿里：网传官方回应非阿里发出-中新网	Alibaba: The So-called Official Response Was not Issued by the Official Website of Alibaba-Ecns.cn
阿里：网传“官方回应”非阿里方面发出	Alibaba: The so-called official response was not issued by the official website of Alibaba
中新经纬客户端7月26日电 26日下午，有外媒报道称，印度首都新德里的一家法院因一起前雇员诉讼案，对UC印度、阿里巴巴创始人马云和其他十几家公司高管等作出传唤。	July 26 (Economic News Client) On the afternoon of 26th, foreign media reported that a court in New Delhi, the capital of India, had summoned the founder of UC India and Alibaba, Jack Ma, and the executives of more than a dozen other companies in the matter of a lawsuit by a former employee.
对此，阿里巴巴市场公关委员会主席王帅在朋友圈幽默留言，表示UC印度公司正按流程处理，但至于马云本人知不知道，王帅称：“我也不清楚。	Regarding this, Wang Shuai, chairman of the Alibaba Market Public Relations Committee, left a humorous message in Moments, saying that UC India is handling the matter according to its processes, but as to whether Jack Ma knows the truth himself, Wang Shuai said, "I don't know either.
他退休后确实越来越难找了 … … 我都找了一天了 … … 今晚再去HHB酒吧找找看啊 。 ”	It is indeed getting harder and harder to find him after his retirement... I have been looking for him all day... I will go to the HHB bar again tonight. "
另阿里方面向中新经纬客户端证实，此前网传所谓阿里官方回复“UC一直坚定地致力于服务印度市场和保护本地员工的福利，政策符合当地法律。	In addition, Alibaba confirmed to Economic News that the so-called official reply which was previously issued on the Internet, “UC has always been firmly committed to serving the Indian market and protecting the welfare of local employees, and our policies comply with local laws.
因为这件事还在审判中，无法对这个问题作进一步评论。”	Because the trial regarding this matter is still ongoing, we can't comment further on this issue," "
并非阿里方面发出。	was not issued by Alibaba.
麦当劳：将在全美国超14000间门店要求顾客必须戴口罩	McDonald's: Over 14,000 restaurants across the US will require customers to wear masks
应对新冠肺炎疫情，美国麦当劳24日发布声明表示，全美麦当劳门市自8月1日起规定顾客入内必须佩戴口罩，并会在入口处提供口罩给没有携带的客人。	In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, McDonald's in the United States issued a statement on July 24th, saying that all its stores across the US would require customers to wear masks upon entry from August 1st and would provide masks at the entrance for customers who do not have one.
据美国全国公共广播电台(NPR)24日报道，麦当劳在全美门店超过14000家。	According to a news report from National Public Radio (NPR) on July 24th, McDonald's has more than 14,000 restaurants in the United States.
麦当劳向媒体透露，不愿戴口罩的顾客将被引导至与其他客户保持安全距离的外卖领取点。	McDonald's told the media that customers who were unwilling to wear a mask would be directed to a takeaway pick-up point to maintain a safe distance between them and other customers.
此外，麦当劳餐厅堂食区还将增设防护板，以保持社交隔离。	In addition, additional shielding panels would be installed in dine-in areas to maintain social distance.
麦当劳因此推出新的配戴口罩规定，以应对不愿配合的顾客。	In this, McDonald's has issued a new mask rule to deal with uncooperative customers.
五十余部剧目将陆续登场 京演集团为剧场复工做好准备-新华网	Over Fifty Works of Art will be on Display as the Beijing Performance & Arts Group Has Fully Prepared for the Resumption of Theatre - Xinhua Net
伴随北京突发公共卫生应急响应级别由二级调整为三级，京城营业性文化场所迎来限流恢复开放。	With the adjustment of the public health emergency response level in Beijing down to Level III from Level II, cultural venues in Beijing are allowed to re-open with a limited number of visitors.
北京演艺集团透露，已为剧场开放做好充分准备，将有五十余部剧目准备陆续登场。	According to the Beijing Performance & Arts Group, it has made full preparation for the re-opening of the theaters, with more than 50 works of art that will be on display.
今天，京演集团线上演出品牌——京演剧场也将上线。	Today, its online display brand, Beijing Performance & Arts Theater, will also start its own business.
疫情期间，京演集团旗下院团“停演不停‘艺’，停工不停‘功’”储备佳作。	During the pandemic, troupes under the group “stopped its shows but never ended its ‘art’, stopped their work but never quit ‘practicing’”, and have prepared dazzling works of art for the future.
中国杂技团将推出《杂技魅影》《天地宝藏》《未来之星的梦》三部全新剧目，融合球技、芭蕾对手顶、蹬伞、单杆、滑稽、空竹、地圈等精彩绝伦的花样杂技表演节目。	The Chinese Acrobatic Troupe will launch three new works: Phantom of Acrobatics, Treasures of Heaven and Earth, and Dream of Future Stars, which integrate multiple acrobatic shows including ball skills, ballet pairs, umbrella-twirling, single bar gymnastics, comedy, diabolo, floor spinning, and more.
中国评剧院“六十五载璀璨历史、清莲雅韵再创辉煌”演出季也将拉开帷幕，届时老、中、青三代戏骨将同台献艺，共同见证和庆祝建院65周年的辉煌时刻。	Chinese Pingju Theater’s performance season “A Splendid 65 years, More Wondrous Elegance” is approaching, in which competing actors of different ages will perform on the same stage, jointly bearing witness to and celebrating the wonderful moments of its 65th anniversary.
据悉，中国评剧院现有大戏剧目储备30部，折子戏14出，其中包括《花为媒》《母亲》《良宵》《藏地彩虹》《无双传》《新亭泪》等。	According to reports, there are 30 works to be shown at the Chinese Pingju Theatre, alongside with 14 opera highlights, which include Flower is a Go-between, Mother, Enjoyable Light, Rainbow in Tibet, Project Gutenberg, and Tears in the New Pavilion.
深受小观众喜爱的北京儿童艺术剧院和中国木偶剧院也纷纷拿出“看家”本领，等待着与小朋友再次相聚。	The Beijing Theatre for Children and the Chinese Puppet Theatre, which are deeply beloved by children, also used their “core” competitiveness”, to await their reunion with children.
中国木偶剧院正紧锣密鼓地准备大型原创木偶剧《长城长》和大型卡通舞台剧《熊猫和小鼹鼠垃圾分类之环保小卫士》。	Chinese Puppet Theatre is busy with the large original puppet show The Long Great Wall and the large cartoon stage show Panda and Mole’s Waste Classification Environmental Protector.
北京儿童艺术剧院酝酿已久的小剧场话剧《十四天》已经完成剧本创作，开始进入排练阶段，计划8月底首演；经典IP剧《你看起来好像很好吃》将于10月至12月在12个城市开展巡演。	The stage play Fourteen Days from the Beijing Theatre for Children, which has long been in preparation, is now finished with its script writing and is in rehearsal, and is projected to give its first show by the end of August; the classic IP You Seems to Be Tasty will tour 12 cities from October to December.
北京歌剧舞剧院也在有条不紊地进行《逐梦》《万马奔腾》等10个精品小型舞蹈和《新时代之歌》《北京之恋》《爱的桥梁》等经典歌曲的复排工作。	The Beijing Dance and Opera Theatre is also rehearsing its 10 small dance shows including Chasing the Dream, Galloping Horses, and bringing back rehearsals of classical songs such as The Song of the New Era, Love in Beijing, and Bridge of Love.
值得一提的是，将在年底上演的京演集团年度力作——音乐剧《在远方》也在井井有条地开展排练工作。	One thing worth mention is that the annual masterpiece of Beijing Performance & Arts Group, the musical play In the Distance, is also in regular rehearsal.
北京民族乐团、北京市河北梆子剧团、北京市曲剧团和北京曲艺团也都有诸多好戏佳作等待“剧场开门之日”上演。	The Beijing National Orchestra, Beijing Bangzi Troupe, Beijing Opera Troupe, and Beijing Traditional Folk Arts Troupe also have many masterpieces planned for “resumption day”.
继5月推出首届线上演出季之后，京演集团整合旗下九家院团优质演艺资源打造的线上演出品牌“京演剧场”，今日正式上线。	After launching its first online performance season in May, the Beijing Performance & Arts Group is now integrating the best resources of its nine troupes to build an online performance brand, “Beijing Performance & Arts Theatre”, which will be available today.
京演剧场旨在打造艺术品类最齐全的全天候网络剧场，其中既有集院团优秀、经典节目的“线上惠民演出季”，还有“名家说戏·经典回放”“云端微课堂”“京演有戏，相伴周五”等不同板块。	It aims to build a 24-hour online theatre with the most comprehensive types of art, including an “online reciprocal performance season” which displays its extraordinary and classical shows, and other different modules such as “Comments of Masters - Playback of Classics”, “Cloud Micro Classroom”, and “Shows to Accompany Your Fridays”.
今天，北京民族乐团将作为首位“嘉宾”亮相京演剧场，为观众带来一场既充满创意又不乏情怀的《国·潮》弹幕音乐会。	Today, the Beijing National Orchestra will be the first “guest” at the theatre, giving a creative and charming concert with the title of Fashion of the Nation.
各部门积极落实防汛措施确保运输安全-中新网	Sectors Actively Implementing Flood Control Measures to Assure Transportation Safety-ChinaNews.com
新华社北京7月26日电(记者樊曦)入夏以来，我国多地遭受强降雨侵袭。	Xinhua News Agency, Bejing, July 26 (reported by Fan Xi) Since the start of summer, multiple regions in China have been suffering from heavy rainfall.
为做好暑运防汛和运输安全工作，各部门坚守岗位，加强隐患排查整治，强化应急处置，全面落实各项防汛措施。	To carry out flood control and transportation safety work for summer transportation, all sectors shall hold their positions, enhance inspection and remediation, and reinforce emergency response to implement flood control measures comprehensively.
来自中国国家铁路集团有限公司的最新统计显示，铁路部门已累计出动检查人员28万余人次，排查桥梁9万余座、隧道1.7万余座、涵洞24万余座。	As the latest statistics from China Railway indicate, the railway system has dispatched 280,000 in-person inspections, inspected over 90,000 bridges, 17,000 tunnels, and 240,000 culverts.
7月1日以来，全国铁路主要干线和货运通道保持安全畅通、总体运输秩序良好，跨铁路局直通旅客列车始发、运行、到达正点率分别达到97.7%、87.1%、86.8%。	Since July 1, national transportation has been running in a generally orderly manner, with major railway arteries and cargo channels maintaining safe and smooth operation, and with on-schedule rate for cross-region passenger trains at departure, en route, and arrival at 97.7%, 87.1%, and 86.8%, respectively.
中国铁路南昌局集团有限公司调度所强化应急处置，指定专人负责动态跟踪掌握防洪机具、路料储备和存放情况，遇突发灾害故障，迅速通报信息、启动应急响应。	The dispatching office of the China Railway Nanchang Bureau Group has enhanced its emergency response, and has designated personnel for tracking reserves and storage status of flood control equipment, tools, and materials so that when emergency disasters or failures occur, communication and emergency responses can be launched quickly.
近期，面对强降雨导致上游形成堰塞湖对宜万铁路清江大桥造成的安全威胁，中国铁路武汉局集团有限公司宜昌综合维修段组织专业技术人员24小时监控清江大桥，并与当地应急部门建立全天候沟通机制，及时掌握和处理险情隐患。	Lately, a barrier lake on the upper stream formed by heavy rainfall has posed a safety hazard to Qingjiang Bridge on the Yichang-Wanzhou Railway, so the Yichang comprehensive maintenance team of China Railway Wuhan Bureau Group deployed specialists to monitor Qingjiang Bridge around the clock and established a 24/7 communication mechanism with local emergency departments to obtain information and deal with potential risks in time.
为确保夏季运输用电安全，国网青岛市即墨区供电公司结合汛期气候特点，与当地气象、铁路部门密切合作，加强辖区内铁路供电线路和设施设备巡视和隐患排查，强化线路走廊出现山体滑坡、塌陷、泥石流等相关事故的应急处置。	To ensure electric safety during summer transportation, in consideration of the climate features during the flood season, the State Grid Qingdao Jimo District Power Supply Company established close collaboration with local meteorology and railway authorities to enhance inspection of railway power lines and equipment, as well as to reinforce emergency response to landslides, subsidence, debris flow, and similar along the power line corridor.
为进一步做好防汛防台工作，东方航空技术有限公司成立应急抢险预备队，开展防汛防灾知识培训，并根据每日天气和台风等预警情况，制定航班计划，对沿海地区停场飞机做好运行恢复前的准备工作和相关应急预案。	To further implement flood and typhoon control measures, Eastern Airlines Technology is setting up a emergency rescue reserve team, conducting training on flood and disaster prevention, making flight schedules based on daily weather conditions and typhoon alerts, as well as developing preparations and emergency plans for grounded planes in coastal areas before resuming operation.
新书爆料：哈利王子觉得哥哥“势利傲慢”	Explosive allegation in new book: Prince Harry thinks his older brother is “snobbish and arrogant”
英国《泰晤士报》和《星期日泰晤士报》连载名为《寻找自由 》（Finding Freedom）的新书，内容描绘哈利王子（Prince Harry）与妻子梅根（Meghan Markle）的王室生活心路历程。	UK newspapers The Times and The Sunday Times are serializing a new book called “Finding Freedom”, which describes the royal life and experiences of Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle.
但路透社报导，哈利和梅根已和这本书撇清关系，说他们未接受作者访问，也未提供任何内容。	However, according to a report from Reuters, Harry and Meghan have disassociated themselves from the book, claiming that they refused to be interviewed by the author and did not provide any content for it.
《星期日泰晤士报》报导，新书引述消息人士表示，哈利和梅根婚前约会时，威廉王子（Prince William）想确认原是好莱坞女星的梅根对哈利是否别有用心。	The Sunday Times reports that the new book quotes sources who claim that before their marriage, when Meghan and Harry were dating, Prince William wanted to confirm that Meghan, at the time a Hollywood actress, had no ulterior motives in marrying Harry.
根据消息人士转述，威廉当时曾对哈利说：“你别感觉有必要仓促（娶梅根）。	One of the sources described William saying to Harry at the time, “Don’t let yourself be rushed (into marrying Meghan).
你可以尽量花时间去了解这个女孩。”	Take as much time as you can to get to know this girl. “
报导说，当哈利听到威廉用“这个女孩”形容梅根，他从哥哥语气中感受到傲慢势利，他也认为自己不再需要他人照顾提醒。	The report states that when Harry heard William describe Meghan as “this girl”, he thought his brother’s words were arrogant and snobbish, and that he felt he no longer needed to consider the opinions of others in the matter.
哈利和梅根今年1月宣布计划过更独立的生活，并将自食其力。	In January of this year, Harry and Meghan announced their plans to live a more independent life and support themselves economically.
两人3月正式卸下王室高阶成员身分后，目前带著儿子亚契（Archie）住在美国洛杉矶追求新事业。	In March, the couple formally renounced their status as high-ranking members of the royal family, and at present they live in Los Angeles with their son Archie, where they are pursuing new careers.
哈利和梅根在2018年5月结婚。	Harry and Meghan were married in May of 2018.
当时这场婚姻被视为为英国王室注入好莱坞的光鲜亮丽和新时代气息，两人也因此成为当代全球最受瞩目的名人夫妻档之一。	At the time, the marriage was seen as a way to bring Hollywood glamor and new energy into the British royal family, making the pair one of the world’s most prominent and scrutinized celebrity couples.
带伞！	Take an Umbrella with You!
今日北京雨水来“退烧” 最高气温降至29℃-新华网	Beijing's Highest Temperature Drops to 29℃ as the Rain Comes to 'Reduce the Fever' - Xinhua
今天（7月26日），降雨将再次光临京城，最高气温也会降至29℃，提醒公众外出注意携带雨具，注意交通安全。	(July 26) On July 26, it rained again in Beijing, and the highest temperature dropped to 29℃, so the public should carry the rain gear and pay attention to traffic safety when going out.
昨天，北京天空云量较多，午后城区大部分地区的最高气温都超过了33℃，且湿度较前几天有所增加，闷热感提升。	Yesterday, it was cloudy in Beijing, and the highest temperature in most parts of the city exceeded 33℃ in the afternoon, while the humidity increased compared with the previous days, and strengthening the sultry feeling .
伴随着冷空气的到来，降雨将再度光临京城。	Along with the arrival of the cold air, it will rain again in Beijing.
预计今天白天，北京阴天间多云，有分散性阵雨（伴有弱雷电），南风二三间四级，最高气温29℃；夜间阴有小到中雨（伴有弱雷电），南转北风一二级，最低气温23℃。	It is estimated that during the day, Beijing will be cloudy with scattered showers (accompanied by weak thunder and lightning), the south wind will be between Level 2-Level 4, and the highest temperature will be 29℃; at night, it will be cloudy with light to moderate rain (accompanied by weak thunder and lightning), and the south wind will change to north wind at Level 1-2, and the lowest temperature will be 23℃.
明天，北京仍会有雷阵雨天气，最高气温30℃。	Tomorrow, there will still be thunderstorms in Beijing, with a high temperature of 30 ℃.
专家提醒，今明两天多阴雨天气，外出需带雨具，注意防雷避雨和交通安全，尽量避免山区活动，防范地质灾害。	Experts reminded us that it will be rainy today and tomorrow, so residents need to take rain gear when going out, pay attention to lightning protection, rain shelter, and traffic safety, and avoid mountain activities to avoid geology hazards.
黑龙江开展冒用知名医院名称清理整治专项行动-中新网	Heilongjiang Launched a Special Rectification Campaign Targeting the Fraudulent Use of Famed Hospital Names - China News
近年来，一些医疗机构名称出现不规范、不适宜问题，在未经依法授权的情况下擅自冒用知名医疗机构名称，对人民群众看病就医造成误导。	In recent years, some medical institutions name themselves in a nonstandard and inappropriate manner, or use the names of famed medical institutions without authorization according to the law, delivering misinformation to people when they seek medical treatment.
经查询国家企业信用信息公示系统，黑龙江省已登记注册的医疗机构名称中，有部分出现“协和”等知名医疗机构字样，并利用“协和”等知名医院名义对外开展经营，扰乱了正常医疗秩序，造成恶劣社会影响。	After checking the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System, some registered medical institutions in Heilongjiang Province have the same Chinese words in their names as Peking Union Medical College Hospital (“Xie He”) and other well-known medical institutions, which carry out business under this disguise, disrupting the normal medical order and causing a devastating social impact.
与此同时，将以此为契机，开展形式多样的普法宣传活动，提高市场主体责任意识、依法维权意识和守法经营意识。	At the same time, Heilongjiang will use this as an opportunity to raise awareness of responsibility among market entities through various publicity activities, focusing on the consciousness of rights safeguarding according to law and the awareness of law-abiding operations.
通过畅通投诉举报渠道，向社会公开曝光一批影响恶劣的典型案例，形成震慑效应。	By opening up channels for complaints and reports, a number of typical cases with bad effects will be revealed to the society to create a deterrent effect.
30个电竞项目落户，上海浦东拓展在线新经济“新赛道 ” - 新华网	With 30 E-sports Projects Launched, Pudong, Shanghai Expands the "New Track" of the Online New Economy - XinhuaNet
新华社上海7月25日电（记者滕佳妮）24日，30个重点电竞项目落地上海浦东新区，从场馆、赛事到企业，涵盖电竞产业发展全门类，预计带动区域电竞游戏产业新增百亿元营收。	Shanghai, July 25 (Xinhua, Teng Jiani) On July 24, a total of 30 major E-sports projects were launched in Pudong New Area of Shanghai, covering all categories of E-sports industry development, covering venues, events, and enterprises, which are expected to boost the regional E-sports game industry by RMB 10 billion.
以电竞游戏为代表的数字文化产业将成为浦东在线新经济新的增长点，助力上海打造全球电竞之都。	The digital culture industry, represented by E-sports games, will become a new growth point for Pudong's online new economy and help Shanghai build itself into a global E-sports capital.
电竞场馆方面，在已有的梅奔文化中心、东方体育中心等顶级赛事场馆基础上，包括文体融合场馆浦东足球场、专业电竞空间森兰电竞馆以及东昌弈空间等新一批场馆确认落地浦东。	In terms of the E-sports venues, on the basis of existing top-level venues such as the Mercedes-Benz Arena and the Oriental Sports Center, a new group of venues including the Pudong Football Stadium, a cultural and sports integration venue, Sunland E-sports Hall, a professional E-sports space, and the ESA Space have been confirmed to be launched in Pudong.
上海外高桥集团森兰置地总经理王海松告诉记者，森兰电竞馆约1500平方米的室内场馆可以容纳1000人，目前正在建设中，预计明年3月引进赛事，电竞馆旁将配建12万平方米绿化公园，结合电竞泛娱乐业态，引进动漫二次元等娱乐元素。	Wang Haisong, general manager of Shanghai Waigaoqiao Free Trade Zone Group Sunland Real Estate, told reporters that the roughly 1,500 square meter indoor stadium of the Sunland E-sports Hall, currently under construction, could accommodate 1,000 people, is expected to start hosing events in March next year, and the E-sports Hall will be equipped with a green park of 120,000 square meters, which will include entertainment elements such as animation in combination with the E-sports pan-entertainment business.
电竞配套产业方面，浦东着力完善产业链布局。	In terms of E-sports supporting industries, Pudong has made great efforts to improve its industry chain offerings.
网易龙之队等世界冠军战队在签约活动上落户亮相，全国唯一的游戏电竞电视数字频道 — — 游戏风云移师浦东发展。	The NetEase Dragons and other world champion teams made their debut at the signing ceremony, and Gamefy, the only game E-sports TV digital channel in China, moved to Pudong for development.
赛事方面，浦东积极争取国际国内顶级赛事落地，打造不落幕的电竞赛季。	In terms of events, Pudong actively strives to land top international and domestic events to create an endless E-sports season.
2020和平精英国际冠军杯、西甲电竞等一批电竞赛事宣布在浦东举办。	A number of E-sports events such as the 2020 PEC and eLaLiga Santander were announced to be held in Pudong.
企业方面，浦东着重推动头部企业落地。	In terms of enterprises, Pudong focuses on promoting the landing of leading enterprises.
如纳原信息计划在浦东陆续推出数十款游戏产品，网易暴雪、完美世界、盛趣游戏等也将积极推出新的项目，争取形成百亿元级营收。	For example, Nayuaninfo plans to launch dozens of game products in Pudong, and NetEase Blizzard, Perfect World, Shengqu Games, and other enterprises will also actively launch new projects, striving to generate revenue of tens of billions of RMB .
统计显示，当前浦东的电竞游戏产业规模占到上海的三分之一。	Statistics show that the current scale of Pudong's E-sports game industry accounts for one third of that of Shanghai.
腾讯、网易等一批电竞游戏头部企业落地浦东，TI9、王者荣耀冬季赛等一批顶级赛事在浦东举办，浦东正在成为上海电竞产业发展的“强心脏 ” 。	A number of leading e-sports enterprises, such as Tencent and NetEase, have settled in Pudong, and a number of top competitions, such as TI9 and the Honor of Kings WinterChampion Cup, have been held in Pudong, which is becoming the "strong heart" of Shanghai’s E-sports industry development.
优质电竞产业在浦东的集聚，也离不开相关政策的扶持。	The agglomeration of high-quality E-sports industry actors in Pudong is also inseparable from the support of relevant policies.
近期，中国游戏产业研究院落地浦东，为业界制定高标准规范。	Recently, the Chinese Game Industry Research Institute was set up in Pudong to establish high standards for the industry.
浦东的群星职校被授牌为“上海市职业教育电子竞技专业试点学校”，为电竞产业人才培养奠定基础。	The Qunxing Vocational School in Pudong has been named a "Shanghai Vocational Education E-sports Professional Pilot School", laying the foundation for E-sports industry talent training.
电竞运动员注册制率先在浦东落地，进一步提高电竞选手的职业化水平。	The registration system for E-sports players was first implemented in Pudong, which further improves professionalism among E-sports players.
浦东新区文体旅游局局长黄玮表示，围绕上海打造“全球电竞之都”的目标，浦东提出建设“上海电竞产业发展核心功能区”。	Huang Wei, director of the Culture, Sports, and Tourism Bureau of Pudong New Area, said that Pudong proposed building a "Shanghai E-sports industry development core functional area" to make Shanghai the "global capital of E-sports".
下一步浦东将继续聚焦重点赛事、重点企业，加快发展并形成产业链条。	In its next steps, Pudong will continue to focus on key sports events and enterprises to accelerate the development and form an industrial chain.
利用上海自贸试验区的政策，为提升电竞产业总体发展先行先试、探索创新，形成可复制可推广的经验。	With the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone policy, Pudong will try and innovate in order to promote the overall development of E-sports industry and form a replicable and propagable experience.
首都剧场明天迎疫情后首批观众-新华网	Capital Theater receives first post-pandemic audience tomorrow - Xinhuanet
北京人艺将于明天下午2点推出经典作品《推销员之死》剧本朗读，在首都剧场迎来久违的观众。	Beijing People's Art Theatre will hold a script reading of “Death of a Salesman” tomorrow at 2:00 p.m., marking the first time in a long time that a live audience will be welcomed at Capital Theater.
在“坚持常态防控、有序开放、预约限流”的前提下，北京人艺将严格执行人员预约限流措施，确保总观众人数不超过剧场座位数的30%， 保障观众间隔就坐并保持1米以上距离。	Under the preconditions of “upholding normal prevention and control measures, opening in an orderly fashion, and reservations to restrict visitation”, Beijing People's Art Theatre will implement a strict reservation system to limit crowds and ensure that the total audience in attendance is not more than 30% of the theater’s total capacity and that all viewers are seated at least 1 meter apart.
同时，剧场在日常值守、清洁消毒、检测登记、垃圾清理、场地巡查、安全管理等方面也做好了充足准备。	At the same time, the theater is fully prepared for tasks such as daily attendance, cleaning and disinfection, testing and registration, garbage cleanup, site inspections, and safety management.
本次活动仅对持有人艺之友联谊会实体会员卡的观众开放电话订票，因限流要求，每人限订一张，订满为止。	Tickets for this event are limited to holders of physical “Friends of People's Art Theatre” membership card holders who reserve by phone, and due to capacity restrictions, each person may only reserve one ticket until reservation capacity is reached.
活动采取实名制订票、入场，演出当天，订票人须持本人身份证原件及演出票，佩戴口罩、保持1米以上间隔距离有序检票入场。	The event will use a real-name system for ticket reservation and venue entry, and on the day of the event, those with ticket reservations must bring their original ID documents and tickets, wear a mask, remain one meter apart, and check their tickets and enter the venue in an orderly fashion.
观演期间须全程佩戴口罩，尽量避免直接交谈。	During the performance, masks must be worn at all times and direct conversation must be avoided as much as possible.
《推销员之死》是著名编剧阿瑟·米勒的代表作，自1949年创作完成之后，在世界范围内都有着广泛的声望。	“Death of a Salesman” is a classic work by well-known screenwriter Arthur Miller that has gained wide renown around the world since its creation in 1949.
上世纪八十年代，在英若诚等人的斡旋下，阿瑟·米勒来到中国，为北京人艺排演了自己这部作品。	In the 1980’s, with the help of mediation by Ying Ruocheng and others, Arthur Miller visited China to participate in rehearsals of his work by Beijing People's Art Theatre.
本次剧本朗读完全由北京人艺青年演员班底构成，在导演唐烨的带领下进行了两周的排练，每个人都创作了人物小传以便深入剖析人物，以期能够在近40年后，经过重新审视，让这部现实主义戏剧佳作重新焕发魅力的光芒。	The current script reading is composed of young performers from Beijing People's Art Theatre, and will be held for two weeks under director Tang Ye; each performer created a biography of his or her own character to more deeply understand their own characterization, and now, 40 years after the first performances, this reexamination of the realist drama serves as a means for the play to regain its former glory.
今天，2020湖南红色旅游文化节暨湘潭首届红色文化产业博览会开幕式在韶山举行。	Today, the opening ceremony of the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism and Culture Festival and the first Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan.
省委常委、省委宣传部部长张宏森宣布红色旅游文化节开幕，副省长吴桂英讲话。	Zhang Hongsen, a member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and director of the Publicity Department of the Provincial Party Committee, announced the opening of the Red Tourism and Culture Festival, and Vice Governor Wu Guiying delivered a speech.
湖南红色旅游文化节已成功举办16届，是全国红色旅游的知名品牌。	The Hunan Red Tourism and Culture Festival has been successfully held for 16 years, making it a famous red tourism brand in China.
本届节会由省委宣传部、省文化和旅游厅、湘潭市委市政府共同主办。	The festival is jointly organized by the Publicity Department of the Provincial Party Committee, the Provincial Department of Culture and Tourism, and the Xiangtan Municipal Party Committee and Government.
吴桂英说，本次节会的举办，对于贯彻落实习近平总书记“要把红色资源利用好、把红色传统发扬好、把红色基因传承好”的重要指示，进一步抓好我省红色旅游发展，促进文旅市场复苏，让“红色力量”凝聚成建设富饶美丽幸福新湖南的广泛合力，具有重要意义。	Wu Guiying said that holding this festival will play an important role in carrying out the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping to "make good use of red resources, carry forward the red tradition, and do a good job of passing on red genes", thereby further accelerating the development of red tourism in the province, promoting the recovery of the cultural and tourism market, and making "Red Power" a cohesive force to build a revitalized, rich, beautiful, and happy new Hunan.
对于弘扬红色文化、传承红色精神，激发文旅消费，推动湖南文旅高质量发展，必将发挥更积极的推动作用。	It will play an active role in promoting red culture, passing on the red spirit, stimulating the consumption of cultural tourism, and promoting the high-quality development of cultural tourism in Hunan.
开幕式上，“红动湘赣•礼赞中国”红舞邀请赛、“重走长征路，穿越湘赣边”两项活动同时启动。	At the opening ceremony, the red dance invitational competitions "Red Rocking Hunan and Jiangxi - Praising China" and "Reexperiencing the Long Match, Crossing the Boundaries of Hunan and Jiangxi" were launched at the same time.
节会期间，还将举办湘潭产业项目招商推介及签约仪式、红色旅游五好讲解员论坛暨红色教育培训研讨会、红色智慧文旅体验展及新技术分享、“湘水同源，文化同根”湖南山歌邀请赛等活动。	During the festival, the Xiangtan Industrial Project Investment Promotion and Signing Ceremony, Red Tourism Five Good Commentator Forum and Red Education Training Seminar, Red Smart Culture and Tourism Experience Exhibition and New Technology Sharing Event, "Hunan Water of the Same Source, Culture of the Same Root" Hunan Folk Song Invitational Competition, and other activities will be held.
开幕式期间，张宏森、吴桂英等领导和嘉宾到湘潭首届红色文化产业博览会现场巡展，并观看《中国出了个毛泽东》实景演出。	During the opening ceremony, Zhang Hongsen, Wu Guiying, and other leaders and guests toured the first Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo and watched the live performance of "China Produced a Mao Zedong".
青海湖畔“花海直播间 ”：“甜蜜”带货助农增收-中新网	Qinghai Lake “Sea of Flowers Livecast Studio”: “Sweetness“ increases farmer income - chinanews.com
2020-07-26 19:43:50 来源：中国新闻网 作者：苏亦瑜 责任编辑：苏亦瑜	2020-07-26 19:43:50 Source: chinanews.com Writer: Su Yiyu Editor: Su Yiyu
图为北京厚德礼蜂业有限公司总裁邬娜（左）推介青海蜂产品。	Image: Wu Na (left), CEO of Beijing Houdeli Bee Products, promoting Qinghai apiary products.
马铭言 摄	Photographer: Ma Mingyan
中新网青海海南7月26日电 题：青海湖畔“花海直播间”：“甜蜜”带货助农增收	chinanews.com, South Qinghai Lake, reported July 26th, headline: Qinghai Lake “Sea of Flowers Livecast Studio”: “Sweetness“ increases farmer income
作者 胡贵龙 潘雨洁	Writers: Hu Guilong, Pan Yujie
“盛夏青海湖畔，满眼金花、万蜂飞舞，这里海拔较高、昼夜温差大、空气污染少，强烈的光照孕育了最顽强、慷慨的蜂群，造就了青海蜂王浆高活性、高蛋白、富含营养价值、低糖低脂的特点。”	“At Qinghai Lake in midsummer, there are golden flowers as far as the eye can see, and innumerable bees flying everywhere; the high elevation is high, large temperature difference between night and day, low air pollution, and strong illumination breeds the most resilient and fertile bee colonies which create the highly active, protein-rich, and nutritious Qinghai royal jelly, which is also low in sugar and fat, “
26日，青海省海南藏族自治州工业和信息管理局副局长张建勋表示。	said Zhang Jianxun, assistant director of the Industry and Information Administration of Hainan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province.
当日，“同心战疫春浆助农”蜂产品直播带货活动在青海湖畔举行，中国蜂产品协会及企业家代表、蜂农等多方齐聚共同推介青海特色蜂产品，线上线下共计销售近一万瓶青海高原蜂王浆，带货总额近380万元。	The same day, the “Fighting the Epidemic Together Spring Royal Jelly Farmer Assistance” livecast sales event was held at Qinghai Lake, at which company representatives from the Chinese Bee Products Association, beekeepers, and many others came together to promote Qinghai’s bee products, selling nearly 10,000 bottles of Qinghai Plateau royal jelly for a value of almost 3.8 million yuan.
图为蜂农现场展示蜂产品。	Image: Beekeepers at the event displaying their products.
据悉，此次直播带货活动借助北京厚德礼蜂业连锁店网络、快手、淘宝等国内知名蜂产品零售企业、直播、电商平台，促成“企业+蜂农+种植户”的交流合作，并通过线上、线下渠道持续向消费者发放“青海高原春浆消费券”， 预计企业全年让利总额近528万元。	According to reports, this livecast sales event helped the Beijing Houdeli Bee Products, Kuaishou, Taobao, and other well-known chain store networks, live broadcast platforms, and e-commerce platforms promote “enterprise + apiary + grower” exchange and cooperation, connect online and offline channels, and continue to issue “Qinghai Plateau Spring Jelly Consumption Vouchers” to consumers, helping these customers earn an estimated total annual profit of nearly 5.28 million yuan.
对此，北京厚德礼蜂业股份有限公司总裁邬娜认为“很值得”：“此举能够扩大青海蜂产品的知名度，吸引更多消费者了解、喜欢无添加纯天然的蜂产品，带动蜂农增收。”	Wu Na, CEO of Beijing Houdeli Bee Products, said the event was “very worthwhile”: “This event helps grow the popularity of Qinghai bee products, helps more consumers to learn about and appreciate pure, natural bee products without additives, and drives beekeeper income growth.” “
目前，该公司已与青海云蜜蜂业有限公司、青海花宝蜂业股份合作公司签订生产合作战略协议，冀共同推动青海当地蜂产业长足发展。	Currently, the company has signed strategic production cooperation agreements with Qinghai Cloud Honey LTD and Qinghai Huabao Bee Industry Holdings LTD, and they will work together to promote the rapid development of Qinghai’s bee products industry.
图为青海湖畔油菜花海。	Image: Rape blossoms beside Qinghai Lake.
今春，各地因疫情防控需要设置道路通行关卡，蜂农们“追花逐蜜”的路途受阻，许多蜜蜂因错过花期、缺少食物而死亡，蜂农收入受到严重影响。	This spring, due to roadblocks set up to control the epidemic, beekeepers have been blocked from their usual “following the flowers to produce honey” routes, many bees have died of starvation because they missed the flowering periods, and beekeeper incomes have suffered a sharp decline.
“一年到头，蜂农们跟随花期长途跋涉，从云南、四川一路向北迁往西北地区，他们风餐露宿、居无定所，十分辛苦。	Throughout the year, beekeepers typically travel long distances to follow the flowering periods, from Yunnan and Sichuan all the way to the northwest, they are exposed to the weather and have no fixed residence, and it’s very difficult work.
作为企业，我们有责任帮助他们。”	We have a responsibility as entrepreneurs to help them, “
邬娜称。	said Wu Na.
“小蜜蜂是‘环境侦察兵’，污染严重的地区蜜蜂也无法生存。”中国蜂产品协会常务副会长赵小川介绍，蜜蜂授粉是生态链的重要环节，对于保护植物的多样性和改善生态环境有着不可替代的作用。	“Bees are ‘nature’s advance scouts’, because they can’t survive in heavily polluted areas. “ Zhao Xiaochuan, deputy secretary of the China Bee Products Association, explained that pollination by bees is a very important link in the ecological chain, and that it plays an irreplaceable role in protecting plant diversity and improving the environment.
同时，蜜蜂授粉能使农作物增产提质，特别在广种而管理条件差的地区，授粉的意义更大。	Bee pollination also increases the yield and quality of crops, and is even more important in regions with a wide diversity of crops and poor farm management.
研究数据显示，授粉能够使油菜增产15% - 30%左右。	Research data proves that pollination improves rapeseed yields by 15-30%.
图为中国蜂产品协会常务副会长赵小川(右)推介青海蜂产品。	Image: Zhao Xiaochuan (right), deputy secretary of the China Bee Products Association, introducing Qinghai bee products.
“蜜蜂授粉创造的经济、生态和社会效益远大于蜂产品本身的价值，蜂产业在人类健康、农作物生产、植被繁衍、生态保护方面潜力巨大，而人们一直对此知之甚少。”	“The economic, environmental, and social benefits of bee pollination go far beyond the mere value of the bee products, and the apiary industry has enormous potential in the areas of human health, plant reproduction, and environmental protection, but there has never been wide awareness of this fact, “
赵小川表示。	said Zhao Xiaochuan.
而如今，养蜂人数越来越少，除了常年奔波在外的蜂农，尚有许多行动不便的贫困户选择以蜂箱入股合作社。	The number of beekeepers is declining, but in addition to the traveling industry professionals, there are also many poor households with limited mobility who practice beekeepers as part of cooperatives.
“国家有资金支持，我们联系技术人员帮助指导，蜂农对市场环境缺乏了解与判断，要打开销路也需政府、企业、产业协会的帮助与协调。”	“The country offers financial support, and we’ve contacted technology experts for help and guidance, but beekeepers lack understanding and discernment of the market environment, so opening new markets requires help and coordination from government, enterprises, and industry associations, “
赵小川说。	said Zhao Xiaochuan.
“希望大家在未来更多关注、帮扶养蜂群体，”邬娜表示，“我们的蜂产品也严格按照国家标准进行筛选和管控，保证品质，在帮助蜂农的同时保护消费者权益。”	“I hope people will pay more attention to beekeepers and offer them support in the future,” said Wu Na. “And as we strive to help beekeepers, we strictly adhere to national standards in the selection and control of our bee products to ensure quality and protect the rights of consumers.” “
受持续降雨影响，自7月22日以来，重庆武隆区土地乡六井村中台组中堡滑坡后缘土体开裂，出现大面积滑移变形，完全阻断沿沧河，形成坝前水位13米、估测库容水量约55万立方米的堰塞体。	Affected by continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil at the rear edge of the Zhongbao landslide in the Zhongtai group, Liujing village, Tudi township, Wulong district, Chongqing has cracked, causing a large area of ​​slippage and deformation, completely blocking the Yancang River and forming a weir body with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and an estimated reservoir capacity of about 550,000 cubic meters.
为确保通航安全，重庆海事部门决定对长江界石盘至观音滩水域实施临时交通管制。	In order to ensure navigation safety, the Chongqing Maritime Safety Administration has decided to implement temporary traffic control in the waters from Shipan (the boundary of the Yangtze River) to Guanyintan.
据重庆气象和水文部门监测，自25日起，重庆中西部及东北部地区普遍中雨到大雨，部分地区暴雨，局地大暴雨。	According to the Chongqing monitoring of meteorological and hydrological departments, since the 25th, there has been moderate to heavy rain in the central and western and northeast areas of Chongqing, rainstorms in some areas, and heavy rainstorm in some localized areas.
涪江小河坝站将于26日晚出现最高水位，最高水位接近警戒水位。	The highest water level of Xiaoheba station in Fujiang River will appear on the evening of the 26th, which is close to the warning level.
为确保通航安全，重庆海事部门决定，对长江界石盘至观音滩水域实施临时交通管制。。	In order to ensure navigation safety, the Chongqing Maritime Safety Administration decided to implement temporary traffic controls in the waters from Shipan (the boundary of the Yangtze River) to Guanyintan. .
经重庆市防办与气象、水利、水文等部门和单位紧急会商研判，重庆市防汛抗旱指挥部决定发布江河洪水Ⅲ级预警信息，启动防汛Ⅳ级应急响应。	Chongqing flood control and drought relief headquarters decided to issue Level III warning information for river flooding and begin a Level IV emergency response after emergency consultation between the meteorological, water conservancy, hydrological and other departments and organizations.
重庆市防汛抗旱指挥部要求，重庆江北、沙坪坝、潼南、武隆等区县及重庆市防指有关成员单位要高度关注雨水情，尤其是长江、嘉陵江、乌江涨水变化，提前分析研判、发布预警、加强巡查值守，坚决果断疏散转移受威胁区域人民群众，及时调集应急救援队伍和物资，快速高效处置灾(险)情，避免群死群伤事件发生。	The Chongqing flood control and drought relief headquarters instructed that Jiangbei, Shapingba, Tongnan, Wulong and other districts and counties in Chongqing and relevant offices of the Chongqing flood control and drought relief headquarters should pay close attention to the rain and water situation, especially flood changes on the Yangtze River, Jialing River, and Wujiang River, analyze and judge the situation in advance, issue early warnings, strengthen patrols and safeguards, resolutely and decisively evacuate and transfer people in threatened areas, and mobilize emergency rescue teams and goods in a timely manner, quickly and efficiently deal with disasters (dangers), and avoid mass deaths and injuries.
越南驻老挝大使馆公使衔参赞郑氏心、在老挝越南佛教协会、老挝越南人总会、万象省政府代表、老挝老兵协会等代表一同参加了祭奠仪式。	The Minister-Counselor of the Vietnamese Embassy in Laos, Zheng Shixin, attended the memorial ceremony alongside representatives of the Laos Vietnamese Buddhism Association, the Lao Vietnamese Association, the Vientianne provincial government, and the Laos Veterans Association.
英烈祭奠仪式在庄严肃穆的气氛中举行，各位代表陆续向英烈们上香，缅怀英烈们的丰功伟绩及越老特殊团结关系。	The memorial ceremony for the fallen veterans had a solemn, somber atmosphere as the representatives made offerings of incense to the deceased in turn, praised the courageous achievements of the war heroes, and praised the special relationship between Vietnam and Laos.
公使衔参赞郑氏心在讲话中表示，这是在老越南人和老挝人民共同缅怀两国革命英烈，一起对为两国独立自由牺牲的英烈表达感恩之心的机会，同时也是两国人民回顾两国并肩协作打击共同敌人，争取民族独立，国家统一，共同建设国家发展，巩固两国关系的良好机会。	In her speech, Minister-Counselor Zheng Shixin said that this was an opportunity for the Lao Vietnamese and Lao people to remember the sacrifices of both countries’ revolutionary heroes, and to express their gratitude for those who laid down their lives for the two countries’ independence, but it was also a chance for the people of both countries to recall how they fought side by side against a common enemy, struggled for the independence of their peoples and to unify their countries, and worked together to build and develop their countries, making it the perfect occasion to solidify relations between the two nations.
74年前的1946年1月23日， 老越战斗联盟的28名战士在进攻Phonehe据点时英勇牺牲。	On January 23rd, 1946, exactly 74 years ago, 28 soldiers of the allied Lao-Vietnamese forces heroically laid down their lives in the attack on the Phonehe stronghold.
此次进攻取得胜利，成为两国在争取民族解放革命斗争初期阶段的具有历史性意义的胜利。	This successful offensive became a historically significant victory in the revolutionary struggle for national liberation of both nations.
郑氏心女士强调，两国人民永远铭记为两国民族解放斗争事业牺牲的各位英烈，同时强调两国年轻一带将继续发扬老前辈英勇、坚强的传统，为越老关系持续开花结果及两国的繁荣发展作出应有的贡献。	Zheng Shixin said that the people of both nation will always remember the sacrifices of every hero in the two countries’ wars of national liberation, that the youth of both nations will carry on the heroic tradition of their ancestors, and that the relationship between the two countries would continue to grow and bear fruit, which in turn would contribute to the further prosperity and development of Vietnam and Laos.
里程碑式跨越！	A Milestone Leap!
国际米兰解锁第3000场意甲比赛-中新网	Inter Milan Has Its 3000th Serie A Game - China News
中新网客户端7月26日电 北京时间26日凌晨，意甲传统豪门国际米兰迎来了里程碑之战。	July 26 (China News) Inter Milan, a traditional big Serie A club, commenced its milestone match in the early hours of July 26th Beijing time.
据意大利媒体统计，客场对阵热那亚一役是国际米兰队史第3000场意甲联赛，蓝黑军团也是首个解锁这项里程碑的球队。	According to the Italian media, the away game against Genoa is Inter Milan's 3,000th Serie A match, making it the first team to reach this milestone.
自1929年联赛改制以来，国际米兰是唯一一支从未缺席意甲的队伍，也是唯一一支从未降级的球队。	Inter Milan is the only team to have never missed a Serie A Game since the league was reorganized in 1929, and also the only team to have never been relegated.
据意大利媒体报道，国际米兰与热那亚的比赛是蓝黑军团队史第3000场比赛。	According to the Italian media, Inter Milan's match against Genoa is the 3,000th match in the history of this Blue-Black-Stripes legion.
在这场里程碑之战中，国际米兰客场三球完胜热那亚。	During the match, Inter Milan beat Genoa by three goals away from home.
此役卢卡库梅开二度，替补出场的桑切斯也贡献一球。	Romelu Lukaku scored twice and Alexis Sanchez as a sub also contributed a goal.
比赛从一开始就进入了国际米兰的节奏，强攻终于在第34分钟转化为进球。	The game was controlled by Inter Milan from the start, who finally scored a goal with a strong offense after 34 minutes.
比拉吉左路传中，卢卡库中路包抄头球破门。	Cristiano Biraghi sent in a cross from the left and Lukaku scored a header goal after outflanking.
第82分钟国际米兰如法炮制，摩西右路突破后传中，桑切斯中路包抄推射得手；终场前卢卡库完成梅开二度，反击中布罗佐维奇送出长距离直塞，卢卡库突入禁区晃过罗梅罗后推射空门得分，将比分定格在3：0。	In the 82nd minute, as if following a formula, Inter Milan’s Moses broke through on the right and crossed for Sanchez to score from the middle; before the end, Lukaku scored twice and Marcelo Brozović delivered a driven pass in the counter-offense, but Lukaku broke into the penalty area and scored with a free shot after dribbling past Romero, and the score was set at 3:0.
国际米兰客场3：0完胜热那亚，积分反超亚特兰大上升至第2，在多赛一场的情况下落后领头羊尤文图斯4分，仍保留着争冠希望。	Inter Milan moved back above Atalanta into 2nd place with a 3-0 win away against Genoa, and remain in the title race with four points behind Juventus with a game to spare.
至此，在这跨越近90载光阴的3000场意甲联赛中，国际米兰赢得了其中的1489场，打平834场，输掉677场，胜率为49.6%。	Inter Milan has now won 1,489, drawn 834, and lost 677 of its 3,000 Serie A matches spanning almost 90 years, and its winning percentage is 49.6%.
其间，球队共打进5038球，丢3102球，场均打进1.68球。	Among these matches, the team has scored 5,038 goals and conceded 3,102, averaging 1.68 goals per game.
蓝黑军团18次获得联赛冠军，并且从未降级。	This Blue-Black-Stripes legion has won the league title 18 times and have never been relegated.
声明说，这架无人机是以军在以色列与黎巴嫩边境的“蓝线”附近执行任务时坠落在黎境内的。	According to the statement, the Israeli military drone crashed inside Lebanon near the “Blue Line” near the Lebanon-Israel border while on a mission.
声明没有提及无人机坠落的原因。	No explanation of the reason the drone crashed was provided in the statement.
有以色列媒体报道说，这架无人机可能是出现故障而坠落的。	According to Israeli media reports, the drone may have crashed due to a malfunction.
据报道，以色列副总理兼国防部长甘茨当天下午在视察以色列北部地区时表示，为了确保其安全利益，以色列将继续对叙利亚和黎巴嫩采取行动。	Reports state that the afternoon of the crash, while on an inspection tour in northern Israel, Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Gantz said that to protect its security and interests, Israel would continue to take action against Syria and Lebanon.
以色列长期视黎巴嫩真主党为重大安全威胁，并指责伊朗方面经由叙利亚陆地走廊向黎巴嫩真主党输送武器，以黎边境附近局势时有紧张。	Israel has long considered Lebanese political party Hezbollah to be a major security threat, and has accused Iran of sending weapons to Hezbollah through the Syria land corridor, leading to tensions in the Lebanon-Israel border region.
以色列曾多次以打击该组织为由，对叙境内目标实施空袭。	On the grounds of attacking Hezbollah, Israel has conducted several air raids on targets in Syria.
谍战剧老面孔柳云龙演一个结巴男主角-新华网	A Familiar Face in Spy TV Series, Liu Yunlong, Plays a Stuttering Hero - Xinhua Net
由柳云龙监制、殷飞执导,柳云龙、苏青、梁冠华、李立群等主演的大型谍战剧《胜算》, 于7月16日晚7:30登陆广东卫视“活力剧场” 。	Supervised by Liu Yunlong and directed by Yin Fei, the major spy TV series The Possibility of Victory, starring such actors and actress as Liu Yunlong, Su Qing, Liang Guanhua, and Li Liqun, will be broadcast on the 7:30 p.m. “Live Theatre” of Guangdong TV on July 16 2020.
该剧讲述了潜伏在日伪警察局的中共地下党员唐飞(柳云龙饰)联合苏联特工,刺杀日本特工头目,粉碎了日军的惊天阴谋。	It tells the story of Tang Fei (played by Liu Yunlong), a member of Communist Party of China working undercover in a police station under the Japanese puppet government, who assassinates the head of Japanese intelligence and destroys a shocking conspiracy of the Japanese army alongside secret agents from the Soviet Union.
《胜算》根据史实改编,素材取自尘封多年的苏联军事档案。	The Possibility of Victory is adapted from historical facts, and is based on Soviet Union military archive materials which have been classified for many years.
莫斯科保卫战期间,苏联红军远东精锐西进驰援,此时日本关东军“北进派”认为有机可乘,意欲出兵。	During the Fight for Moscow, the elite Far Eastern army of the Soviet Red Army went west to assist in the fight, but at that time the “Going North Faction” of Japan’s Kwantung Army held the view that there would be opportunities in the north, so troops should be sent.
为解腹背受敌之危,中共与苏共情报人员联手实施了“穆丹乌拉”计划。	To defeat their enemies in the front and the rear, information staff of Communist Party of China and Soviet Union jointly launched “Mudanura” plan.
根据此历史背景,知名编剧邓原几经打磨,令剧情曲折烧脑。	Given this context, noted script writer Deng Yuan revised the script several times, making the plot both thrilling and suspenseful.
柳云龙此次在《胜算》中同时担任监制和男主角。	Liu Yunlong was both supervising producer and protagonist of the TV series.
剧中,他饰演的唐飞是林河警察厅刑事科科长,是一位颇有喜感甚至有点痞气的结巴警察,真实的身份则是一名中共地下党员。	In the TV series, he plays Tang Fei, Chief of the Criminal Office of the Linhe Police Bureau, a stuttering, comical, and trouble-prone policeman, but his real identity is an underground member of Communist Party of China.
与其上演对手戏的女主角蔡梦是林河保安局科长,深得日本上司福原的赏识,与唐飞之间存在着亦敌亦友、暧昧不清的微妙关系。	The heroine Cai Meng is Chief of Linhe Security Bureau, who is deeply beloved by her Japanese leader Fukuwara, and there is a subtle relationship between her and Tang Fei, making them “frenemies” with a romantic undertone.
苏青近年来尝试了很多不同类型的角色,从《那些年我们正年轻》中的陆若文到《延禧攻略》中的尔晴,都给观众留下深刻印象,演技受到认可。	Su Qing has attempted to play different roles in recent years, from Lu Ruowen in We Were Young in Those Years to Erqing in Story of Yanxi Palace, all of which left a deep impression upon the general public, and her skill is now widely recognized.
此次苏青与柳云龙是首次搭档,结巴警长搭配妩媚女警的设置,颇有看点与新意。	This is the first collaboration between Su Qing and Liu Yunlong, a stuttering policeman an an enchanting policewoman, and is both eye-catching and novel.
除了两位主角外,《胜算》中还有梁冠华、李立群、钱波、雷汉、申军谊等众多实力派演员加盟,老戏骨飙戏也是该剧看点之一。	Apart from the two protagonists, many skilled actors, including Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, Qian Bo, Lei Han, Shen Junyi, also perform in the TV series, which makes it even more attractive.
据了解 ,《胜算》制作上也十分精良,剧组跨越江苏、浙江、辽宁3省近2000公里拍摄取景。	According to sources, the production is very detailed, and the crew selected venues in three provinces, including Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Liaoning provinces, travelling nearly 2,000 kilometers.
为了还原东北日据时期光怪陆离的城市风貌,剧组美工道具组日夜赶工,仔细打磨场景搭建及道具的每一个细节,令剧中场景画面精致,富有历史质感。	To restore the gorgeous urban appearance of Northeast China as captured by Japanese invaders, the art and prop team worked around the clock, carefully designing every detail of the settings and props, which enables the richly detailed scenes and captures the historical essence of the era.
也门西部两省洪灾导致16人死亡-中新网	Sixteen dead in floods in two western Yemen provinces - chinanews.com
新华社科威特城7月26日电(记者聂云鹏 王薇)萨那消息：据也门当地媒体26日报道，也门西部荷台达省和哈杰省遭遇强降雨，过去48小时内洪灾已造成至少16人死亡。	Xinhua News Agency, Kuwait City Bureau, July 26th (Correspomdents: Nie Yunpeng, Wang Wei) reported from Sana’a: Local media reports on the 26th stated that, after downpours and flooding in the Hodeidah and Hajj governates in western Yemen, at least 16 are dead in the past 48 hours.
报道说，荷台达省降雨引发的洪水造成13人死亡，临近的哈杰省有3人在洪灾中丧生。	According to such reports, the floods caused by heavy rainfall have killed 13 in Hodeidah governate and 3 in neighboring Hajjah governate.
此外，荷台达省北部以及哈杰省南部地区共有数十所房屋被洪水摧毁，部分道路和农田也遭到不同程度损毁。	In addition, dozens of houses have been destroyed in northern Hodeidah and southern Hajjah, with some roads and cropland also suffering varying degrees of damage.
持续数年的军事冲突造成也门的卫生系统几近崩溃。	Years of ongoing military conflict in Yemen have pushed the country’s to near collapse.
据联合国人道主义事务协调厅统计数据显示，2017年以来，也门感染霍乱的人数已超过100万人，死亡人数超过2000人。	Since 2017, cholera has infected over 1 million and caused over 2,000 deaths, according to statistics from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
也门医疗机构担心，持续的洪灾会导致霍乱疫情再度蔓延。	Medical organizations in Yemen have expressed concern that continued flooding will lead to further cholera outbreaks.
《绝地出击》上映 鏖战拳台逐梦人生-新华网	“The Jedi Attack” Released to Show Fighting in the Ring and Pursuit of Dreams - XinhuaNet
由青年导演高壮壮执导，廖威廉、东宇、杨欣冉、王艺博等主演的网络电影《绝地出击》正式在爱奇艺上映。	Directed by young director Gao Zhuangzhuang and starring William Liao, Dongyu, Yang Xinran and Wang Yibo, the online movie "The Jedi Attack" is showing on IQIYI now.
影片讲述了落魄拳手维纳斯重返拳台并为尊严而战的故事，展示了一段热血沸腾的放肆逐梦之旅。	The film tells the story of a disgraced boxer, Venus, who returns to the ring and fights for dignity, as well as a passionate and audacious journey to pursue the dream.
电影《绝地出击》以泰国为主要情节推动地，将“泰拳”作为落魄拳王维纳斯追梦的起点，整个故事都是在传统中国文化价值观的改编下进行，无论是维纳斯前期为了师父而下定打假拳的决心，还是后期在朋友和爱人的支持下重新振作为尊严而战的努力，都展示了中国传统文化中男性对家庭和梦想的追求与大爱。	The movie "The Jedi Attack" primarily takes place in Thailand, and uses "Muay Thai" as the starting point for Venus, a disgraced boxer, to pursue his dream; the story is an adaptation of traditional Chinese cultural values, and both Venus's determination to fight fake boxing for his master in the early stage and his efforts to fight for dignity with the support of his friends and lover in the later stage show the pursuit and love for family and dreams in traditional Chinese culture.
结合经典的好莱坞运动电影故事模式和中泰两国专业团队的强强联手，《绝地出击》不仅呈现了国际化的效果，也将打动不同类型观众。	By combining a classic Hollywood sports movie story with the strong cooperation of the professional teams of China and Thailand, “The Jedi Attack” not only presents an international face, but will appeal to a wide range of audiences.
同时，《绝地出击》大量地展示泰拳搏击和训练的剧情，场面的激烈和热血。	Meanwhile, “The Jedi Attack” shows several fighting and training elements in Muay Thai, and the fight scenes are fierce and passionate.
影片中，由东宇饰演的游戏设计师张小亮通过格斗游戏帮助由廖威廉饰演的维纳斯重新回到拳台并摘下桂冠的情节，将新奇趣味的高科技与热血高燃的竞技比赛结合在一起，也展示了张小亮和维纳斯看似“道不同”、实则目标一致的兄弟情谊。	In the movie, Zhang Xiaoliang, the game designer played by Dongyu, helps Venus, played by William Liao, return to the ring and win the championship through fighting games, and it combines novel and interesting high-tech elements with hot-blooded competition, and also shows the brotherhood between Zhang Xiaoliang and Venus, which appears to be different, but is actually based on a common goal.
此外，维纳斯与晶晶之间细水长流的爱情也十分感人，晶晶对维纳斯一直以来的默默支持和维纳斯对晶晶的坚定承诺，都让观众看到了维纳斯身上的“铁汉柔情”，也为这位落魄拳王身上增添了许多人情味。	In addition, the long-running love between Venus and Jingjing is also very touching, with Jingjing's constant silent support for Venus and Venus's firm commitment to Jingjing showing the audience Venus’s tender side, which also adds a lot of human kindness to the disgraced boxer.
四部门联合行动！	United action by four departments!
启动App违法违规收集使用个人信息治理工作-中新网	Corrective work on illegal and violating collection and use of personal information by apps - chinanews.com
2020-07-26 15:18:27 来源：央视网 作者：朱延静 责任编辑：朱延静	2020-07-26 15:18:27 Source: cctv.com Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor: Zhu Yanjing
启动App违法违规收集使用个人信息治理工作。	Corrective work on illegal and violating collection and use of personal information by apps.
全国信息安全标准化技术委员会、中国消费者协会、中国互联网协会、中国网络空间安全协会，以及相关专业评估机构参加了会议。	The conference was attended by the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee, China Consumers Association, Internet Society of China, Cybersecurity Association of China, and other related professional evaluation institutions.
App违法违规收集使用个人信息治理工作组利用微信公众号(“App个人信息举报”)、网站(pip.tc260.org.cn)两种专门渠道，受理广大网民关于违法违规收集使用个人信息的线索举报和问题反映。	The corrective work on illegal and violating collection and use of personal information by apps will be conducted through two dedicated channels, the WeChat Public Account (“App Personal Information Reporting”) and website (pip.tc260.org.cn), where netizens can report evidence and offer feedback on the illegal and violating collection and use of personal information.
同时，广大网民也可向违法和不良信息举报中心(www.12377.cn )、网络不良与垃圾信息举报受理中心(www.12321.cn)等平台举报和反映不法行为。	At the same time, netizens can also report and offer feedback on illegal behaviors to platforms such as the Illegal and Improper Information Reporting Center (www.12377.cn) and the Center for Reporting and Handling Spam (www.12321.cn).
总台央视记者 张岗	CCTV correspondent Zhang Gang
绿地开启新一轮混改 上海国资拟转让17.5%股份 -经济观察网－专业财经新闻网站	Greenland Launches a New Round of Mixed Reform, and Shanghai State-owned Assets Transfers 17.5% of Its Shares - www.eeo.com.cn - Professional Financial News Website
经济观察网 记者 饶贤君 7月26日，绿地控股（600606.SH）发布《关于国有股东拟通过公开征集受让方的方式协议转让公司部分股份暨复牌的提示性公告》。	Eeo.com.cn reporter Rao Xianjun, July 26, Greenland Holdings (600606.SH) issued a "Suggestive Announcement on the State-owned Shareholders' Intention to Transfer Part of the Company's Shares and Resume Trading through Public Solicitation of the Transferee."
公告内容显示，为进一步深化国资国企改革，优化国资布局结构调整，完善绿地股权结构，上海地产（集团）有限公司（以下简称“上海地产”）及上海城投（集团）有限公司（以下简称“上海城投” ）拟通过公开征集受让方的方式协议转让所持有的公司部分股份，拟转让的股份比例合计不超过绿地总股本的17.5% 。	According to the announcement, in order to further deepen the reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises, optimize the structural adjustment of state-owned assets, and improve the ownership structure of Greenland, Shanghai Land (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Land") and Shanghai Chengtou Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Chengtou Investment") plan to transfer part of the shares of the company held by the transferee through public solicitation, and the total proportion of the shares to be transferred shall not exceed 17.5% of the total share capital of Greenland.
本次拟转让股份的价格不低于下列两者之中的较高者：提示性公告日（2020 年7月27日）前30个交易日的每日加权平均价格的算术平均值；最近一个会计年度公司经审计的每股净资产值。	The price of the shares to be transferred this time shall not be lower than the higher of the following two: the arithmetic average of the daily weighted average price of the 30 trading days before the suggestive announcement date (July 27, 2020); the audited net asset value per share of the company in the latest accounting year.
目前，对绿地的新战略投资者仍无定论，按照公告公示信息估算，新战略投资者要拿下绿地此次混改中转让的17.5%股权需要支付约140亿元的资金。	At present, there is still no final conclusion on the new strategic investors of Greenland, but according to the information estimates in the announcement, the new strategic investors need to pay about RMB 14 billion to take the 17.5% equity transferred in the mixed-use reform of Greenland.
值得注意的是，本次股份转让完成后，预计绿地仍无控股股东及实际控制人，但控制权结构可能发生较大变化。	It is worth noting that after the completion of the share transfer, Greenland is expected to have no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, but the control structure may change greatly.
绿地控股自创立以来进行了多次体制机制改革：1992年-1997年，在纯国有体制下按照市场化规则运行；1997年-2013年，建立并不断完善国有控股、职工持股的股份制；2013年-2015年，引进战略投资者，形成国有及非公有资本交叉持股、相互融合的混合所有制；2015年至今，整体上市，成为公众公司。	Since its establishment, Greenland Holdings has carried out many institutional reforms: from 1992 to 1997, it was operated under the pure state-owned system in accordance with market-oriented rules; from 1997 to 2013, it established and continuously improved the joint-stock system of state-owned holding and employee shareholding; from 2013 to 2015, strategic investors were introduced to form a mixed ownership system of cross-shareholding and mutual integration of state-owned and non-public capital; and since 2015, the company has been entirely listed and has become a public company.
绿地目前的混改方案与格力相似，2019年12月，高瓴资本领衔珠海明骏以416.62亿元接手格力电器（000651.SZ）15%股权，格力集团退居小股东，完成混改后，格力电器实施了高管激励计划、无实控人结构等现代化的企业管理方式。	Greenland's current mixed reform plan is similar to Gree's: in December 2019, Zhuhai Mingjun, led by Hillhouse Capital, took over 15% of the shares of Gree Electric Appliances (000651.SZ) with RMB 41.662 billion, and the Gree Group retreated to being the minority shareholder; after the completion of the mixed reform, Gree implemented modern enterprise management methods, such as executive incentive plans and no real controller structure.
上海地产、上海城投均为上海市国资委全资持有的国资企业集团，绿地控股董事长、总裁张玉良表示，绿地此举是上海按照党中央要求，推进国资国企综合性改革、加速新一阶段国资国企改革的重要举措，充分显示了因地制宜、量体裁衣的改革新思路，通过给上市公司引入新的优秀战略股东，支持企业进一步提高市场化程度，提升经营管理自由度，加速改革活力全面释放。	Shanghai Land and Shanghai Chengtou Investment are all state-owned enterprise groups wholly owned by Shanghai SASAC, and Zhang Yuliang, chairman and president of Greenland holdings, said that Greenland's move is an important measure for Shanghai to promote the comprehensive reform of state-owned assets and enterprises and accelerate the reform of state-owned assets and enterprises in the new era in accordance with the requirements of the CPC Central Committee; it also fully shows the new concept of reform that adapts measures to local conditions and acts according to actual circumstances, because it is necessary to introduce new shareholders to support the reform of corporate strategy, further improve the degree of corporate management freedom, and accelerate the full release of reform vitality.
跨省游恢复 全国首趟跨省动车旅游专列开行-新华网	Inter-province travel resumes, nation’s first high-speed train tour launches - Xinhuanet
新华社杭州7月25日电（记者李平）7月25日12时20分，乘坐D771次动车的200余名上海游客，顺利抵达浙江省兰溪市，这也是7月14日文化和旅游部恢复跨省（区、市）团队游以来，全国开行的首趟跨省动车旅游专列。	Xinhua News Agency, Hangzhou, reported July 25th (Correspondent: Li Ping) On July 25th, over 200 tourists from Shanghai on the D771 train arrived in Lanxi, Zhejiang Province, making this the first group tour to take an inter-provincial train since the Ministry of Culture and Tourism resumed inter-province (region, city) group tours on July 14th.
地处浙江中西部的兰溪市，风光秀丽，境内拥有诸葛八卦村、地下长河、芝堰古村等众多名胜景点，在两天一夜的行程中，200余名上海游客将一一领略这些景点。	Located in central and western Jiangxi, Lanxi City boasts beautiful scenery and many scenic spots such as Zhuge Bagua Village, the Dixia Changhe Scenic Area, and Zhiyan Village, all of which are to be visited by the more than 200 tourists in the tour group on their 2-day 1-night trip.
上海铁路国际旅游（集团）有限公司副总经理李莉说，公司根据最新政策，紧盯跨省游需求，第一时间与兰溪市沟通接洽，精心推出“上海至兰溪”和“夏日赏荷二日游”产品，产品推出不到一周时间即售罄。	Li Li, assistant general manager of Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) LTD, said that based on the latest policies, the company closely monitors demand for inter-province travel, communicates closely with Lanxi, and launched the “Shanghai to Lanxi” and “Summer Lotus-Viewing Two-Day Tour” products, the latter of which sold out less than a week after launching.
来自上海的孙阿姨说，因为疫情，今年一直没有出门。	Mrs. Sun, from Shanghai, said she hadn’t left her house this year because of the pandemic.
“在家闷久了，一看到有团队游，马上把消息分享给朋友一起报名，以前从来没有来过兰溪，非常期待这次旅行。”，孙阿姨说。	“I’ve been bored sitting at home for a long time, so when I saw a group tour, I shared the news with my friends right away, and we all signed up, and I’ve never visited Lanxi, so I’ve been looking forward to this trip, “ said Mrs. Sun.
据了解，去年9月，兰溪市与上海铁路国际旅游（集团）有限公司签订“乘高铁·游兰溪”项目战略合作协议，计划一年内从江浙沪皖四地开行12趟高铁旅游专列到兰溪。	Sources state that in September of last year, Lanxi and Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) LTD signed the “Ride the High-Speed Rail to Lanxi” strategic cooperation agreement, which aims to operate 12 dedicated high-speed tourism trains from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, and Anhui to Lanxi within the year.
我打脸我自己？	Smacked themselves in the face?
美国白宫顾问“反咬”各州复工过早-中新网	White House Adviser “Counterattacks” States’ Premature Reopening-ChinaNews.com
美国白宫顾问“反咬”各州复工过早	White House Adviser “Counterattacks” States’ Premature Reopening
当地时间7月23日，美国新冠肺炎确诊病例数突破400万，占全球病例30%。	As of July 23 local time, the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in the United States topped 4 million, accounting for 30% of global cases.
数月来，美国总统特朗普反复要求全国各州复工复学，直至近日才改变态度，主动在公开场合佩戴口罩，而他的顾问更是“反咬一口”称一些州政府复工过早。	For months, U.S. President Trump has repeatedly asked for states to reopen businesses and schools, and only recently changed his attitude and started wearing masks in public, while his advisers accuse some state governments of reopening businesses too early.
22日，白宫总统顾问凯莉安·康威在新闻发布会上表示，一些州政府没有遵守复工标准，过早重启了酒吧之类的场所。	On 22nd, White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said at a press conference that some states didn’t follow reopening standards and opened businesses like bars too early.
康威还提到，此前关于总统有“绝对权力”决定各州复工事宜的说法，是误传的谣言。	Conway also mentioned that statements regarding the President having “absolute power” in deciding states reopening matters are misinformed rumors.
“总统是个联邦主义者，他相信各州都有自主权。”	“The President is a federalist who believes in the autonomous rights of states. "
她为特朗普辩解道。	she said in Trump’s defense.
然而，康威口中的“谣言”，却是特朗普在4月13日白宫疫情通报会上亲口说出的。	However, this so-called “rumor” was stated by Trump himself at the White House outbreak briefing on April 13.
对此番自我打脸的操作，被网民们嘲讽为“改写历史”。	This flip-flop was mocked on the internet as “rewriting history”.
凯莉安·康威想要改写历史，她是个骗子。	Attempting to rewrite history makes Kellyanne Conway a liar.
特朗普称密歇根州州长格雷琴·惠特默是独裁者，因为她遵循了医疗准则，坚持停工。	Trump called Gretchen Whitmer, governor of Michigan, a dictator because she followed medical guidelines and insisted on lockdown.
特朗普想推动复工，这样他就可以举行集会。	Trump wanted to facilitate reopening so that he could hold rallies.
这不是凯莉安·康威第一次引起争议了。	This isn’t the first time Kellyanne Conway has caused controversy.
4月15日，康威在接受福克斯新闻(Fox News)采访时，脱口而出：“这是COVID-19，又不是COVID-1，朋友们！”	On April 15, when interviewed by Fox News, Conway blurted out, “This is COVID-19, not COVID-1, folks! "
她似乎把“19”理解成了一个版本号，被网民们疯狂调侃：没常识就看看报纸！	She seemed to have taken “19” as a version number and was laughed at on the internet, “Read a newspaper if you have no common sense!”
3岁孩童大学操场玩耍被砸，获赔后再诉校方有理吗？	3-Year Old Hit When Playing on University Sports Ground, Reasonable to Sue After Compensation is Paid?
2020-07-26 05:01:11 来源：法制日报 作者：王思硕 责任编辑：王思硕	2020-07-26 05:01:11 Source: Legal Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor: Wang Sishuo
操场被砸，孩童获赔后再诉校方	Hit on Sports Ground, Child Sues University After Compensation is Paid
□ 本报通讯员 赵一凡	Reported by, Zhao Yifan
3岁的小文在某大学操场玩耍时，意外被垒球队的陈某在投球时砸中了头部。	When playing on sports ground of an university, 3-year old Xiaowen was accidentally hit in the head by a softball thrown by Chen from the softball team.
陈某赔偿后，小文的父亲文先生作为小文的法定代理人将学校诉至法院，要求事发操场所在的学校赔礼道歉，并支付医疗费、精神损害抚慰金等共计两万元。	After being compensated by Chen for the accident, Xiaowen’s father, acting as Xiaowen’s legal guardian, sued the university in court, demanding an apology for what happened on the sports ground and a total of 20,000 yuan for medical bills and emotional distress.
近日，北京市海淀区人民法院对此案审理后认为，事发时学校在操场设置了防护网，已尽到适当的安全保障义务，且陈某已进行了赔偿，据此判决驳回了原告的诉讼请求。	Recently, the People’s Court of Haidian District in Beijing heard the case and believed the university fulfilled its obligation to provide appropriate safety assurance by setting up a protective barrier at the sports ground; in addition, Chen had already compensated for the accident, and therefore, the claims of the plaintiff were dismissed.
文先生诉称，2019年暑假期间，他带小文在学校操场玩耍，当时正值垒球队在操场训练。	As Mr. Wen claims, he took Xiaowen to the sports ground of the university during summer vacation in 2019, and the softball team was training on the sports ground at the same time.
为了规避由此带来的风险，小文、文先生和其他众多小朋友及家长在垒球队指定的安全区域内活动。	To avoid potential risks, Xiaowen and Mr. Wen and other parents and children were playing in a safety area designated by the softball team.
但之后垒球队队员陈某在投球时脱手，导致垒球越过护网飞至上述安全区域内并击中小文后脑。	However, later when Chen, a member of the softball team, was throwing the ball, it slipped out of his hand, went over the protective barrier into the safety area, and hit Xiaowen in the back of her head.
文先生立即带小文去医院治疗，被诊断为头外伤。	Mr. Wen took Xiaowen to the hospital immediately, and she was diagnosed as having head trauma.
文先生认为，学校球场的设施不符合相关安全规定，未对球队及相关设施进行有效管理。	Mr. Wen believes the sports field facilities are not in line with safety regulations and the university failed to effectively manage the softball team and relevant facilities.
学校的过失导致上述事件发生，导致小文身心遭受巨大的痛苦，同时也给其家人带来了较大的痛苦，对此学校应当承担法律责任。	It was negligence of the university that led to the incident, which caused physical and mental distress for Xiaowen and her family, hence the university should take legal responsibility.
对此，校方辩称，学校已经在操场设置了防护网，并张贴了管理规定、训练通知，告知进入操场须与训练场地保持安全距离并提醒注意自身安全，原告也不能证明学校“未尽到安全保障义务”，所以不同意赔偿。	Against these accusations, the university argued that it has set up protective barrier around the sports field and posted management regulations and training notices informing people to keep a safe distance from the training field when entering the sports ground and to be aware of their personal safety, and because the plaintiff couldn’t prove the university “didn’t fulfill safety assurance obligations”, the university refused to pay compensation.
法院审理后认为，事发的场地系涉案大学对公众免费开放的场地，学校虽对操场的管理存在安全保障义务，但这种安全保障义务仅需达到一般的注意义务即可。	After hearing the case, the court believed the venue where the incident took place is open to public for free, and though the university bears safety assurance obligations for the sports ground, the extent of its obligations were merely to have general notices.
事发时学校在操场设置了防护网，已经尽到了适当的安全保障义务，且陈某也按照此前达成的赔偿协议向小文赔偿了医疗费、交通费等各项损失两千余元，双方约定此次纠纷一次性解决。	When the incident took place, there was a protective barrier set up by the university on the sports ground, meaning the appropriate safety assurance obligations were fulfilled, and Chen paid over 2,000 yuan in compensation for Xiaowen’s medical bill, transportation, and other losses according to the compensation agreement reached, so the two parities agreed to settle their dispute once and for all.
事后，小文家长再次主张学校赔偿，于法无据，法院判决驳回了原告的全部诉请。	Afterwards, Xiaowen’s parents’ claims for compensation from the university was found to be groundless, and the court ruled to dismiss all claims of the plaintiff.
宣判后，双方均未上诉，该判决现已生效。	After neither party decided to appeal, the verdict became effective.
根据我国侵权责任法第37条规定，学校作为公共场所的管理人，负有安全保障义务；在第三人的行为造成他人损害的情况下，第三人承担侵权责任，而未尽到安全保障义务的公共场所管理人应当承担相应的补充责任。	According to Article 37 of Tort Liability Law, as the manager of a public place, the university bears safety assurance obligations; and when actions of a third party cause damages to others, the third party takes tort liability, while manager of the public place that fails to fulfill safety assurance obligations takes complementary liabilities.
法官称，由于作为公共场所的管理人，最有可能了解整个场所的实际情况、预见可能发生的危险和损害，从而最有可能采取必要措施防止损失的发生或者减轻损害的程度，且避免和减轻损害发生的成本最低，故而法律规定由其承担从事社会活动相应的保障义务。	The judge stated that because manager of the public place is the party most likely to know the actual state of the site, and to foresee potential dangers and harms, it is the most likely party to take necessary measures to prevent losses from happening or reduce damages and to keep the cost of damage prevention or reduction to a minimum, meaning the law requires it to bear the appropriate safety assurance obligations when engaging in social activities.
本案中，对于向公众免费开放的操场中不特定的进入人群，学校所负的安全保障义务应与其从事的社会活动相适应，具体而言，主要是应采取基本的安全措施并对于隐蔽性危险负有告知义务。	In this case, for the non-specific group of people entering the sports ground open to public for free, the school’s safety assurance obligation were in line with the social activities it was engaged in, specifically which were primarily to take basic safety measures and to inform people of hidden dangers.
司法实践中，也不宜对公共场所管理人苛以过高的安全保障义务。	In juridical practice, it’s not advised to make safety assurance obligations too high or too strict for the managers of public places.
如果学校已经采取了设置防护网且尽到告知义务，则可以认定学校不具有过错，不应承担法律责任。	If the university has set up a protective barrier and fulfilled its duty to inform, the university is considered not at fault and does not bear legal responsibility.
此外，对于第三人侵权，即使学校等公共场所的管理者未尽到安全保障义务，其承担的责任也是作为一种损害赔偿的补充，根据最新颁布的民法典，管理者承担补充责任后，还可以向第三人追偿。	Furthermore, as to third party tort, even if the manager of public places such as a university doesn’t fulfill its safety assurance obligations, its liability is complementary to damage compensation; according to the new Civil Code, the manager can claim compensation from the third party after assuming complementary liability.
故在此类事故中，受害者在已经收到直接侵权人的赔偿后，不应再扩大求偿范围。	Therefore, the victim must not expand the scope of the claim after receiving compensation from the directly liable party in this kind of accident.
疫情防控常态化之下，人们运动健身的热情高涨。	With regular pandemic prevention and control, people are more enthusiastic about exercise and fitness.
随着跨省旅游业务的逐步放开，旅游市场也即将迎来复苏。	As the restriction of inter-provincial tourism business has gradually slackened, the tourism market is also about to welcome a recovery.
福建省从7月21日起恢复了跨省旅游业务，开放后的第一个周末，作为旅游热门目的地的厦门迎来了客流高峰。	Fujian Province has resumed its inter-provincial tourism business from July 21, and in the first weekend after opening, Xiamen, a popular tourist destination, saw a peak in passenger flow.
作为热门的旅游目的地城市，在周末抵达厦门旅行的游客不少。	As a popular tourist destination city, many tourists arrived in Xiamen on the weekend.
厦门火车站预计暑运将发送旅客370万人次，机场客流则以学生、旅游、探亲流为主。	It is estimated that the Xiamen Railway Station will see 3.7 million passengers in summer, while the passenger flow at the airport is dominated by students, tourists, and people visiting relatives.
旅游市场逐步回暖，7月，厦门机场日均运行440架次，国内航班已经恢复到了疫情前的80% 。	The tourism market is recovering gradually, and in July, Xiamen Airport operated an average of 440 flights per day, and domestic flights have recovered to 80% of the pre-pandemic level.
航空公司加密了厦门至上海、北京、昆明、西安等主要城市的空中快线，抢占复苏后的旅游市场。	Airlines have increased the air express lanes from Xiamen to Shanghai, Beijing, Kunming, Xi'an and other major cities to seize the revived tourism market.
目前，厦门多家旅行社陆续上线一批暑期国内跨省游产品，团队行程主要以室外景点为主。	At present, a number of travel agencies in Xiamen have successively launched a batch of domestic cross-provincial travel products during summer vacations, and the group itinerary is mainly focused on outdoor attractions.
针对火车站、机场出现的暑期客运高峰，相关单位在值机柜台、安检通道等人员易聚集的区域增派了人手进行疏导，福建还对“八闽健康码”进行优化升级，实现了与31个省之间的健康数据共享和互通互认，推动旅游市场有序复苏。	In response to peak passenger flow in summer in railway stations and airports, relevant organizations have deployed additional manpower in areas where people are likely to gather such as check-in counters and security check lanes, and Fujian has also optimized and upgraded the "Fujian health QR code", realized health data sharing and mutual recognition with 31 provinces, and promoted the orderly recovery of the tourism market.
刘德华刘青云能否“拆”出新火花-新华网	Can Andy Lau and Sean Lau “run” up new sparks? - Xinhuanet
《拆弹专家2》近日宣布将于12月24日上映,成为贺岁档首部定档的影片。	It was recently announced that “Running Out of Time 2” will be released on December 24th, making it the first film to set its release date during the winter holiday season.
第二部依然是邱礼涛导演,刘德华监制及主演,以全新的故事展开。	This sequel, again directed by Liu Qitao and produced by Andy Lau, presents a brand-new story in the series.
据悉,第二部中“核弹”元素的加入,也让此次拆弹专家面临的挑战更为艰难,预告里几个惊鸿一瞥的镜头,已令人心悬一线,大爆炸的蘑菇云,被火光吞没的机场,场面相当震撼。	Sources say that the addition of a “nuclear bomb” to the plot raises the stakes the challenge faced by these demolition experts, the stunning scenes in the trailers have audiences waiting on tenterhooks, and the shot of the mushroom cloud enveloping the airport is especially shocking.
三年前,由原班人马制作出品的《拆弹专家》,斩获了当年的五一档票房冠军,并在香港电影金像奖拿下了7项提名,邱礼涛×刘德华也成为观众心目中的金牌搭档。	Three years ago, the first “Running Out of Time” produced by the original team earned the highest box office total of the May Day holiday season, won 7 nominations at the Hong Kong Film Awards, and made “Qiu Litao x Andy Lau” a golden partnership to film lovers everywhere.
此次的《拆弹专家2》,也令人再次期待这对王牌组合能否擦出新火花。	Now, people are hoping that these partners can produce new sparks on the silver screen with “Running Out of Time 2”.
《拆弹专家2》讲述了全新的故事:前拆弹专家潘乘风(刘德华饰)晕倒在爆炸案现场,被警方列为嫌疑犯。	“Running Out of Time 2” brings us an entirely new story: former bomb disposal expert Pan Chengfeng (played by Andy Lau) passes out at a bombing crime scene, causing the police to consider him a suspect.
为了寻找真相,他不得不向同是拆弹专家的好友董卓文(刘青云饰)求助。	To discover the truth, he is forced to ask his bomb disposal expert friend Dong Zhuowen (played by Sean Lau) for help.
急于破案的女督查,也同时是潘乘风前女友的庞玲(倪妮饰)也被卷入其中。	Pang Ling, the female detective assigned to the case and Pan Chengfeng’s former girlfriend (played Ni Ni) is also pulled into the fray.
依然是拆弹专家,但从定档预告中能感受到刘德华新角色的复杂:断了一条腿,戴上了义肢,一边被同是拆弹专家的刘青云追捕,一边又被前女友倪妮指挥行动。	Pan Chengfeng is still a bomb disposal expert, but in the release date announcement trailer, Andy Lau’s new role is more complex: after breaking his leg, he attaches a prosthetic leg, and then defuses a bomb while being chased by Sean Lau and taking instructions from his ex-girlfriend Ni Ni.
三人究竟是怎样的关系,刘德华到底在香岛酒店做了什么,被牵扯到怎样的案件中,他拆弹专家的职业生涯又经历了哪些波折,种种谜团让人好奇不已。	Just what is the relationship between the three characters, what does Andy Lau do in the Hong Kong hotel, what kind of case is he involved in, and what happened to his bomb disposal career are all questions to which audiences crave answers.
据了解,电影的重头戏都是实地取景香港的世界地标性建筑,加上顶尖的特效制作团队,带来震撼逼真的视觉冲击。	Sources tell us that the film’s highlights include on-location shooting at world-famous Hong Kong landmarks, and coupled with the industry-leading special effects team, we expect the film to deliver a mind-blowing cinematic experience.
（记者 聂青）	(Correspondent: Nie Qing)
中新网7月26日电 综合俄罗斯卫星网报道，7月26日是俄罗斯海军日，庆祝海军日的主要阅兵式在圣彼得堡和喀琅施塔得举行。	July 26, (Ecns.cn) According to Sputnik News, July 26 is Russia’s Navy Day, and the main military parade to celebrate the Navy Day was held in St. Petersburg and Kronshtadt.
俄罗斯总统、俄联邦武装力量最高统帅普京抵达喀琅施塔得参加庆祝活动，该地15艘舰艇和潜艇接受了检阅。	The President and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation Putin arrived in Kronshtadt to participate in the celebration, where he inspected 15 ships and submarines.
当地时间2019年7月28日，俄罗斯圣彼得堡举行盛大阅兵式庆祝海军节。	On July 28, 2019 (MSK), Russia held a grand military parade to celebrate Navy day in St. Petersburg.
据报道，普京向海军官兵祝贺海军日，并乘小艇在芬兰湾上从将要参加海上阅兵的舰艇旁边驶过，随后在主观礼台检阅受阅部队。	It was reported that Putin congratulated the navy officers and soldiers on Navy Day, passed by the ships that were about to participate in the maritime parade in a small boat on the Gulf of Finland, and then inspected the troops under review at the main reviewing stand.
普京表示，俄海军舰队列装了最新式的舰艇和特殊装备，装备水平不断提高。	Putin said that the Russian naval fleet was equipped with the latest ships and special equipment, and the level of equipment was constantly improving.
普京在俄罗斯海军日的阅兵式上说：“俄罗斯海军舰队拥有配备了高精武器的军舰、战略潜水巡洋舰和多用途潜艇、最新式飞机等飞行器、独特的武器和特殊装备。”	Putin said at the military parade on Russia’s Navy Day, "The Russian naval fleet is equipped with high-precision weapons, strategic submersible cruisers and multi-purpose submarines, the latest aircraft and other aircraft, unique weapons, and special equipment. ”
当地时间6月24日，俄罗斯纪念卫国战争胜利75周年红场阅兵式举行。	On June 24 (MST), a military parade was held at Red Square in Russia to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the victory in the Great Patriotic War.
他还表示，俄海军舰队将靠数字化和有效防御手段来取得独特优势。	He also stated that the Russian naval fleet will rely on digitalization and effective defense methods to gain unique advantages.
报道称，庆祝俄罗斯海军日的主要海军阅兵式在圣彼得堡和喀琅施塔得举行，共有46艘舰艇参加，包括“卡萨托诺夫上将”号护卫舰、“海军中将库拉科夫”号大型反潜舰，以及大型登陆舰、小型导弹舰、护卫舰、潜艇等。	According to the report, the main naval parade to celebrate Russia’s Navy Day was held in St. Petersburg and Kronshtadt, and a total of 46 ships participated, including the frigate "Admiral Kasatonov Frigate", the anti-submarine ship "Vice Admiral Kulakov", as well as large landing ships, small missile ships, frigates, submarines, and more.
其中，系列舰艇在圣彼得堡冬宫桥旁进行静态展示，其中最引人瞩目的是经过复制的18世纪初俄罗斯首艘战列舰“波尔塔瓦”号。	Among them, the series of ships were statically displayed next to the Palace Bridge (Dvortsovyy Most) in St. Petersburg, the most eye-catching of which was the replica of Russia’s first battleship "Poltava" in the early 18th century.
为避免新冠病毒传播，今年海军阅兵式期间只有当地居民和特邀来宾能够进入喀琅施塔得。	In order to avoid the spread of COVID-19, only local residents and special guests could enter Kronshtadt during the naval parade this year.
每年7月最后一个星期日是俄罗斯海军日。	Russia’s Navy Day takes place each year on the last Sunday of July.
北京爱乐合唱团创始人杨鸿年逝世，享年86岁-中新网	Yang Hongnian, Beijing Philharmonic Chorus, passes away at age 86 - chinanews.com
新京报讯(记者 刘臻)7月26日，北京爱乐合唱团发表讣告，北京爱乐合唱团创始人，中国著名指挥家、音乐教育家，中央音乐学院终身学术委员、指挥系教授杨鸿年，因病医治无效，于2020年7月26日13时55分在北京逝世，享年86岁。	Beijing News (Reporter Liu Zhen) On July 26, the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus published an obituary for its founder Yang Hongnian, who passed away in Beijing at 13:55 on July 26, 2020 at the age of 86, due to an ineffective medical treatment; he was a notable Chinese conductor and music educator, a lifetime academy scholar at the Central Conservatory of Music, and Composition Department professor.
图片来自北京爱乐合唱团官网。	Image from the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus official website.
杨鸿年出生于1934年，江苏南京人，自幼酷爱音乐。	He was born in 1934 in Nanjing, Jiangsu, and even in childhood was a lover of music.
1951年任南京人民广播电台合唱队指挥，1951年秋考入上海华东师大音乐系，师从杨嘉仁教授及德国指挥家希兹曼学习指挥，向前苏联专家阿尔扎玛诺夫学习曲式、复调。	In 1951, he took up a chorus conductor position at Nanjing People’s Radio; in autumn of 1951, he enrolled at the East China Normal University music department to study composition under Professor Yang Jiaren and German conductor Heisman, and then studied musical forms and polyphony under Soviet musical expert Arzamanov.
1958年任教于北京艺术师范学院音乐系，1973年调至中央音乐学院作曲系、指挥系任教。	In 1958, he began teaching at the Beijing Normal University of Arts Department of Music, and in 1973, he transferred to the Department of Composition and Conducting at the Central Conservatory of Music.
杨鸿年于1983年创办北京爱乐合唱团。	In 1982, Yang Hongnian established the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus.
三十余年来，他秉承“爱和奉献”的宗旨，率领这支合唱团唱遍世界各地，并在国内外重要比赛中获得了几十项大奖。	For more than three decades, he embodied the principles of “love and dedication” as he led the chorus in performances all over the globe and won dozens of prestigious awards in major competitions in China and abroad.
曾先后指挥中央乐团合唱队、中央民族歌舞团、东方歌舞团、上海合唱团等30余个团体的演出，并举行多场交响音乐会及合唱音乐会。	He directed performances for more than 30 ensembles including the Central Philharmonic Chorus, the China National Ethnic Song and Dance Ensemble, Oriental Song and Dance Company, and Shanghai Chorus, and also put on many symphony and chorus performances.
著作有《乐队训练学》、《合唱训练学》、《二部歌曲写作》、《儿童歌曲集》(上下册)及论文《论合唱音准问题》、《论管弦乐的音响层次布局》，以及译作《合唱配器法》及《德彪西的和声语言》等。	He authored such books as “Orchestra Training”, “Chorus Training”, “The Writing of Two-Part Compositions”, “A Collection of Children’s Songs” (Volumes 1 & 2), his essays include “On Issues of Chorus Intonation” and “On the Sound Hierarchy of Orchestral Music”, and his translated works include “Choral Orchestration”, “Debussy’s Language of Harmony”, and so on.
中新网重庆7月26日电 (记者 刘贤)重庆市发展和改革委员会26日发布消息称，该市截至目前已退捕渔民4404人，占全部涉及渔民的42.54% 。	CHONGQING, July 26, (Ecns.cn, by Liu Xian): The Chongqing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform announced on the 26th that there are 4,404 fishermen who have quit fishing so far, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
今年53岁的李代国接受中新网记者采访时说，爷爷辈就在龙溪河打鱼，自己11岁起就跟着父亲打鱼，摇着小船，沿着龙溪河前行，上到重庆梁平，下到长寿，每次一离开家就是十天半个月，靠打鱼维持家人生活。	In an interview with a reporter from Ecns.cn, 53-year-old Li Daiguo said that his grandfathers used to fish in the Longxi River, and that he had been fishing with his father since the age of 11, shaking his boat, and traveling along the Longxi River from Liangping, Chongqing to Changshou, journeys that would last for over ten days every time he left his home, and he relied on fishing to make a living.
但从1997年起，随着农村人口逐渐往场镇里涌，高安场镇里的居民越来越多，造成的环境污染也越来越严重。	However, since 1997, as the rural population has gradually flowed into the town, there are increasing number of residents in Gao'anchang town, which has caused increasingly serious environmental pollution.
龙溪河沿线修建了造纸厂、化工厂、养殖场，也污染河水。	Paper mills, chemical plants, and breeding farms were built along the Longxi River, which also polluted the river.
到2007年、2008年，龙溪河变成臭水沟。	By 2007 and 2008, the Longxi River became a stinking ditch.
“捕上来的鱼鳞片都是黑的，剖开后里面也是黑的。”	"The scales of the fish are black, and their stomachs are black, too. "
李代国说，河水污染后打鱼越来越困难。	Li Daiguo said that fishing has become more and more difficult after the river was polluted.
当地开始下大力气治理龙溪河污染，包括清漂、巡河、水生资源管护等。	The local government began to make great efforts to control the pollution of the Longxi River, including clearing the river, patrolling on the river, and managing and protecting aquatic resources.
李代国也从渔民退捕转产，成为巡河队的一员，管护水生资源。	Li Daiguo also quit fishing and became a member of the river inspection team to manage and protect aquatic resources.
从2020年1月1日起，重庆市水生生物保护区以及主城区相关水域已实行全面禁捕。	Starting from January 1, 2020, the aquatic life reserve of Chongqing and related water areas in the main urban area have implemented a total ban on fishing.
据重庆市发展改革委数据，截至目前，重庆市已累计退捕渔船3403艘、已签订退捕协议渔船4643艘，分别占三年总任务的63.3% 、 86.3% 。	According to data from the Chongqing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform, as of now, there are 3,403 fishing boats that have quit fishing and 4,643 fishing boats that have signed retreat agreements, accounting for 63.3% and 86.3% of the total three-year mission respectively.
已退捕渔民4404人，占全部涉及渔民的42.54% 。	4,404 fishermen have quit fishing, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
已退捕4404人中，实现就业4267人，占已退捕渔民的96.89% 。	Among the 4,404 fishermen who quit fishing, 4,267 are re-employed, accounting for 96.89% of the fishermen who have quit fishing.
养老保险保障覆盖2691人，占退捕渔民的61.10% 。	The pension insurance coverage covers 2,691 people, accounting for 61.10% of the fishermen who have quit fishing.
下一步，重庆市将深入开展各专项整治行动，加快推进长江干流岸线利用项目清理整治，完成新一轮长江入河排污口普查并开展相应整治行动，基本完成“三磷” ( 指磷矿、磷化工和磷石膏库)整治任务、小水电清理整改工作，推进长江两岸造林绿化专项行动，强化绿色矿山建设，巩固长江干流非法码头、非法采砂专项整治成果，深入推进长江流域禁捕退捕工作。	In the next step, Chongqing will carry out in-depth special rectification actions, accelerate the cleanup and rectification of the utilization projects on the shoreline of the Yangtze River, complete a new round of surveys on sewage outflow of the Yangtze River and carry out corresponding rectification actions, basically complete the "three phosphorus" rectification tasks (referring to phosphate mines, phosphorus chemical industry, and phosphogypsum reservoirs), conduct small hydropower clean-up and rectification, promote the special forestation and greening activities on both sides of the Yangtze River, strengthen the construction of green mines, consolidate the results of the special rectification of illegal docks and illegal sand mining on the main stream of the Yangtze River, and further promote the ban on fishing and fishing-quitting work on the Yangtze River.
以色列加强对疫情反复的防控-中新网	Israel Strengthens Measures to Prevent Epidemic from Recurring-Ecns.cn
2020-07-26 04:56:44 来源：光明日报 作者：王思硕 责任编辑：王思硕	2020-07-26 04:56:44 Source: Guangming Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor: Wang Sishuo
以色列加强对疫情反复的防控	Israel strengthens measures to prevent epidemic from recurring
新冠肺炎疫情暴发初期，以色列的防控措施成效明显。	At the beginning of the epidemic outbreak, Israel's prevention and control measures were effective.
然而，随着防控措施的逐渐解禁，近期以色列国内的新冠肺炎确诊人数有明显上升之势，以色列政府已多次采取紧急措施加强对疫情的防控。	However, with the gradual lifting of the ban, the number of confirmed cases in Israel has recently increased significantly, and the Israeli government has taken several emergency measures to strengthen its epidemic prevention and control.
2月28日，以色列本土确诊第一例新冠肺炎病例，以迅速采取了关闭所有出入境口岸，暂停非必要行业，学校改为网上授课，限制公共交通和非必要社交活动，封锁疫情严重城市，军警联合维护防控举措等。	On February 28, the first case was confirmed in Israel and prompt measures were taken to close all entry and exit points, suspend non-essential industries, and urge all schools to take classes online; moreover, they restricted public transportation and non-essential social activities, sealed off cities with severe outbreaks, and combined military and police efforts to maintain effective control and prevention measures.
这一系列措施很快取得了积极成效，至5月中旬，以色列单日新增新冠肺炎确诊病例一度回落至个位数。	This series of measures quickly yielded positive results, and by mid-May, the daily number of confirmed cases in Israel dropped to the single digits.
随着疫情得到控制，以色列各项防控措施全面解封，自6月以来，新冠肺炎新增确诊人数逐渐反弹。	As the outbreak was brought under control, the blockade was completely lifted and the number of new confirmed cases has gradually seen a recurrence since June.
特别是进入7月后，疫情扩散蔓延速度不断加快。	In particular, in July, the spread of the epidemic has accelerated since the beginning of the month.
近日来，以色列每日新增病例有8天在1500人以上，截至7月25日发稿时，以当日新增病例达916人。	Recently, the number of new confirmed cases in Israel has been above 1,500 per day for eight days, and by the time of this report on July 25, the number of new confirmed cases reached 916.
截至7月25日，以色列已有确诊病例59745人，死亡人数448人。	As of July 25, there were 59,745 confirmed cases and 448 death cases in Israel.
面对疫情的迅猛反弹，以色列政府多次采取紧急措施加强对疫情的防控。	In the face of this rapid recurrence, the Israeli government has taken several emergency measures to strengthen epidemic prevention and control.
7月6日，在确诊病例数突破3万后，以色列政府关闭了健身房、游泳池、酒吧、夜总会等公共娱乐场所，同时出台了限制公共交通政策，规定每辆公交车的乘客最多不能超过20人。	On July 6, after the number of confirmed cases exceeded 30,000, the Israeli government closed gyms, swimming pools, bars, nightclubs and other public entertainment venues, and introduced a policy of limiting public transport to a maximum of 20 passengers per bus.
17日，以政府宣布了包括周末实施“封城”等在内的一系列新的限制措施，规定在每周五17时至每周日5时期间实施“封城”。	On July 17, the government announced a series of new restrictions, including a "city lockdown" on weekends, from 17:00 every Friday to 5:00 every Sunday.
在此期间，民众可以外出，但商店、购物中心、理发店、美容院、图书馆、动物园、博物馆、展览馆、游泳池和旅游景点等场所将关闭，而超市、药店等基本服务场所将保持开放。	During this period, people will be allowed to go out but the shops, shopping centers, barber shops, beauty salons, libraries, zoos, museums, exhibition halls, swimming pools and tourist attractions will be closed; however, places providing basic services such as supermarkets and pharmacies will remain open.
同时，在所有日期和时段内，禁止10人以上的集会，健身房、工作室等场所将关闭，餐馆和咖啡厅禁止堂食，仅允许提供外卖服务。	In the meantime, gatherings of more than 10 people will be banned around the clock every day, gyms, studios, and other places will be closed, and restaurants and cafes will be closed for dine-in food, with only takeaway services allowed.
同时，以色列民众未对疫情的严重性予以足够重视，没能与政府在抗击疫情方面形成合力。	As yet, the Israeli public is not fully aware of the seriousness of the epidemic and fails to cooperate with the government in fighting against it.
在以色列疫情出现反复后，许多民众因政府防控措施影响自身经济利益而上街抗议游行。	In spite of the epidemic’s recurrence in Israel, many people have taken to the streets in protest at the government's control measures that affected the public economic interests.
7月11日，上万人在特拉维夫举行示威游行，认为抗疫政策影响经济。	On July 11, tens of thousands of people demonstrated in Tel Aviv, arguing that anti-epidemic policies were affecting the economy.
21日晚间，又有数千名抗议者聚集在耶路撒冷的内塔尼亚胡总理官邸前，抗议内塔尼亚胡总理颁布禁止餐馆、咖啡厅堂食等防控措施又不给出相应补偿。	On the evening of the 21st, thousands of protesters gathered in front of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's residence in Jerusalem to protest against the ban on dine-in food in restaurants and cafes and the lack of compensation.
此外，许多民众在户外活动时也未遵守佩戴口罩、保持两米安全社交距离等规定，为避免因未佩戴口罩被警察罚款，不少民众仅将口罩戴在下巴上或者挂在手腕上。	In addition, many people did not comply with the rules to wear masks and maintain a safe social distance of two meters when going outdoors, and many people only wore masks on their chins or hung them on their wrists to avoid being fined by the police for not wearing them.
疫情反复期间，学校是新冠病毒扩散的重灾区，而据记者近日对此间幼儿园走访发现，幼儿园的老师和学生均未按政府要求佩戴口罩，也没有相互保持两米安全社交距离，为大量师生感染病毒埋下隐患。	During the epidemic recurrence, schools have been the most affected places by the COVID-19; according to a recent reporter’s visit to a kindergarten, it was found that teachers and students did not wear masks as required by the government, nor did they keep a safe social distance of two meters, thus creating a potential risk for a large number of teachers and students to be exposed to the virus.
以色列国家安全委员会对抗疫情专家顾问团成员埃利·瓦克斯曼教授认为，以色列正走向“危险局势”，指出以色列目前采取的疫情防控措施还不够，应关闭所有休闲、娱乐活动场所和暑期学校，以控制疫情进一步扩散。	Professor Eli Waxman, a member of the expert advisory group of the National Security Council of Israel on combating the epidemic, believes that Israel is heading towards a "dangerous situation", adding that the measures currently being taken to prevent and control the epidemic are insufficient and that all leisure and entertainment activities and summer schools should be closed in order to control the further spread of the epidemic.
瓦克斯曼表示，以色列缺乏抗击疫情的总体计划，议会和政府各部门应尽快摒弃各自的利益考虑，在对抗疫情问题上达成一致，制定包括不同部门相关限制措施的明确步骤。	Waxman states that Israel lacks an overall plan to combat the epidemic and that the Knesset and all government departments should put aside their own interests and agree on a clear step to combat the epidemic, including clear restrictions in different sectors.
本报特拉维夫7月25日电 本报驻特拉维夫记者 王炯	Tel Aviv, July 25 (Xinhua) -- Reporter in Tel Aviv, Wang Jiong
宁夏固原农民吴凤芳拗不过老伴儿戴天福，两个人坐着车，从20里外的家，赶到梁云文化大院。	Wu Fengfang, a farmer in Guyuan City of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, couldn't turn down her husband Dai Tianfu, so they started off by car from their home and arrived the Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard 10 kilometers away.
尽管这两年腿脚不便，77岁的戴天福还是指望着“隔三岔五来这儿，过把戏瘾” 。	Despite the fact that he has had difficulty walking over the past two years, the 77-year-old Dai Tianfu still expects to "come here every now and then to have a good time".
这是固原市原州区一个不起眼的院子，与一般农家院不同的是，院子里时常传出悠扬的秦腔，还有精彩纷呈的皮影戏、刺绣作品、传统秦腔、眉胡剧等。	This is an inconspicuous courtyard in the Yuanzhou District of Guyuan, but unlike other ordinary farmhouses, songs of melodious Shanxi opera are often heard from this one, as well as terrific shadow plays, embroidery works, traditional Shaanxi opera and Meihu plays.
大院主人叫梁云，曾是一名木匠。	The owner of the courtyard is called Liang Yun, who used to be a carpenter.
10多年前，热爱皮影、唱戏的他开始筹划建设文化大院。	More than 10 years ago, he began to design and construct the cultural courtyard because of his passion for shadow plays and opera.
有了梁云文化大院，村民们的文化生活变得丰富多彩。	With the Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard, villagers' cultural life has become much richer.
记者还没走进梁云文化大院，秦腔的曲调已经传了出来。	Before this reporter walked into the Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard, the melody of Shanxi opera was already wafting through the air.
正在为乡亲们演唱秦腔选段的是邻村村民柏丽香。	The person who performing the Shaanxi opera excerpts for the villagers is Bo Lixiang, a villager from a neighboring village.
她自幼酷爱秦腔，如今在当地已小有名气，只要有空闲时间，她就会来到文化大院为乡亲们表演节目。	She has had a passion for Shanxi opera since childhood, is now well known locally, and she has free time, she comes to the cultural courtyard to perform for the villagers.
最近，柏丽香还玩起了网络直播。	Recently, she has also taken up live webcasting.
柏丽香说：“有舞台让更多人看到自己表演，是一件很幸福的事情。”	“It's a blessing to have a stage where more people can see my performance," she said .
舞台上，演唱者一板一眼，弹奏者一曲一调，尽管是业余爱好者，但是热情丝毫不减。	On the stage, the performers sing well and follow the instrumental melody, and despite being amateurs, their enthusiasm is undiminished.
就像农家院质朴的风格一样，秦腔之外，梁云文化大院里的“草根”艺术和非遗文化扑面而来。	Just like the rustic nature of the farmhouse, besides the Shanxi opera, the Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard is full of "grassroots" art and intangible cultural heritage.
大院还收藏了不同年代的农耕用具、传统和手工制作的瓦塑、剪纸、刺绣、皮影等实物300多件。	The courtyard also has a collection of over 300 items from different eras, including farming equipment, traditional and handmade sculptures, paper-cutting, embroidery and shadow puppets.
梁云引着记者走进院中的陈列馆，里面展示了他收藏的老物件，老酒壶、三弦子、纺线车等。	Liang Yun leads the reporter into the exhibition hall, which displays his collection of old objects, such as old wine pots, Sanxianzi (stringed instruments), and spindle wheels.
一个普通农民为啥建起文化大院？	Why did an ordinary farmer build a cultural courtyard?
“皮影戏是我的家传手艺，我从15岁就开始学习这项手艺。”	"Shadow puppetry is my family's craft passed down from a long time ago, and I have been learning this since I was 15 years old. .
梁云文化大院成立于2012年，成为宁夏第一家农村“非物质文化遗产陈列馆”，也是固原市非物质文化遗产保护示范大院。	The Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard was established in 2012 and became the first rural "Intangible Cultural Heritage Exhibition Hall" in Ningxia, as well as a demonstration courtyard for protecting intangible cultural heritage in Guyuan.
除了梁云文化大院，固原市原州区还涌现出120多个文化大院，79个民间演出团体，其中，有一定规模的文化大院有50多个，如沈家河文化大院、王永红文化大院、杨郎文化大院等，覆盖原州区各乡镇和街道，参演人员达5000余人。	In addition to the Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard, more than 120 cultural courtyards have appeared in Yuanzhou District of Guyuan City, as well as 79 folk performance groups, of which there are more than 50 cultural courtyards of a certain scale, such as Shenjiahe Cultural Courtyard, Wang Yonghong Cultural Courtyard, and Yang Lang Cultural Courtyard, which are dispersed all over towns and streets in the Yuanzhou District, with more than 5,000 performers.
这些草根艺人活跃于田间地头，丰富了群众的文化生活，满足了他们的精神需求。	These grassroots artists are active in their fields, enriching the cultural life of the masses and satisfying the public’s cultural needs.
“随着生活越来越好，传统文化不能就这么被落下。”	"As life gets better and better, traditional culture can't just be utterly forgotten. .
“柳氏谍战剧”再度归来《胜算》看柳云龙李立群对手“飙戏”-新华网	“Liu’s Spy TV Series” Returns with The Possibility of Victory with Performances from Liu Yunlong and Li Liqun - Xinhua Net
40集谍战大戏《胜算》将于7月16日起登陆北京卫视。	The 40-episode spy TV series The Possibility of Victory will be broadcast on Beijing TV on July 16.
《胜算》根据真实史实改编，取材于尘封多年、首次面世的苏联军事档案。	The Possibility of Victory is adapted from real historical facts, which was based on military archives of the Soviet Union which have been sealed for many years and revealed to the public for the first time.
以“谍战剧”为观众熟知的演员柳云龙在剧中突破形象，挑战了一位颇具喜感的“口吃特工”。	Liu Yunlong, an actor well-known for his spy TV series, has made a breakthrough new work of art, acting as a “stuttering service agent” who is comical, which is soon to be broadcast.
近几年，《伪装者》《面具》《风筝》等剧的走红，都证明着谍战类型剧有着旺盛的生命力。	In recent years, the popularity of TV series including Pretender, Mask, and Kite proves the great appeal of spy TV series.
不同于以往的谍战作品，《胜算》放眼世界，将故事背景外延至苏联远东战场。	Different from previous spy TV series, The Possibility of Victory takes a global view, extending its context to Far Eastern battlefield in the Soviet Union.
它以1944年抗日战争最后阶段为背景，讲述了中共秘密情报工作人员唐飞（柳云龙饰），在中国地下党林河省委书记和苏联远东情报局局长的领导下，执行苏军远东情报局的“穆丹乌拉”谋略行动的故事。	It is based in the final stage of the Resistance War against the Japanese invasion in 1944, and tells the story about Tang Fei (played by Liu Yunlong), a secret agent of the Communist Party of China, who, led by Communist Party’s President of Linhe Province and Director of Far Eastern Information Bureau of Soviet Union, executes the Soviet Union’s “Mudanura” strategic plan.
不少谍战剧中，男主角作为高级间谍，一出场就是帅气、高智商、成熟的完美形象。	In many spy TV series, the heroes are all impeccably handsome and mature super spies with superb IQ’s when they first appear on screen.
但在柳云龙看来，这样的人并不适合做间谍，“间谍应该是那种放人堆儿里根本找不着的人，如果一出场就是那种很装很帅的形象，恨不得所有人都要注意你，还能潜伏吗？《风筝》里有一句台词，‘你不来抓我，我都忘记自己是个国民党了’，间谍要去精英化。”	But in the opinion of Liu Yunlong, such people are not suitable to be spies, “Spies should be someone who won’t be recognized in the mass, and if he or she appears cool or handsome at first glance, he or she will attract nearly all the attention, so how can he or she hide in the enemy’s camp? There is a line in Kite, “If you hadn’t caught me, I would have nearly forgetten my identity as a member of Nationalist Party of China”, which shows how spies should not be presented as elites. ”
所以在《胜算》中，柳云龙别出心裁地将他饰演的主人公唐飞设计成一个带有喜感的“口吃特工”。	Therefore, in The Possibility of Victory, Liu Yunlong’s original idea was to design the hero Tang Fei as a comical “stuttering secret agent”.
《胜算》中的另一方阵营，是由梁冠华饰演的日本人福原和李立群饰演的警察厅厅长方世宝合力撑起来的。	The “enemy” camp in The Possibility of Victory, is led by the Japanese Fukuwara, played by Liang Guanhua, and Director of the Police Fang Shibao, played by Li Liqun.
一南一北两位实力派戏骨，为整部剧增添了许多高手过招的看点。	These two skilled actors, one of whom comes from Northern China and the other from Southern China, invigorate multiple wonderful scenes in the TV series.
导演殷飞用“飙戏”一词形容剧中李立群与柳云龙的对手戏，“绝对是飙戏，他们二位特别默契，他们身上的这种默契对我来讲非常有冲击力。很多时候他们的戏都是‘现挂’的，例如我们只写了半页纸的长度，拍摄时我不喊停，他俩就能一直演下去。”	The director Yin Fei describes the performance of Li Liqun and Liu Yunlong as “an acting battle”, “It was definitely a battle, they coordinated very well with each other, which was very moving for me. At many times, their performance was “improvised”, for instance, the script was only half a page, but without my disruption, they would continue their performance. ”
高手之间互不抢戏，导演也不去搅戏，当演员都在角色之中并保证自己人物状态的时候，不仅可以从人物角度出发去塑造角色，还能给观众带来更多的观看可能性，殷飞说这样的戏才够出彩。	Masters don’t steal the show from others, and directors never disrupt a performance; all the actors were immersed in the characters, allowing them to not only craft the roles from the perspective of their characters, but also create more possibilities for the audience, and Yin Fei praised such performances as marvelous.
剧中，还能看到许多“柳氏谍战剧”中熟悉的面庞，《风筝》中名震一时、威风凛凛的“山城F4”，在《胜算》中也聚齐了三位。	In the TV series, many familiar faces from “Liu’s spy TV series” can also be seen; for instance, three actors from the popular and influential “Mountain Town F4” in Kite have roles in The Possibility of Victory.
曾饰演宋孝安和赵简之的侯煜与刘名洋，此次再度饰演唐飞的左膀右臂。	Hou Yu and Liu Mingyang, who play Song Xiao’an and Zhao Jianzhi respectively, serve as Tang Fei’s core assistants again.
导演殷飞介绍道，“这两个人身上没有劣根性，他们只不过在那个时代、那个环境中随波逐流了。”	Director Yin Fei said, “They don’t have any deep-rooted bad habits, they just followed the mainstream in that era, and that environment. ”
柳云龙也主动提出，“我们要有人情味。这个人情味就是指我身边的人一定有好的有坏的，坏的人是敌人，但也要把他们发展起来，我们的队伍也要壮大起来。”	Liu Yunlong also said, “We should care about humanity.” This means that there must be good and bad people, and the villains are enemies, but they should be presented well, and the good guys should also be presented properly. ”
剧中这两人的走向结局也是柳云龙精心设计过的，他相信将给观众交上一份满意的答卷。	The endings of the two characters were also carefully designed by Liu Yunlong, who believes that they will satisfy the audience.
（记者邱伟）	(Journalist: Qiu Wei)
内蒙古阿荣旗4名学生溺水身亡 官方：该事件敲响警钟-中新网	4 Students Drowned In Arun Banner Inner Mongolia, Official Sources: Time to Sound the Alarm on This Issue-ChinaNews.com
中新网呼伦贝尔7月26日电(记者 李爱平)25日晚间，记者从内蒙古自治区呼伦贝尔市阿荣旗政府获悉，当地4名学生因溺水不幸身亡。	Chinanews.com, July 26, Hulun Buir (reported by Li Aiping) In the evening of 25th, this reporter learned from the Arun Banner government of Hulun Buir City that 4 local students died tragically from drowning.
7月24日15时50分，阿荣旗公安局110接到报警称，当地有6名初中学生溺水。	At 15:50pm on July 24, Arun Banner Police 110 received a call reporting 6 middle school students drowning.
接警后，当地民警第一时间赶往现场，当场救出2名学生，随后当地应急局、水利局等单位相继赶到现场，全程参与救援。	Local police rushed to the scene right after the call and saved 2 students, while local authorities such as the Emergency Bureau and Water Resources Bureau arrived at the scene later and participated in the rescue.
据介绍，救援现场共出动公安民警、森警、消防、医护等80余人，派出3艘橡皮艇对周边水域持续打捞，并聘请专业救援队抵达现场，通过声纳探测进行水下搜索。	It is said that there were over 80 people at the rescue site, including police, forest rangers, fire fighters, and paramedics, 3 rubber boats were used to search the surrounding waters, and a specialist rescue team was hired for to conduct an underwater search with sonar detection.
记者了解到，当地救援人员于7月25日6时40分发现第一名遇难学生，于25日11时30分发现第二名遇难学生，于25日12时40分发现第三名遇难学生，25日13时34分发现最后一名遇难学生，以上4人打捞上岸后，经当地120急救中心鉴定均无生命体征。	As this reporter learned, local rescuers found the first drowned student at 6:40am on July 25, the second at 11:30am, the third at 12:40pm, and the last one at 13:34pm, and the local 120 Emergency Center confirmed none had any vital signs when brought out of the water.
官方表示，此次溺水事件给全社会敲响了警钟。	Officials warned that this incident should be a warning for the whole of society.
目前，当地政府相关部门正在整理一些预防溺水知识，希望悲剧不再发生。	Currently, the local government is compiling drowning prevention education materials, hoping to stop such a tragedy from happening again.
新华社香港7月25日电 香港特区政府财经事务及库务局局长许正宇表示，香港的金融市场仍保持活跃、运作有序。	Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 25: Christopher Hui Ching-yu, Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, stated that Hong Kong’s financial market remains active and well-ordered.
他对香港金融稳定及经济表示乐观。	He also said he is optimistic about Hong Kong’s financial stability and economy.
许正宇在香港驻多伦多经济贸易办事处及港加商会（加拿大总会）24日（多伦多时间）合办的网上研讨会上表示，香港因为“修例风波”和新冠肺炎疫情，经历着艰难的状况。	On the 24th (Toronto time), in an online forum co-hosted by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Toronto and the Hong Kong-Canada Business Association (Canada), Christopher Hui Ching-yu stated that Hong Kong is in the midst of adverse conditions due to the “anti-extradition amendment movement” and the COVID-19 epidemic.
港元汇价稳定并偏向强方兑换保证水平。	The Hong Kong dollar’s exchange rate is stable and favors the HKMA exchange rate.
银行体系没有明显的资金流出迹象，相反，自6月以来超过110亿美元资金流入。	There are no obvious indications of capital outflows in the banking system, in fact since June, there have been more than 11 billion USD in capital inflows.
银行的存款总额在过去几个月也持续增加，股票市场有一连串公开招股集资活动，市场成交屡见上升。	Over the past few months, total bank deposits have also continued to increase, there has been a series of IPO’s, and market transactions are increasing.
许正宇说，新冠肺炎疫情为全球经济及金融市场带来压力，但香港的基本优势仍然保持不变。	Christopher Hui Ching-yu says that while the COVID-19 epidemic has created pressure on the global economy and financial market, Hong Kong’s fundamental advantages remain the same.
香港拥有的多项优势，包括地理、法治、高速通讯、资讯和资金自由流通以及简单低税制，使香港持续成为领先的国际金融中心。	Hong Kong’s many advantages that make it a leading international center for finance include location, rule of law, high-speed telecommunications, the free flow of capital and information, and a simple tax system with low tax rates.
许正宇指出，特区政府在“防疫抗疫基金”预留60亿港元，未来两年在公营及私营界别创造约3万个有时限的职位，涵盖不同技能及学历人士。	He states that the SAR government has provided 6 billon HKD in “epidemic prevention and epidemic-related funding” to create roughly 30,000 time-limited jobs over the next two years to cover people with a variety of backgrounds and educational qualifications.
为支持金融科技的发展，特区政府也已推出“千人计划”，资助本地金融科技公司、初创及其他有金融科技相关业务的企业，以创造1000个新职位，聘用本地人才及丰富香港的金融科技人才库。	To support fintech development, the SAR government has launched the “Thousand Talents Plan” to subsidize local fintech startups and companies with fintech-related business to create 1,000 new jobs, hire local labor, and diversify Hong Kong’s fintech talent pool.
展望未来，许正宇对香港的金融稳定及经济表示乐观。	Christopher Hui Ching-yu said he is optimistic about Hong Kong’s future financial stability and economy.
他鼓励加拿大企业善用香港的优势及其作为国际金融中心、国际资产及财富管理中心以及全球离岸人民币业务枢纽的地位，在粤港澳大湾区及附近地区发展及投资。	He encouraged Canadian companies to make use of Hong Kong’s advantages and its role as a center for international finance, an international asset an wealth management center, and a global offshore CNY hub to develop and make investments in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.
《柳叶刀》刊文赞扬中国抗疫努力 鼓励各国学习经验-中新网	The Lancet Article Praise China’s Pandemic Efforts and Encourages Countries to Learn from Its Experience-ChinaNews.com
《柳叶刀》杂志25日刊文表示，中国作为一个拥有14亿人口，规模与欧洲或美国相似的国家，现阶段新冠疫情得到有效控制，而没有再出现大范围传播的情况，在很大程度上控制住了国内的疫情。	The Lancet published an article on the 25th, saying that China, as a country with 1.4 billion population and the size similar to Europe or the U.S., has effectively contained COVID-19 outbreak at this stage, with no mass transmission again, and that it has the domestic pandemic under control to a great extent.
文章表示，在近十多年时间里，中国对国内研究和公共卫生建设方面进行了大量的投资，这使得中国对新冠的准备比当年严重急性呼吸道综合征(SARS)的准备要充分得多。	As the article mentioned, China’s large investment in domestic research and public health reinforcement over the past decade made China much more prepared for COVID-19 than it was for Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
作者表示，2002年SARS暴发时，起初中国准备不足，尤其是病原体无法确定。	The author wrote, when SARS broke out in 2002, China wasn’t prepared at the beginning, especially since it wasn’t able to identify the pathogen.
当2019年12月发现新冠病毒时，中国科学家很快就能够鉴定出病毒种类，并于2020年1月11日与国际共享了基因组测序数据。	When coronavirus was discovered in December 2019, Chinese scientists quickly identified the species of the virus and shared the genome sequencing data with the international community on January 11, 2020.
到1月底，来自中国大陆和香港的医生阐明了该病毒的临床特征，通过在《柳叶刀》上发表的研究论文，向世界警告了新冠病毒的威胁。	By the end of January, doctors from Mainland China and Hong Kong knew the clinical characteristics of the virus and published research papers in The Lancet to warn the world about the threat of the coronavirus.
中国也一直处于疫苗研究的最前沿，在国家宣布紧急状态下，通过国内的紧密合作，这样的研究非常迅速而严格地展开，5月和7月，分别在《柳叶刀》上公布了中国开发的新冠疫苗早期试验取得进展的结果。	China is also on the frontline of vaccine research, and when the national emergency state was announced, vaccine research was conducted swiftly and rigorously through close domestic collaborations; in May and July, early trial results of COVID-19 vaccines developed by China were published in The Lancet.
中国的经验表明，对国家卫生和研究体系进行投资，有效提高实验室能力是非常重要的。	China’s experience shows the importance of investment in national health and research systems to effectively improve laboratory capabilities.
这是国家对卫生紧急情况和全球卫生安全做出快速有效反应的基础。	It’s the foundation of a nation’s fast and effective response to health emergencies and global health safety issues.
其他国家，特别是低收入和中等收入国家来说，非常值得借鉴和学习。	It’s a lesson worth learning for other countries, especially low and middle income countries.
此外，中国的经验证明，在强大的研究基础上，必须有强有力的高层果断地凭借科学依据来作出正确决策，这才使得新冠疫情得到有效控制。	Aside from strong research capabilities, China’s experience proves that strong leadership is necessary to make right decisions based on science, and was key to the effective control of COVID-19.
文章强调，政府及其领导人必须尊重科学，理解科学的价值，并以对社会最有利的方式对其采取行动。	The article underlines the fact that a government and its leaders must respect science and understand the value of science, so as to take actions most beneficial to society.
在暴发初期，中国国家卫建委派出三组传染病专家前往武汉，调查新冠病毒的风险和传播，他们的建议为1月23日武汉“封城”的决定提供了依据；当有专家提出建设方舱医院必要性和紧迫性时，政府很快做出了决定并快速实施；同时，社区和群众的广泛参与，也使得疫情快速有效地被控制。	At the beginning of the outbreak, National Health Commission of China sent three groups of infectious disease experts to Wuhan to investigate risks and transmission of the coronavirus, whose suggestions informed the decision to “lock down” Wuhan on January 23, and when some experts presented the necessity and urgency to build mobile cabin hospitals, the government quickly made the decision and implemented their advice while also seeking broad engagement with communities and the people, which contributed to the fast and effective control over the outbreak.
文章最后强调，应对全球性的卫生紧急情况，各国需要加强全球合作，联合应对。	In the end, the article emphasizes, when facing global health emergencies, countries should strengthen global collaboration to jointly combat challenges.
总台记者 杨洪	Reported by: Yang Hong
内蒙古自治区乌海市委原巡视员白金海被开除党籍 -中新网	Former Inspector Bai Jinhai of Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Expelled from the CPC-ChinaNews.com
中新网7月26日电 据内蒙古自治区纪委监委消息：日前，经内蒙古自治区党委批准，内蒙古自治区纪委监委对乌海市委原巡视员白金海严重违纪违法问题进行了立案审查调查。	Chinanews.com, July 26: According to information from the Discipline Inspection Commission and Supervisory Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, as approved by the Party Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Bai Jinhai, former inspector of Wuhai City, is being investigated by the Discipline Inspection Commission and Supervisory Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region for serious violations of party disciplines and law.
经查，白金海身为党员领导干部，理想信念丧失，为一己私利公然违背党性原则，对抗巡视整改；组织观念淡漠，违规为他人安排调动工作并在干部选拔任用中收受他人财物；经济上贪婪，违规经商办企业获取巨额利益，搞权钱交易，以权谋私；生活腐化，造成不良影响。	Through investigation, Bai Jinhai was found to have lost his belief as a party member and a leader, openly defied Party principles and resisted inspection and rectification over personal interests; he showed no respect to the organization, arranged position transfers against rules, and accepted financial benefits during candidate selection and appointment; his greed for economic gains is shown in starting businesses against regulations for huge profits and power-for-money deals; his abuse of power and corrupted life have caused an adverse effect.
白金海严重违反政治纪律、组织纪律、廉洁纪律、生活纪律，构成职务违法并涉嫌受贿犯罪、贪污犯罪，且在党的十八大后不收敛、不收手，性质恶劣、情节严重，应予严肃处理。	Bai Jinhai seriously violated political, organizational and personal discipline and integrity, abused his position for illegal activities and is suspected of bribe-taking and corruption, and the Party’s 18th session didn’t slow him down or stop him, but such heinous behavior shall be dealt with sternly.
依据《中国共产党纪律处分条例 》 《 中华人民共和国监察法》等有关规定，经内蒙古自治区纪委常委会会议审议并报内蒙古自治区党委批准，决定给予白金海开除党籍处分，按规定调整其享受的待遇；收缴其违纪违法所得；将其涉嫌犯罪问题移送检察机关依法审查起诉，所涉财物随案移送。	As per requirements of the Regulations of the Communist Party of China on Disciplinary Punishment, Law of the People's Republic of China on Supervision and other regulations, after review by the Standing Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Discipline Inspection Commission and submission to the Party Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region for approval, Bai Jinhai is to be expelled from the Party and his treatment adjusted accordingly; his illegal gains are to be confiscated, and he will be investigated and charged under the law for his alleged criminal offenses; involved financial items will be transferred with the case.
当地时间25日下午，一架小型飞机在德国北威州韦瑟尔县撞上一座多层住宅楼的顶层，事故共造成三人死亡。	A total of three people were killed on the afternoon of 25 local time when a small aircraft crashed into the top floor of a multi-storey residential building in Kreis Wesel County, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
杜伊斯堡检方、韦瑟尔县警察局和韦瑟尔市消防部门当天晚间联合发布声明称，当天14时40分左右，一架两座小型飞机撞上位于韦瑟尔县辉柏斯坎普街一栋多层住宅楼顶层阁楼的住宅，造成三人丧生。	The Duisburg prosecutors, the Wessel Police Department and the Wessel Fire Department issued a joint statement later that day, saying that at around 14:40, a two-seater small plane crashed into the penthouse of a multi-storey residential building on Huiberskamp Street in Wessel County, killing three people.
其当天从北威州鲁尔区马尔市起飞，在韦瑟尔县的机场中途停靠后再度起飞，随后撞上住宅楼。	The plane took off from Marl in the Ruhr-gebiet of North Rhine-Westphalia, stopped at the airport in Wesel County, and then took off again before the crash.
死者身份或为遭撞击住宅内的一名女性住户和小型飞机上两名乘客。	The deceased have identified as a female occupant of the residence and the two passengers in the plane.
房内一名两岁儿童仅受轻伤，被平安救出。	A two-year-old child inside the house suffered only minor injuries and was safely rescued.
房内其余住户未在事故中受伤，但情绪仍未平复。	The remaining occupants of the house were not injured in the accident, but are still in a state of shock.
德新社报道的现场画面显示，遭遇事故的住宅一度冒出滚滚浓烟，消防队员扑灭火情后可见房屋损毁严重。	Footage from the scene, reported by DPA, showed smoke billowing from the building where the accident occurred; after firefighters extinguished the fire, it could be seen that the building was heavily damaged.
目前，飞机失事原因尚不明确。	The cause of the crash is still unclear.
《莱茵邮报》援引警方说法报道称，有线索表明，飞机或在撞上住宅楼前就已解体。	Citing the police’s explanation, the Rheinische Post reported that there were clues that the plane may have disintegrated before it hit the residential building.
警方表示，在事故现场一带发现了失事飞机的多块零部件。	Police said that several parts of the crashed plane were found in the vicinity of the accident.
德国刑警正与杜伊斯堡检方、德国联邦航空事故调查局共同调查导致这一事故的原因。	The German criminal police are investigating the cause of the crash together with the Duisburg prosecutors and BFU.
记者当天从中国驻杜塞尔多夫总领事馆了解到，该馆与当地警局及消防部门取得联系，据现场判断，伤亡人员中无中国公民。	This reporter learned from the Consulate-General of the People's Republic of China In Dusseldorf on the same day that the consulate contacted the local police and fire service, and judging from the scene, there were no Chinese citizens among the casualties.
新加坡卫生部26日宣布，截至当天12时，新加坡新增新冠确诊病例481例，累计确诊50369例；累计死亡病例27例。	The Ministry of Health of Singapore announced on the 26th that as of 12 o'clock that day, the latest development came as another 481 people in Singapore tested positive for COVID-19, and the country now has a total of 50,369 cases and 27 deaths.
数据显示，新增确诊病例中，5例为本地社区病例，4例为输入病例，其余为居住在专用宿舍的外籍劳工。	Data showed that among the newly confirmed cases, 5 were local community cases, 4 were imported cases, and the rest were foreign workers living in dedicated dormitories.
新加坡卫生部说，新增确诊病例98%与已知感染病例有关。	The Ministry of Health of Singapore reported that 98% of the newly confirmed cases were related to known infections.
目前仍有173名新冠患者在医院接受治疗，其中大多数患者病情稳定或改善，没有人在重症监护室。	There are still 173 confirmed COVID-19 cases receiving treatment in the hospital, most of whom are in stable or improving condition, and no one is in the intensive care unit.
此外，有4648人在社区设施隔离。	In addition, 4,648 people are quarantined in communities.
新加坡新冠感染人群中，外籍劳工占绝大多数。	Foreign workers account for the vast majority of people infected with COVID-19 in Singapore.
据统计，新加坡有20万名外籍劳工住在43个外籍劳工专用宿舍，还有大约10万名外籍劳工住在其他类型宿舍。	According to statistics, there are 200,000 foreign workers living in 43 dedicated dormitories for foreign workers, and about 100,000 foreign workers living in other types of dormitories.
新加坡抗疫跨部门工作小组日前表示，新加坡政府正加紧为最后几个新冠感染率较高的外籍劳工专用宿舍进行检测。	The Singapore Anti-pandemic Interdepartmental Working Group recently stated that the Singapore government was stepping up testing for the last few foreign workers’ dormitories with high rates of COVID-19 infection.
在完成所有专用宿舍的检测之后，绝大多数外籍劳工将可复工，但他们仍须定期进行新冠检测。	After completing the testing of all dedicated dormitories, the vast majority of foreign workers will be able to return to work, but they will still have to undergo regular COVID-19 testing.
大鹏导演《吉祥如意》入围金爵奖-新华网	The Reunions Directed by Da Peng Nominated by SIFF for Golden Goblet Awards - Xinhua Net
7月18日，第二十三届上海国际电影节公布了金爵奖官方入选影片名单。	On July 18, 2020, the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival announced the official nominated films for Golden Goblet Awards.
大鹏导演的首部现实题材影片《吉祥如意》，成功入围本届上影节金爵奖，同时影片官方发布了首款海报。	The first realistic film, The Reunions, directed by Da Peng, was nominated for the 23rd SIFF Golden Goblet Awards, and at the same time published its first poster.
海报 片方供图	Poster provided by producer
影片《吉祥如意》是大鹏导演的第一部现实题材作品，也是他与金爵奖的二度结缘。	The Reunions is Da Peng’s first realistic film, and is his second brush with the Golden Goblet Awards.
该片讲述了这样一个故事：一位喜剧片导演突发奇想，回到东北农村老家，希望将一家人如何过年拍成一部文艺电影，结果遭遇一系列意外。	It tells the story of a comedy director who has a sudden inspiration to return her hometown village in Northeast China and make an art movie about famiiy reunions during Spring Festival, but who encounters a series of accidents.
因拍电影而聚齐的家庭成员们，完成了最后的聚会。	The family members finally together for the film and have their final reunion.
在今日发布的电影海报中，这个家庭中的一员 — — “三舅”王吉祥坐在画面中央抽着烟，背景是披上银装的东北黑土地，前景是中国人逢年过节必挂的红灯笼。	On the film poster published today, a member of the family, “Third Uncle” Wang Jixiang, sits in the center with a cigarette, and in the background is the black land of Northeast China covered by white snow, while the foreground is red lanterns hung for festivals.
象征着喜庆、团圆的红灯笼与身影落寞的王吉祥形成了巨大反差，似乎也透露了这个大家庭关系中的复杂与纠结。	The red lanterns symbolizing festivity and reunion contrast sharply with the lonely Wang Jixiang, and seem to show the complexity of large families.
据悉，影片中，除了“三舅”王吉祥的女儿由演员刘陆扮演，其余戏份均由真实的导演家人完成，影片实验性的视听风格，打破了戏剧与真实的边界，带给观众全新的浸入式观影体验。	According to reports, in the film, apart from the daughter of the “third uncle” Wang Jixiang, played by Liu Lu, all other characters were played by the directors’ family themselves, and this experimental audiovisual style breaks down the border between drama and reality, bringing about a brand new immersive experience for the audience.
据导演大鹏介绍 ，《吉祥如意》的创作源自“一场天意 ” ， 拍摄期间家庭突如其来的一系列变故，让原本的拍摄计划不得不随之改变，没有剧本的生活最终被记录成电影，却释放出超越设计的张力。	According to Da Peng, inspiration came from “accidents”, a series of family accidents during production, which changed the original production plan; the use of real-life performances without scripts was finally recorded as a film, creating a film far different from what he originally imagined.
导演大鹏究竟如何面对这场“天意 ” ， 又该如何继续迎接这场天意带来的种种改变呢？	How did Da Peng face these “accidents”, and how did he embrace the changes brought about by the “accidents”?
毫无疑问《吉祥如意》是充满实验性的，几乎全素人的阵容和创新的视听风格将镜头前的生活变成了一部电影，在真实影像的包裹下，观众也会从影片所呈现的家庭中找到自己和家人的影子，随着影片中这场家庭聚会的落幕，唤起一系列思考。	There is no doubt that The Reunions is fully experimental: none of the cast are professionally trained, and the audiovisual style is quite creative, which transforms life into a movie, and composed of real-life videos, the audience will certainly find someone like themselves and their family, so that at the end of the film, it inspires deep thoughts.
NEWS.GOV.MO: 新型冠状病毒感染应变协调中心查询热线统计数字(7月25日08H00-7月26日08H00)	NEWS.GOV.MO: The Statistical Data of the Covid-19 Infection Response and Coordination Centre Enquiry Hotline (July 25 08H00 - July 26 08H00)
由2020年07月25日08H00 至7月26日08H00，新型冠状病毒感染应变协调中心的查询热线共接获292宗电话查询。	From 08H00 on July 25, 2020 to 08H00 on July 26, 2020, the inquiry hotline of the Covid-19 Infection Response and Coordination Center received a total of 292 calls.
关于疫情的291宗查询，已即时转线至相关部门代表跟进，情况如下：	The 291 enquiries on the epidemic situation were forwarded to representatives of relevant departments to follow-up immediately, and the situation is as follows:
卫生局271宗 (涉及：查询关于隔离；查询核酸检测；查询两地牌；健康码；其他。）	Health Bureau - 271 cases (involving: inquiries about quarantine; inquiries about nucleic acid testing; inquiries about bi-regional license plates; health code; others. )
治安警察局 17宗 (涉及：查询出入境措施；查询粤澳两地牌车辆出入境措施；查询珠海政务热线；查询证件逗留问题。）	Public Security Police Bureau - 17 cases (involving: inquiries about the border entry and exit measures; inquiries about the border entry and exit measures of vehicles with Guangdong and Macao license plates; inquiries about Zhuhai Government hotline; inquiries about the problem of residence status documents) )
旅游局1宗 (涉及：查询隔离酒店问题。）	Tourism Bureau 1 case (involving: inquiry about quarantine hotels. )
教育暨青年局 1宗 (涉及：查询澳门学生返回英国读书的方法。）	Education and Youth Bureau 1 case (involving: inquiry about methods for students from Macao to resume their study in the UK). )
海事及水务局 1宗 (涉及：询问香港渔船进港是否需要向海事及水务局申报及核酸检测相关事宜。）	Marine and Water Bureau 1 case (involving: inquiries on whether Hong Kong fishing boats need to report to the Marine and Water Bureau upon entering port and matters related to nucleic acid testing. )
巴弄卓康哨点，排长余旺和一名战士执勤站岗。	Platoon leader Yu Wang and a soldier stand guard at the Banong Zhuokang Sentinel Post.
在这个年平均气温零下十几度的地方，一排简单的营房矗立在山口，营房不远处一面国旗迎风飘扬，战士们每日在风中执勤站岗，同时需定期前往海拔更高的地点巡逻。	In this place where the average temperature annually is more than ten degrees below zero, a row of simply-decorated barracks stands at the pass, with a national flag flying in the wind not far from the barracks; soldiers here are on duty every day in the wind, while regularly patrolling to higher-altitude locations.
战士们爬上乱石堆陡坡，需手脚并用。	The soldiers climb up steep and rocky slopes on their hands and feet.
时值7月下旬，正是低海拔地区花草繁茂的时候，而在巴弄卓康，只有营房后面的山沟中才有相对密集的绿色。	In late July, when lower altitudes are covered with flowers and leafy plants, only the ravine behind the barracks is relatively dense with greenery in Banong Zhuokang.
在该哨点已经驻守6年的战士高鹏指着山沟说，这是他们的后花园，每年只有七八月份才能看到青草缓慢长出，在不久之后，全部变黄，被积雪覆盖。	Gao Peng, a soldier who has been stationed at the post for six years, pointed to the ravine and said that it was their back garden, and that only in July and August every year can they see the grass growing slowly, and shortly afterwards it all turns yellow and is covered with snow.
徒步巡逻，耗时可能要9个小时左右。	A single foot patrol can take around nine hours.
恶劣的高原环境下，驻守在这里的战士们常年与雪山和冰川为伴，他们还要定期走向海拔更高的山口巡逻。	In the tough plateau environment, the soldiers stationed here are constantly in the company of snow-capped mountains and glaciers, and they need to patrol passes on foot at high altitudes regularly.
日前，由8名战士组成的巡逻队，在指导员梁艺馨的带领下又一次走上了巡逻路。	Now, a patrol team of eight soldiers, led by instructor Liang Yixin, takes to the patrol route once again.
每名战士负重30斤左右，一大早向目标点进发。	Each soldier carries a weight of about 30 jin, and heads for the destination early in the morning.
途中一名战士高反，战友们紧急救护。	On the way, one soldier suffers from altitude sickness and is helped by his partners.
除巡逻任务外，巴弄卓康哨点的战士们每天都要进行战术和体能训练。	In addition to patrol duty, soldiers at the Banong Zhuokang Sentinel Post also need to conduct tactical and physical training on a daily basis.
时间一分一秒而过，海拔不断上升，氧气含量越来越低，体力不断透支，这些因素考验着巡逻队员的意志。	The oxygen level gets lower and lower as time passes and the altitude rises, and these factors test the will of patrol members whose physical strength has been constantly overexerted.
他们咬牙坚持，相继跨过几处塌方点，越过几处急难险滩。	Yet they grit their teeth and persevered in crossing several landslides and challenging rapids.
16时许，是巡逻队员们的午餐时间，他们拿出自带干粮，在海拔5700多米的地方就地而坐，伴随雨夹雪，用食物补充体力。	At around 16:00, it was lunchtime for the patrol, and they sat down on the ground at an altitude of more than 5,700 meters, regardless of rain and snow, to replenish their strength with solid food for lunch.
巴弄卓康哨点的战士们进行战术和体能训练。	The soldiers at the Banong Zhuokang Sentinel Post need to conduct tactical and physical training on a daily basis.
休息期间，他们会一起玩牌，输家要做俯卧撑，既能娱乐，也能锻炼体能。	During breaks, they play cards together, and the loser is required to do push-ups, which is both entertaining and good for body building.
在寒风中短暂休息后，他们爬上此次巡逻目标点位置，在山口上拿出国旗，庄严宣誓。	After a short break in the cold wind, they climbed up to the destination of this patrol, and when they arrived, they took out the national flag on the mountain pass and swore a solemn oath.
身后是皑皑雪山，他们前方是几十公里的无人区，他们，是国门最安全的守护者。	Behind them are the snow-capped mountains, and in front of them was a no-man's land stretching for dozens of kilometers, but they are the trustworthy guardians of this national gate.
北京消费季重启-新华网	“Beijing Consumption Season” resumes - Xinhuanet
北京市按照“全面重启、重点策划、有序推进、严密组织”的原则重启北京消费季各项活动。	Based on the principles of “comprehensive resumption, focused planning, orderly progression, and tight-knit organization”, the various activities of the “Beijing Consumption Season” have been resumed.
7月26日发放150万张政企消费券，其中线下餐饮购物券100万张、智能产品券50万张，消费者可在京东APP领取。	On July 26th, 1.5 million government and consumption vouchers were released, of which 1 million were offline dining and shopping vouchers and 500,000 were smart product vouchers, which could be claimed by consumers on the JD app.
北京市商务局副局长刘梅英在25日举行的媒体通气会上介绍，重启后的消费季在保持现有消费券卡包优惠补贴力度基础上，进一步降低企业配资。	On the 25th, Liu Meiying, deputy secretary of the Beijing Municipal Commerce Bureau, explained at a press conference that after the resumption, existing enterprise subsidies for consumption vouchers will be kept in place, and enterprise capital allocations will be further reduced.
从8月上旬开始将政府和企业出资目前1∶1配资调整为2∶1，比如原来消费者领取一个卡包到店消费后如果可享受120元优惠，其中政府补贴60元、企业让利60元；调整后政府补贴80元、企业让利40元。	From the start of August, the current 1:1 allocation of government capital for enterprises will be changed to 2:1, meaning that if a consumer has a discount voucher worth 120 yuan at a particular store, originally, the government subsidy was 60 yuan, and the enterprise contribution was 60 yuan; after the adjustment, the government subsidy is 80 yuan, and the enterprise contribution is 40 yuan.
消费季期间，三大运营商将围绕5G消费对流量及终端进行补贴，进一步推动北京5G新基建和5G新消费。	During the Consumption Season event, the three major telecom carriers will provide subsidized 5G quota and terminals to further promote Beijing’s new 5G infrastructure and 5G consumption.
陈茂波指香港经济因疫情再次暴发受打击 吁各界共度时艰-中新网	Paul Chan Mo-po says Hong Kong’s economy suffers again due to a new epidemic outbreak, calls on all sectors to work together to overcome difficulties - chinanews.com
中新社香港7月26日电 香港特区政府财政司司长陈茂波26日表示，香港正面对新一波的新冠肺炎疫情冲击，原本略见复苏苗头的商业往来及经济活动也受到打击。	China News Service, Hong Kong, reported July 26th Financial Secretary of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Paul Chan Mo-po, said on the 26th that Hong Kong faces a new COVID-19 outbreak, and that even businesses and economic sectors which had shown signs of recovery were being affected.
特区政府再次呼吁各大小业主减租，与零售商户、食肆及中小企业共度时艰。	The SAR government again called on all large and small property owners to reduce rents to allow retailers, restaurants, and small and medium-sized businesses to get through this difficult period.
陈茂波当日在网上发表题为《崎岖的复苏之路》的文章。	The same day, Paul Chan Mo-po published an article online entitled “The Difficult Road to Recovery”.
他表示，香港近期新冠肺炎确诊个案数字高，形势严峻，影响了社会民生，也困扰着经济。	He said that the high number of new confirmed COVID-19 cases recently in Hong Kong and the SAR’s dire situation have impacted people’s livelihoods and disrupted the economy.
在疫情反复时首要的是严防输入个案，并以最快速度处理及中断病毒传播链；当疫情受控后，则应适时相应地恢复经济活动。	As a new wave of the outbreak emerges, the most important tasks are to prevent imported cases and quickly handle and interrupt the chain of infection; once the epidemic is under control, economic activity can resume at the appropriate time.
他指出，面对新一波疫情冲击，原本略见复苏苗头的商业往来及经济活动也受到打击。	He also pointed out that with the new wave of infections, even businesses and economic sectors which had shown signs of recovery were being affected.
对商界而言，在合约精神之外，社会责任亦同样重要，尤其是那些在“保就业计划”里取得政府大额补助的集团。	For those in the business world, a sense of responsibility is just as important as keeping contracts, especially among companies that have received large government subsidies from the Employment Guarantee Program.
他提及，香港今年第二季度经济状况仍十分严峻，但收缩的态势似乎略为放缓。	He stressed that although Hong Kong’s economic distress in this year’s second quarter was severe, the contraction showed slight signs of slowing.
出口方面，他认为香港的外围形势仍然严峻。	In terms of exports, he believes that Hong Kong’s situation abroad remains dire.
陈茂波说，香港过去几十年的发展历程显示，每次危机都隐藏着新的机会，每次困难都隐藏了未来发展的钥匙。	Paul Chan Mo-po also said that Hong Kong’s history of economic over the past several decades proves that new opportunities can be found in every crisis, and that every difficulty holds the keys to future development.
台湾东部海域发生今年全台规模最大地震-中新网	Earthquake off Taiwan’s eastern coast is year’s strongest to date - chinanews.com
中新社台北7月26日电 台湾东部海域26日20时52分发生里氏规模6.1级地震，最大震度4级，全台有震感，是今年全台规模最大的地震。	China News Service, Taipei, reported July 26th: A Richter 6.1-magnitude earthquake occurred in Taiwan’s eastern waters at 20:52 on the 26th, with a maximum seismicity of 4, causing all of Taiwan to feel the shaking, which was Taiwan’s strongest earthquake this year.
综合中央社、中时电子报、ETtoday新闻云等台媒报道，台湾气象部门测报，此次地震的震中位于宜兰县政府东南方86.5公里，即台湾东部海域，震源深度53公里。	According to reports from the Central News Agency, the China Times, ETtoday, and other Taiwanese media, Taiwan’s China Weather Bureau measurements place the earthquake’s epicenter 86.5 km from the provincial capital, in the ocean southeast of the island, with a focal depth of 53 km.
中国地震台网则测定此次地震为5.5级。	The China Earthquake Network rated the earthquake level at 5.5.
全台各地最大震度为：花莲县4级，宜兰县、台东县、南投县、云林县3级，另有其他县市测得1到2级震度。	Across Taiwan, the highest earthquake intensity was felt in Hualien County at Level 4, Yilan County, Taitung County, Nantou County, and Yunlin County at 3, and other counties and cities between 1 to 2.
台湾气象部门指出，此次地震为全台今年以来规模最大，属板块交界的隐没带型地震，其震中在过去就常有地震发生，今年以来也比较活跃。	Taiwan’s China Weather Bureau stated that this was the strongest earthquake of the year in Taiwan, that it was a submerged zone earthquake at the junction between tectonic plates, and that the area has experienced frequent earthquakes in the past and is relatively active this year.
未来一周内，仍不排除还有规模4级以上的余震发生。	They did not rule out that aftershocks of magnitude 4 or above may occur in the next week.
马里尼切夫说，价值的变化受卢布贬值和疫情等影响。	Marinichev said that changes in value have been affected by the devaluation of the ruble and the Covid-19 epidemic.
他说“服务成本正在增加。	He said,"The cost of services is increasing.
由于疫情，人们开始在互联网上花费更多的时间。”	Because of the epidemic, people are beginning to spend more time on the Internet. ”
马里尼切夫不排除年互联网价格将严重上涨，认为运营商可以为客户提供更高的速度和更多服务抵消人们对价格上涨的不满。	Marinichev did not rule out heavy price increases next year, arguing that operators could offer customers higher speeds and more services to offset dissatisfaction with higher prices.
《中国医生》筹拍致敬抗疫英雄-新华网	“Chinese Doctors” pays tribute in film to heroes of the fight against the epidemic - Xinhuanet
近日，带着中国电影人对抗疫英雄的敬意，博纳影业集团董事长于冬、导演刘伟强(图左）在广州与钟南山院士，就抗疫题材影片《中国医生》的拍摄制作工作进行了座谈交流。	Recently, representing the respects of Chinese filmmakers for the heroes of the fight against the epidemic, Bona Pictures board chairman Yu Dong and film director Liu Weiqiang (left in image) held a discussion and exchange symposium with academician Zhong Nanshan on the filming and production work for “Chinese Doctors”, a film about the fight against the epidemic.
博纳影业希望能借由《中国医生》，向所有战斗在疫情防控一线的医护、防疫工作者致敬！	Bona Pictures hopes, through “Chinese Doctors”, to pay tribute to all medical staff and epidemic control workers fighting on the front line in the fight against the epidemic!
2021年，该片将作为庆祝中国共产党建党100周年献礼影片全国公映。	In 2021, the film will be showed nationwide as part of the celebrations surrounding the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.
目前，博纳影业正在中宣部和国家电影局的安排部署下，广东省电影局及湖北省电影局的支持下，组织电影《中国机长》原班人马筹拍电影《中国医生》，这是一部反映在党中央的坚强领导下，全国人民团结一心抗击新冠肺炎疫情的影片。	Currently, under the arrangement and direction of the Publicity Department of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and the China Film Administration, and with the support of the Guangdong Province Film Administration and Hubei Province Film Administration, Bona Pictures is organizing the original crew of “The Captain” to film “Chinese Doctors”, a film that will reflect the unified effort of the whole nation to fight the COVID-19 epidemic under the firm leadership of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.
影片聚焦武汉抗疫一线，将以武汉医护人员及各省市援鄂医疗队为人物背景，从人性的角度，运用独特的叙事，以及极具冲击力的镜头语言，全景展现抗疫一线充满奉献和牺牲精神的中国医护人员的感人故事。	The film will focus on the front line of the fight against the epidemic in Wuhan, feature Wuhan medical personnel and the medical aid teams from the various provinces as characters, and from the perspective of different personalities, use unique narratives and highly impactful cinematic language to provide a panoramic view of the moving story of the deep spirit of dedication and sacrifice among China’s medical personnel in the fight against the epidemic.
据了解，武汉解封之日的第一时间，博纳公司便克服重重困难，派出采拍小组深入疫情一线，与数百位医护工作者面对面交流了解、搜集资料，目前已经采访到了包括钟南山院士本人、广州驰援武汉第一人、广东援鄂医疗队，以及武汉金银潭医院、武汉协和医院、武汉大学中南医院、武汉中心医院等抗疫战线最前沿的白衣天使们，拍下了大量珍贵的第一手视频资料。	It is reported that from the first moment of the day Wuhan was placed under lockdown, Bona Pictures overcame numerous obstacles to dispatch filming teams to the front lines of the fight against the epidemic, where they conducted face-to-face exchanges and footage collection with hundreds of medical workers, as well as interviews with Zhong Nanshan, the first rescue worker to arrive in Wuhan from Guangzhou, the medical aid team dispatched to Hubei from Guangdong, and the angels in white lab coats who formed the vanguard of the battle against the epidemic from institutions including Wuhan Jinyitan Hospital, Wuhan Union Hospital, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, and the Central Hospital of Wuhan, ultimately obtaining large amounts of precious first-hand footage.
钟南山院士在此次座谈会中亦对电影的拍摄提出了期待和希望：“ 我很期待，希望你们不仅要走访一些抛头露面比较多的专家，还要更多地采访在一线埋头苦干的医务人员，他们是大多数。”	At the symposium, academician Zhong Nanshan also expressed his hopes and expectations for the film, “I look forward to it, and I hope that while you feature some of the more publicly known experts, the majority of your interviews should focus on the medical workers who worked so diligently on the front lines. “
他表示，他之前看过《我和我的祖国》《中国机长》，认为以普通人视角讲述大格局故事的方法就很好。	He stated that he had previously seen “My People, My Country” and “The Captain”, and thought that telling the larger story from the perspective of ordinary people was a good technique.
“现在一些国外朋友对中国还是有一些误解。”	“Some of our foreign friends still have some misunderstandings about China. “
在谈到影片的传播时，钟南山院士表示，目前国外有些人喜欢将病毒贴上政治化标签，他希望电影能从人性的角度打动观众：“ 这部电影除了在中国放映以外，最好也能在国外放映，要用国内外观众都能理解的方式，用真正的人文精神打动观众。”	Discussing the film’s distribution, academician Zhong Nanshan said that currently, some people in foreign countries say the virus is a politicized topic, so he hopes the humanity of the film’s perspective will move the audience, “Beyond just being screened in China, it’s best if the film can also be screened abroad, so the film should be shot in a manner that allows both foreign and domestic audiences to understand and genuinely be moved. “
钟南山院士还深情回忆了上世纪80年代的影片《人到中年》，“这么多年过去了，我对改革开放后电影印象最深的还是《人到中年》，当时我国外的医生朋友们都看哭了，如果《中国医生》能够起到这样的作用，那就很了不起了。”	He fondly recalls the 1980’s film “At Middle Age”, saying, “After so many years, the opening up and reform-era film that made the deepest impression on me is still ‘At Middle Age’, which moved my foreign doctor friends to tears, so it would be wonderful if ‘Chinese Doctors’ could have the same effect. “
钟南山院士表示，如果《中国医生》能引起国外观众的共鸣，那就非常成功。	Academician Zhong Nanshan said that if “Chinese Doctors” resonates with foreign audiences, it will be a great success.
在座谈交流时，钟南山院士还分享了对当前国际疫情防控的意见和建议，“ 我相信人永远比病毒聪明。”	He also shared his opinions and advice on China’s current epidemic control work, saying, “I’m sure people will always be smarter than viruses. “
钟南山院士表示，虽说病毒难以预测，但从原始社会至今，人类已渡过了千难万险，如今现代社会有发达的医疗科技和社会管理措施，再加上全世界的医务人员、甚至老百姓都对科学应对新冠肺炎疫情有了基本认识，人们不会再像以前那么被动，“接下来要注意两个方面的工作，一是要研究全世界怎么加强合作，二是注重对人们心灵的抚慰” 。	Zhong Nanshan said that although the virus is unpredictable, since primal times, humanity has overcome countless dangers, and with the advanced medical technology and social management measures we have in modern times, as well as the help of the global medical community and the universal basic awareness of scientific measures for combatting COVID-19 among the general population, humanity will no longer be as helpless as before, “There are two things we have to focus on, the first being how to strengthen global cooperation, and the second how to provide emotional comfort and support for people.
（记者 王金跃）	(Correspondent: Wang Jinyue)
文旅“红果”聚韶山 —湘潭首届红博会见闻 -今日要闻 -湖南日报网 -华声在线	“Red Fruits” of Culture and Tourism Gathering in Shaoshan —The First Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo - News Today -Hunan Daily - www.voc.com.cn
湖南日报·新湖南客户端记者 蒋睿 通讯员 肖燕	Hunan Daily, New Hunan Client, by journalist Jiang Rui and correspondent Xiao Yan
嘉兴红船模具、韶山毛泽东铜像、延安布堆花工艺品、湘西永顺腊肉…… 7月25日，2020湖南红色旅游文化节在韶山开幕。	On July 25, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival was held in Shaoshan, which exhibits red boat molds from Jiaxing, a bronze sculpture of Chairman Mao from Shaoshan, cloth sticker handicrafts of Yan’an, Xiangxi Yongshun bacon, and so on.
作为主体活动之一，湘潭首届红色文化产业博览会在韶山全域旅游咨询集散中心开展。	As one of the main activities, the First Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan Tourism Consulting Center.
展览区红色文创产品、革命老区土特产品等琳琅满目，引来各地游客争相购买。	The red cultural and creative products in the exhibition area and the local products in the old revolutionary base areas attracted tourists from all over the world to buy them.
“此次红博会，既是全国红色文化产业成果的一次展示，也是参展单位和企业交流经验、探讨发展路径的一个重要平台。”	"The Red Culture Industry Expo is not only an exhibition of the achievements of the national red culture industry, but also an important platform for exhibitors and enterprises to exchange experiences and explore models of development. “
湘潭首届红博会执委会相关负责人介绍，这届红博会以“弘扬红色文化助推文旅升温”为主题，展览总面积近3000平方米，设置了氛围营造区、景区展示展陈区和红色文旅网游网购体验区。	According to the person in charge of the Executive Committee of the First Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo, the theme of the Expo was "promoting red culture and boosting culture and tourism", the total exhibition area was nearly 3,000 square meters, and an atmosphere creation area, scenic area exhibiting area, and red culture and tourism online shopping experiencing area were also set up.
邀请浙江嘉兴、贵州遵义、陕西延安等8个外省地市以及我省长沙、株洲、岳阳、郴州等地137家企业、单位参展，共展出展品768种，包括红色文物、工艺品、食品特产、旅游线路、红色培训课程、红色文创产品等。	137 enterprises and units from Jiaxing, Zunyi and Yan'an, as well as Changsha, Zhuzhou, Yueyang and Chenzhou were invited to participate in the exhibition, and a total of 768 kinds of exhibits were exhibited, including red cultural relics, handicrafts, food specialties, tourism routes, red training courses, and red cultural and creative products.
展销区将展至7月29日。	The exhibition area will be open until July 29.
作为红博会东道主，湘潭展区亮点纷呈。	As the host of the Red Culture Industry Expo, there were many bright spots in Xiangtan exhibition area.
展区负责人介绍，湘潭展区分为红色工业、红色文化产业发展两大部分。	According to the person in charge of the exhibition area, the Xiangtan exhibition area was divided into two parts: the red industry and the red cultural industry.
红色工业展区展出华菱湘钢、华菱线缆、湘电动力等6家企业的展品31件，红色文化产业发展展区展出红色系列图书、红色系列食品、红色系列文创产品等27家单位产品近200个。	The red industry exhibition area displayed 31 exhibits from six enterprises, including Xiangtan Iron & Steel Co.,Ltd. of Hualin, Hunan, Hunan Hualin Wire & Cable Co.,Ltd, and XEMC, as well as nearly 200 products from 27 organizations, including red book series, red food series, red cultural series and creative products, which were displayed in the red cultural industry development exhibition area.
在延安展区，不少游客被陈展的布堆花手工艺品和剪纸艺术品所吸引。	In the Yan'an exhibition area, many tourists were attracted by the display of cloth sticker handicrafts and paper-cutting works.
延安市文旅局局长马东坡介绍，此次参展精心选择了延安近两年来优秀的红色文创产品，其中16种产品是2019全国红色文创产品优秀作品。	Ma Dongpo, Director of the Yan'an Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism, said that excellent red cultural and creative products of Yan'an in the last two years were carefully selected for this exhibition, among which 16 products were outstanding works of national red cultural and creative products in 2019.
同时，他们邀请了国家级非物质文化遗产保护项目“安塞剪纸”、“陕北民歌”与省级非遗项目延川布堆画传承人，重点推介延安民俗特色产品，并借此机会与其他展区单位企业沟通交流，推动跨区域合作。	At the same time, they invited practitioners of the national intangible cultural heritage protection projects "paper-cutting of Ansai", "folk songs of Northern Shaanxi " and the provincial intangible cultural heritage project cloth sticker of Yanchuan, focused on promoting the characteristic folk products of Yan'an, and took this opportunity to communicate with other exhibition organizations to promote cross-regional cooperation.
日本新冠确诊病例累计超3万例-新华网	Total number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Japan exceeds 30,000 - Xinhuanet
据统计，26日东京都新增确诊病例239例，连续6天单日新增病例超过200例，累计已达11214例。	Statistics show that on the 26th, 239 new cases were confirmed in Tokyo, keeping the city’s number of confirmed cases above 200 for 6 days in a row, for a total of 11,214 cumulative cases.
此外，大阪府新增确诊病例141例，福冈县新增90例，爱知县新增80例。	There were also 141 new confirmed cases in Osaka Prefecture, 90 in Fukuoka Prefecture, and 80 in Aichi Prefecture.
上半年电信网络诈骗犯罪上升七成 最高检总结特点-中新网	Telecommunication fraud crimes increase by 70% in the first half of the year, the Supreme People's Procuratorate summarizes features - China News
中新网7月26日电 据最高检网站消息，今年上半年，全国检察机关共起诉诈骗犯罪58101人，同比上升35%。	July 26 (China News) According to the website of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, in the first half of this year, the procuratorial organs across the country prosecuted a total of 58,101 people for fraud crimes, a year-on-year increase of 35%.
特别是妨害疫情防控犯罪中，诈骗犯罪多发，检察机关起诉诈骗犯罪人数占全部妨害疫情防控犯罪人数的43.4%。	Especially among crimes obstructing the pandemic prevention and control, there are many fraudulent crimes, accounting for 43.4% of the total number of crimes obstructing pandemic prevention and control.
最高人民检察院有针对性地开展指导，目前已发布的十批涉疫情防控典型案例中，涉及诈骗罪的共9起。	The Supreme People's Procuratorate has provided targeted guidance and has now released ten batches of typical cases involving pandemic prevention and control, including a total of 9 cases of fraudulent crime.
从上半年检察机关办案情况看，涉及诈骗犯罪的名目繁多，上至国家宏观政策，下至老百姓衣食住行，包括涉疫情诈骗、“医托”诈骗、“保健品”诈骗、“招生中介”诈骗、“套路贷”诈骗、骗取国家补贴诈骗、民族资产解冻诈骗等等，不断“推陈出新”，范围涉及教育、医疗、就业、养老、社保、征地拆迁、精准扶贫、金融信贷等多个领域，不仅给被害人造成经济损失，也严重影响经济社会发展。	From the cases handled by the procuratorial organs in the first half of the year, a wide range of fraudulent crimes are involved, ranging from national macro policies to people's basic necessities of life: typical cases include pandemic-related fraud, "hospital scalping”, "health care products", "enrollment agencies", "loan fraud", defrauding people of state subsidies, fraud regarding unfreezing national assets, and so on, but the new emerges out of the old constantly, and fraud involving education, medical care, employment, pensions, social security, land acquisition and relocation, targeted poverty alleviation, financial credit, and other areas has emerged, which has not only caused economic losses to the victims, but also seriously affected economic and social development.
特别是一些电信网络诈骗突破国界、地域和人员的限制，具有涉众、跨境、远程、电子支付等特征，不特定受害群体多，危害大。	In particular, some telecommunication fraud even crosses national boundaries or geographical and personnel restrictions, which involves victims without specific features and cause harm through cross-border, remote, and electronic payment.
如，有的成立专门公司，租用高档写字楼，设立多个部门或岗位，利用合法的网络平台宣传、招聘，对招聘人员进行培训和考核，采用企业运作模式管理，披着“合法外衣”，迷惑性更强。	For example, some set up companies in rented high-grade office buildings, providing multiple departments or positions that use legitimate online platforms for promotion, and which recruits, trains, and assesses its employees; management models of enterprise operation, cloaked in "legality", makes it even more confusing.
依法惩治和防范犯罪，及时向社会公众和有关部门发出预警，是检察机关义不容辞的责任。	It is the compelling duty of the procuratorial organs to punish and prevent crime in accordance with the law, and to issue timely warnings to the public and relevant authorities.
在司法办案中，检察机关认真履行职责，既坚持对诈骗犯罪保持高压态势，又有针对性地细化各项执法举措，通过制发检察建议等促进社会治理。	In the judicial handling of cases, the procuratorial organs have conscientiously discharged their duties, maintained a high-handed attitude towards fraudulent crimes, and refined various law enforcement initiatives in a targeted manner to promote social governance by formulating and issuing procuratorial recommendations.
检察机关严把批捕、起诉诈骗案件事实关、证据关、程序关和法律适用关，以事实为根据，以法律为准绳，做到不枉不纵。	It is required for the procuratorial organs to strictly adhere to the facts, evidence, procedures, and application of the law in arresting and prosecuting swindlers; facts should be used as the basis and the law should be used as the criterion to ensure that no law is broken and no crimes can escape legal sanction.
特别是对于电信网络诈骗犯罪，注重电子数据在事实认定中的核心作用，努力构建电子数据、言词证据、书证之间相互印证的证据链条。	In particular, for telecommunications fraud crimes, the central role of electronic data in the determination of facts is emphasized, and efforts should be made to build a chain of evidence that corroborates electronic data, verbal evidence, and documentary evidence.
如浙江省宁波市鄞州区检察院办理的应某涉疫诈骗案，检察机关第一时间提前介入，从案件发生到办结，仅用5天时间，体现了从快从严办理、维护社会大局稳定的态度和决心。	For example, in pandemic-related fraud crime cases accepted by the Yinzhou District Procuratorate in Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, the procuratorial organ intervened in advance and the whole process from the case occurrence to the conclusion only took five days, reflecting the attitude and determination to deal with the case quickly and strictly, and to maintain social stability.
在审查逮捕和审查起诉环节，注重案件的漏犯追诉工作，纠正公安机关漏捕733人，纠正公安机关遗漏审查起诉同案犯1113人。	In the review of arrests and prosecution, emphasis is placed on the prosecution of loophole crimes; until now, 733 people who were omitted from arrest and 1,113 accomplices who failed to be prosecuted previously by the public security have been taken in.
上半年，全国检察机关针对诈骗犯罪发出检察建议298件，促进携手共同防范诈骗犯罪，推动深层次治理。	In the first half of the year, the procuratorial organs in China issued 298 procuratorial recommendations for fraud crimes to jointly prevent fraud crimes and promote deep-rooted governance.
如，针对办案中发现的通信企业、银行、中介组织等在电信网络监管中存在的漏洞，广东省广州市检察院、东莞市检察院及时提出检察建议，敦促有关单位强化监管、完善机制，助推长效制度建设。	For example, in response to the loopholes found in the telecommunications network supervision of communications enterprises, banks and intermediary organizations during the handling of cases as well as the Guangzhou Procuratorate and Dongguan Procuratorate in Guangdong Province made timely procuratorial recommendations that urged the relevant units to strengthen supervision, improve mechanisms, and help promote the construction of a long-term system.
四是全力做好追赃挽损工作。	Efforts were made to make criminals give up their takings and retrieve losses.
各地检察机关抓住介入侦查引导取证、审查起诉等重要环节，督促侦查机关积极追缴赃款，配合有关部门做好追赃挽损工作，努力将诈骗犯罪给人民群众造成的经济损失降至最低。	Procuratorial organs everywhere seized the opportunity to intervene in important links such as investigation, guided obtainment of evidence, review and prosecution, and urged the investigative organizations to actively recover illicit money together with relevant departments, meaning these departments can do a good job in recovering the illicit money and retrieving losses, and can strive to minimize the economic losses caused to the victims of fraudulent crimes.
如北京市检察院办理的林某某套路贷案件，该案涉及22套房产轮候查封，在房产可能被其他案件先行处置的情况下，首创制发《暂缓执行函》， 及时送达相关法院，建议先前查封法院对涉案房产暂缓执行，待犯罪事实查明后统一处置，为追回涉案房产、挽回被害人损失作出最大努力。	For example, the People’s Procuratorate of Beijing Municipality handled a loan crime case involving Lin, which involved 22 properties waiting to be sealed, and in the event that the properties might be disposed of by other cases beforehand, the first "Letter of Execution Suspension" was issued and sent to the relevant court in time, suggesting that the previous court executing the sealing order should put a hold on the handling of the properties involved, which will be disposed in a unified manner after the facts of the crime are ascertained, suggesting that all efforts have been made to recover the properties and retrieve the losses of the victims.
检察官提醒大家，对诈骗犯罪要有很高的警惕，不要指望“天上掉馅饼”，也不要以为便宜就轻信，守好自己的“钱袋子”。	The prosecutor reminded to the public to be very alert regarding fraud crimes, to not expect "windfalls", to not readily believe others because the product is cheap, and to guard their own "wallets".
贵州省威宁县迤那镇：矮了苹果树 宽了脱贫路-中新网	Yina Township in Weining County, Guizhou Province: Shorter Apple Trees, Wider Poverty-Alleviation Paths-ChinaNews.com
2020-07-26 11:42:58 来源：中国经济网 作者：朱延静 责任编辑：朱延静	2020-07-26 11:42:58 Source: www.ce.cn Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor: Zhu Yanjing
酷暑炎炎，经济日报-中国经济网记者走进贵州省威宁县迤那镇中海村。	In the summer heat, reporters from Economic Daily-ce.cn visited Zhonghai Village in Yina Township, Weining County, Guizhou Province.
顶着烈日，村民李元忠在基地里锄草，虽然脸上晒得通红，但嘴里时不时地哼唱几句小曲。	Under the blazing sun, villager Li Yuanzhong hoed in the field, and though his face burning red, he was humming a happy tune.
迤那镇所在的威宁县，因纬度低、海拔高，光照充足、昼夜温差大，所产苹果含糖量高、口感好，在周边地区具有一定知名度，但也因为个头小、斑点多，一直没能卖出个好价钱，没能形成产业规模。	Thanks to its low latitude, high altitude, abundant sunlight and big day-night temperature differences, the apples produced in Weining County have high sugar content and great taste, which have given them a certain notoriety in certain areas, yet the apples don’t sell for a good price because they are small in size and spotty, which is hwy they haven’t moved beyond this region.
迤那镇曾是个“包谷洋芋度春秋”的贫困乡镇，10年前当地贫困发生率高达25.8%。	Yina Township used to suffer from poverty, “getting through the year with corn and potatoes”, and 10 years ago, the local poverty rate was 25.8%.
在脱贫攻坚进入决战决胜的关键时期，改变传统种植习惯、调整产业结构，增加农民收入迫在眉睫。	At this critical period of poverty alleviation, it is high time to change traditional growing practices and adjust the industrial structure to increase income for farmers.
迤那镇党委书记陈超和镇里一班人经过多次走访后认为，产业发展不能再走老路。	After multiple visits and interviews, Chen Chao, secretary of the Party committee of Yina Township, along with the township team believe industry development can’t follow the old path.
为此，迤那镇引进龙头企业、以现代化方式种植苹果。	Therefore, Yina Township brought in leading enterprises to grow apples in a modernized way.
威宁超越农业有限公司副总经理侯建文2015年从陕西来到迤那镇调研，一眼就看中了当地的种植条件，从2016年开始到当地栽种苹果树。	In 2015, Hou Jianwen, Vice GM of Weining Chaoyue Agricultural Co. Ltd, came to survey Yina Township from Shaanxi and liked the local growing conditions instantly, so he started growing apple trees locally in 2016.
起初，村里动员李元忠将土地流转出来栽种苹果树，李元忠夫妇俩心里犯起了嘀咕：“种了那么多年苹果，也没看到村里谁种苹果发了财。”	At first, the village called on Li Yuanzhong to convert his land to grow apple trees, but the Lis thought to themselves, “We’ve been growing apples for years and nobody in this village got rich from it. “
“所种苹果都是矮化苹果，不会让苹果树长得太高。”	“All the apples come from dwarf apple trees, the trees don’t grow too tall. “
让李元忠没想到的是，这次苹果种植采用了新方法，灌溉水管铺到每颗苹果树下，水和肥料一起浇到树根，秋天收果子时，拖拉机直接开进果园，站着就能摘果子。	What Li Yuanzhong didn’t expect was, new methods were be adopted to grow apples this time; irrigation pipelines were laid under each apple tree, so that water and fertilizer could reach directly to the roots; when harvesting apples in the fall, tractors could drive directly into the orchard and the apples could be reached from standing on ground.
目前，苹果基地已逐步进入丰产期，市场也正如侯建文所预想的那样，苹果并不愁卖，深受北京、上海、广州等城市消费者喜爱。	At present, the apple base is seeing high yield in produce, and as Hou Jianwen expected, the apples are selling well, especially among consumers in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other cities.
日益壮大的苹果产业，让李元忠的生活有了新变化，虽然还在种地，但收入有了新来源。	As the apple industry expands, it brings new changes to Li Yuanzhong’s life, and though he still farms, he has new sources of income.
李元忠家有9亩多土地流转给了苹果基地，每年除了保底的土地流转费外，挂果后还有利润分红，夫妻俩平常在基地里务工，“一人每天可得80元，常年有活干”。	As Li Yuanzhong transferred over 9 mu of his land to the apple base, he can collect land transfer fees each year, he also receives dividends from the apples, and he and his wife work on the base, “80 yuan per day each, with work year round.”
李元忠告诉记者，去年利润分红得了2800多元，加上土地流转费以及夫妻俩的务工收入，一家收入8万多元，“吃穿不愁了，小康的日子已经过上了”。	Li Yuanzhong told the reporter he receives 2,800 yuan in dividends, and with the land transfer fees and work payments, his household annual income is over 80,000 yuan, “We’re better off and don’t need to worry about survival anymore.”
“目前已经初见成效，1亩苹果的年产值超过1.5万元，大约是种玉米的10倍。”	“We have achieved initial success, and our annual output value per mu of apple is over 15,000 yuan, which is 10 times that of corn. “
陈超告诉记者，迤那全镇目前栽种了2万亩苹果，仅在中海村就有6000亩，覆盖农户4056户、1.72万人，其中覆盖建档立卡贫困户656户、2952人，一年发放工资就超过600万元，真正实现了基地建在家门口，打工不用往外走。	Chen Chao told the reporters, there are 20,000 mu of apples planted in Yina Township, with 6,000 mu in Zhonghai Village, covering 4,056 households and 17,200 people, among which are 2,952 people from 656 recorded poverty households; the over 6 million yuan a year issued as wages is a realization of not traveling far for work with the base at the doorstep.
腰包日渐鼓起来的李元忠也开始实现自己的“心愿”。	With more income, Li Yuanzhong has started to realize his personal dreams.
今年农历春节，李元忠买了一辆越野车，如今天天开着汽车上下班，“家里还有十几亩土地，等下一步苹果基地拓展规模，全部流转给他们，收入就更多了。”	During this Spring Festival, Li Yuanzhong bought a off-road vehicle, and now he drives to work, “We still have a dozen of mu of land, so when the apple base expands, I’ll transfer it all to them, so we’ll have even more income. “
经济日报-中国经济网记者 吴秉泽 牛瑾 王新伟	Reported by Economic Daily-ce.cn correspondents Wu Bingze, Niu Jin, Wang Xinwei
膜分离技术助力破解“温室效应” - 中新网	Membrane Separation Technology Helps Resolve “Greenhouse Effect”-ChinaNews.com
膜分离技术助力破解“温室效应”	Membrane Separation Technology Helps Resolve “Greenhouse Effect”
新型混合基质膜制备技术示意图	Illustration of New Mixed Matrix Membrane Fabrication Technology
本报讯 记者商瑞报道：日前，天津大学大气环境与生物能源团队针对“膜分离法捕集二氧化碳”取得重大进展，成功研发出新型混合基质膜制备技术，大幅提升膜材料二氧化碳捕集性能。	Reported by Shang Rui: A few days ago, the atmospheric environment and bioenergy team of Tianjin University made major progress in “capturing carbon dioxide with the membrane separation method”, meaning they have successfully developed a new mixed matrix membrane fabrication technology which greatly improves the membrane material’s performance in capturing carbon dioxide.
相关成果已作为国际期刊《温室气体：科学与技术》封面文章发表。	The relevant research findings are published as the cover story by Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology, an international periodical.
“温室效应”是困扰人类发展的重大环境问题，二氧化碳排放则是造成“温室效应”的元凶。	The greenhouse effect is a major environmental problem standing in the way of human development, while carbon dioxide is the prime culprit for the greenhouse effect.
如何高效捕获并利用人类排放的二氧化碳是科学家关注的焦点。	How to effectively capture and utilize carbon dioxide emissions from human activities is the focus of attention for scientists.
“膜分离法”是一种新兴的二氧化碳捕集技术，它在膜材料帮助下分离二氧化碳气体，具有高效节能、操作简单的特点。	The membrane separation method is a new carbon dioxide capture technology which separates carbon dioxide gas with the help of the membrane material, and it is energy-efficient and easy to use.
如何让膜材料“深呼吸”， 提高气体分离效率，是采用膜分离法捕集二氧化碳的瓶颈难点。	How to make the membrane material “take deep breathes” and improve gas separation efficiency was the hurdle of capturing carbon dioxide with the membrane separation method.
天津大学科研团队创新思路，通过反复实验，探究不同溶剂对膜气体分离性能的影响。	The Tianjin University research team investigated the impact of different solvents on the membrane’s performance in gas separation through innovative thinking and repeated experiments.
实验结果表明，以N-甲基吡咯烷酮作为制备溶剂，生成的膜材料中碳纳米管分布更加均匀，“更透气”，有效提升了膜材料气体分离效能和速率。	According to experiment results, if N-Methyl pyrrolidone is used as the fabrication solvent, the distribution of carbon nanotube in the membrane material produced is more even, making it more breathable, which effectively improves the membrane material’s gas separation performance and speed.
用这种新技术制备的混合基质膜，二氧化碳分离性能接近目前此类膜材料的理论分离上限。	Fabricated with this new technology, the carbon dioxide separation performance of this mixed matrix membrane is close to the theoretical upper limit of this kind of membrane material.
“新技术为膜分离法捕集二氧化碳提供了新思路。”	“New technology has provided a new idea for capturing carbon dioxide using the membrane separation method. “
天津大学大气环境与生物能源团队成员李润表示：“ 我们希望这种技术能够为未来燃煤电厂与化工企业处理烟气提供有力支持，在控制温室气体排放等领域发挥重大作用。”	said Li Run, a team member of the atmospheric environment and bioenergy team of Tianjin University, “We hope this technology can provide support for exhaust gas treatment of coal-fired power plants and chemical enterprises in the future, because it can play a big role in fields such as greenhouse gas emission control. “
志愿填报前 先弄懂啥是专业级差-中新网	Understanding university major point deductions before choosing your preferred majors - Chinanews.com
2020-07-27 02:22:36 来源：重庆晨报 作者：于晓 责任编辑：于晓	2020-07-27 02:22:36 Source: Chongqing Morning News Story: Yu Xiao Editor: Yu Xiao
志愿填报前 先弄懂啥是专业级差	Understanding university major point deductions before choosing your preferred majors
每年填报高考志愿，都有学生或者家长因为对于志愿填报中涉及的名词不了解，进而影响志愿填报。	Each year, when we fill out our preferred majors on the NCEE (National College Entrance Examination), there are always students and parents who don’t understand the terminology involved, which can directly affect how you select your preferred majors.
今年，北京交通大学、北京科技大学、北京邮电大学、北京林业大学、北京化工大学5所高校联合发布2020年招生政策，取消专业级差。	This year, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Beijing Forestry University, and Beijing University of Chemical Technology issued a joint admissions policy for 2020 which eliminates major point deductions.
专业级差是什么意思，在志愿填报中有何重要意义？	What are “major point deductions”, and how do they impact your choice of major?
专业分配规则有三种方式	The three methods of major allocation
专家提醒，填报志愿前，一定要详读心仪学校的《招生章程》，了解高校的录取规则，包括调档比例，专业分配规则等。	Experts say that before filling out your preferred majors, you should carefully read the school’s “Admissions Guidelines” to learn about the college’s admissions regulations, including enrollment ratios, major allocation, and so on.
专业分配规则，是指高校调档之后，对于专业录取主要有专业优先、分数优先、专业级差三种方式。	Major allocation refers to the three primary methods of admitting students to particular majors, which are major priority, score priority, and major point deductions, after a student enrolls at a university.
高校具体使用哪一种方式，会在《招生章程》中明确。	The specific method used by a particular university will be stated clearly in the “Admissions Guidelines”.
但也有一些高校的录取原则是总分优先，专业之间没有级差。	However, some universities use balanced prioritization, and do not apply point deductions for different majors.
就是说将录取范围内考生按照总分排队，当分数未达到第一专业志愿录取分数线时，则看是否达到了第二专业志愿录取分数线，以此类推直到录取到最后一个专业志愿，各专业志愿之间不设级差。	This means that all students who qualify for enrollment are ordered by a balanced total score, and if their score falls below enrollment requirements for their first preferred major, the university looks at whether the student qualifies for the second preferred major, and so on until the student’s final preferred major, none of which involves point deductions for any major.
所谓“专业级差”，是院校在安排考生专业时，按招生章程中公布的一个或几个分数值，来确定选报不同专业志愿考生的录取专业，这种分数值就是“专业级差”。	“Major point deductions”, as they are called, are when universities apply one or several values calculated through a formula published in the “Admission Guidelines” to determine a student’s admission in a particular selected major; this value is called a “major point deductions”.
也就是院校在录取考生第一专业志愿和非第一专业志愿时的分数差额，各专业志愿间级差分数，如3分、2分、1分等。	This refers to the point deduction that occurs between the student’s preferred major and another major, expressed by a point value, such as 3 points, 2 points, or 1 point.
举例来说。	Consider this example:
假设学生小明报考A高校，考了560分，其专业志愿分别为：计算机、国际贸易、自动化、机械工程、电子商务，A高校的专业录取实行专业级差的办法，级差分为2分、1分、1分、0分。	Xiaoming, a student, applies to University A with an NCEE score of 560 and major preferences listed in this order: Computing, International Trade, Automation, Mechanical Engineering, and E-commerce, after which University A applies major point deductions of 2, 1, 1, and 0 points.
在进行专业分配时，如果小明的第一专业志愿符合专业录取要求且专业有计划余额，那么小明被录取到“计算机”专业；若计算机未被录取，则他的分数将会被减去2分，按558分的成绩同第一专业志愿报考“国际贸易”的考生排序，确定是否符合专业录取条件；倘若仍不能满足，分数再减去1分(即557分)进行第三专业志愿“自动化”的录取；若依旧不能满足，分数再被减去1分(即556分)进行第四专业的录取，后续专业如果仍不能满足其专业志愿，将不再减分，以此类推。	When allocating majors, if Xiaoming meets the admission requirements for his first preferred major of Computing and the major has remaining vacancies, he is admitted to the Computing major; if he is not admitted to the Computing major, he is considered for his second preferred major of International Trade with 2 points deducted from his NCEE score, at 558, and his qualifications are considered for that major; if he again fails to qualify, 1 point is deducted (for a total of 557), and he is considered for his third preferred major; if he further fails to qualify, 1 more point is deducted (for a total of 556), and his qualifications are considered for his fourth preferred major, and if he fails to qualify this time, no points are deducted when he is considered for his fifth preferred major, and so on.
不同大学专业级差设置不同	Different universities have different point deductions
随着平行志愿的普及，现在很多高校都已经取消了专业级差，但今年仍有部分高校还保留了这一方法，从各校公布的《招生章程》来看，今年主要有20多所大学设置了专业级差。	As balanced major preferences become more popular, many universities have already stopped using major point deductions, but some universities still use this method, and from the “Admissions Guidelines” published by each school, we know that this year, major point deductions are applied at over 20 universities.
比如，四川农业大学、山东科技大学、黑龙江中医药大学、江苏科技大学、江西师范大学、成都医学院、东北电力大学、集美大学、南京医科大学、南京工业大学、宁夏大学、山东理工大学、中国民用航空飞行学院等。	These include Sichuan Agricultural University, Shandong University of Science and Technology, Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine, Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, Jiangxi Normal University, Chengdu Medical College, Northeast Electric Power University, Jimei University, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing Tech University, Ningxia University, Shandong University of Technology, and Civil Aviation Flight University of China.
在这些高校中，每所大学设置的专业级差都不一样。	The major point deduction values applied at each of these universities are different.
有的高校在每个专业都设有级差，比如宁夏大学，档案已投到该校的考生，根据考生填报专业志愿的顺序依次递减1分后按分数排序录取。	Some apply the same point deductions to every major, such as Ningxia University, where an applicant can expect to find 1 point deducted for each major in the order of major preference.
而有的大学在不同的专业之间，设置了不同的专业级差。	Other universities use different fixed point values for different universities.
比如集美大学，专业志愿级差总分值为4分，即第一专业志愿与其他专业志愿级差为3分，其他专业志愿间不设级差，视为平行志愿，其他专业志愿与调剂专业志愿间专业级差为1分。	Jimei University, for example, applies a total deduction of 4 points, meaning there is a difference of 3 points between a student’s first preferred major and other preferred majors, among preferred majors after the first there is no further deduction by preference (meaning they receive equal deductions), and there is a 1 point difference between preferred majors after the first and non-preferred majors.
填报志愿时，考生及家长一定要认真阅读所报学校的录取政策，看看有没有专业级差，级差的形式是怎么样的，在充分考虑分数的同时，还要合理分析拟选的学校和专业，如果院校在招生章程中明确采取分数级差方式进行录取，考生在选择专业时，要注意各专业之间的梯度，提高录取几率。	When reporting major preferences, students and parents must be sure to carefully read the university’s admissions policies to see if there are major point deductions, and while considering the point values, must also carefully consider their universities and majors of choice; if the university lists clear major point deductions in the Admission Guidelines, they should pay close attention to the point tiers of different majors so they can maximize their chances of admission.
重庆晨报·上游新闻记者 林祺	Chongqing Morning News·cqcb.com Reporter: Lin Qi
今年第一场大西洋飓风登陆受疫情重创的德克萨斯	The year’s first Atlantic hurricane makes landfall in epidemic-ravaged Texas
美国国家飓风中心当天早上宣布，飓风汉娜时速达到145公里，预计直到下周一都会给德克萨斯州南部和墨西哥东北部造成强降雨，而降雨又会引发迅猛的洪水。	The US National Hurricane Center announced this morning that Hurricane Hannah reaches speeds of 145 kph, and that it is expected to cause heavy rains in southern Texas and northeastern Mexico, which may in turn cause flash floods.
目前随着逐步向陆上推进，风俗已经有所减弱，尽管局部地区停电，但暂时没有伤亡统计报告。	As the hurricane gradually moves toward land, wind speeds have weakened, and although some areas have experienced power outages, there have been no reports of fatalities so far.
德克萨斯的一些地方官员正在准备应对很有可能在沿海地带出现的龙卷风。	Some local officials in Texas are making preparation for tornadoes that may appear in coastal areas.
总统特朗普通过推特表示，办公室正在严密监控飓风汉娜，和夏威夷飓风道格拉斯的动态，并呼吁民众听取当地政府的紧急管理信息，保护家庭和财产。	On Twitter, President Trump said that his office is closely monitoring developments surrounding Hurricane Hannah and Hurricane Douglas in Hawaii, and he asked the public to listen closely for information on the emergency broadcast system, as well as to take steps to protect their families and assets.
与此同时，德克萨斯州的新冠疫情也正在急剧恶化，感染人数不断飙升，累计确诊感染者超过39万人，死亡人数超过5千人。	Concurrently, the COVID-19 epidemic has worsened dramatically in Texas; the number of infection has surged, with a total of over 390,000 confirmed cases and more than 5,000 deaths.
本次飓风来袭，政府将面临收容无家可归者，同时防止疫情再度恶化的双重难题。	As the hurricane hits, the government faces the dual problems of sheltering the homeless while preventing the epidemic from getting worse.
首度成立专委会、集体签“长约” 第三届进博会参展商联盟构筑“进博纽带 ” - 新华网	Special Committee was firstly established, and all members sign “long-term contract”, Exhibitors at the 3rd China International Import Expo form an “Import Expo Bond” -- Xinhua Net
7月26日在上海拍摄的第三届进博会参展商联盟第一次会议现场。	The site of the first conference of the Exhibitor Alliance of the 3rd China International Import Expo, photographed in Shanghai on July 26, 2020.
新华社上海7月26日电（记者周蕊）26日，第三届进口博览会参展商联盟在此间首次成立专业委员会，首批成立的专委会包括公共卫生防疫专委会和乳业专委会，35家成员企业还签订了3年长期参展合作备忘录，进博会参展商联盟的纽带作用不断增强。	Xinhua News Agency Shanghai July 26, 2020 (Journalist: Zhou Rui) On July 26, 2020, the Exhibitor Alliance of the 3rd China International Import Expo founded special committees for the first time, including the Public Health and Pandemic Control Special Committee and Dairy Industry Special Committee; 35 member enterprises signed the memo of long-term exhibition cooperation for three years, further enhancing, the bonds of the exhibitor alliance.
26日在此间举行的第三届进博会参展商联盟第一次会议上，韩国现代、美国陶氏化学、日本资生堂、新西兰纽仕兰、德国西门子、法国米其林、英国阿斯利康等一批展盟成员企业签订了3年长期参展合作备忘录，修订和完善后的展盟章程也首次公布。	During the first conference of the Exhibitor Alliance of the 3rd China International Import Expo on July 26, a group of member enterprises including Hyundai, Dow Chemical Industry, Shiseido, TheLand, Siemens, Michelin, and AstraZeneca signed memo of long-term exhibition cooperation for three years, and the charter of alliance was also first publicized after the amendment.
7月26日在上海拍摄的乳业专业委员会成立仪式现场。	The site of the opening ceremony of the Dairy Special Committee photographed in Shanghai on July 26, 2020.
根据最新的章程，展盟将引入牵头单位轮值机制，加强专委会功能。	According to the latest charter, the alliance will introduce the rotation chairmanship system for the committee to enhance its functions.
专委会将为行业发展趋势分析提出建议，推动行业可持续发展。	The special committee will propose suggestions to promote the sustainable development of industry according to analysis of industrial development trend.
同时，整合行业全产业链资源，以大带小，带动关联企业参展，将进博会打造成为行业企业聚集高地。	At the same time, it will integrate resources from the whole production chain and initiate relevant enterprises to engage in the exhibition led by the large enterprises in an effort to build the Import Expo as a highlight for enterprises in diverse industries.
首次成立公共卫生防疫专委会，对于当前抗击新冠肺炎疫情来说显得尤为重要。	It founded the special committee of Public Health and Pandemic Control for the first time, which is of critical importance to fight against COVID-19.
作为第三届进博会公共卫生防疫专委会副会长单位，雅培快速诊断业务大中华区总经理仇建平说，下一步，雅培会携手更多行业伙伴，探索新的解决方案和合作模式，助力中国以及全世界抗击新冠肺炎疫情。	As the vice presidential institution of the public health and pandemic control committee of the 3rd China International Imported Expo, Qiu Jianping, General Manager of the Rapid Diagnosis Division of Abbott Laboratories in Greater China, said that Abbott will explore new solutions and cooperation modes with more partners in the industry to support China and the world as a whole as they fight against COVID-19.
7月26日在上海拍摄的公共卫生防疫专业委员会成立仪式现场。	The site of the Opening Ceremony of the Public Health and Pandemic Control Special Committee photographed in Shanghai on July 26th, 2020.
据悉，第三届进博会首次设立公共卫生防疫专区，截至目前已有近50家全球企业报名参展，展览面积超过1万平方米。	It is known that the special area for public health and pandemic control was first established at the 3rd China International Import Expo, and so far nearly 50 enterprises from around the world applying to attend the exhibition, with the whole exhibition area to exceed 10 thousand square meters.
在2018年首届进博会期间，进博会参展商联盟由展商自发倡议成立，旨在成为优质参展企业交流合作平台、连接参展各方信息与资源共享平台，以及为促进中国与世界各国（地区）之间经贸商务往来与发展建言献策的智囊平台。	During the 1st China International Import Expo in 2018, the Exhibitor Alliance was initiated by the exhibitors voluntarily, aiming to be a platform for communication and cooperation between outstanding enterprises and a platform to share information and resources between different parties, as well as a think-tank to promote the economics and trade between China and other countries (regions) in the world.
截至目前，已有142家企业加入参展商联盟，覆盖全球23个国家和地区。	So far, there are 142 enterprises who have joined the Exhibitor Alliance, covering 23 countries and regions in the world.
比利时3岁女童死于新冠病毒感染-新华网	3-year-old Girl in Belgium Dead of COVID-19 Infection - Xinhuanet
比利时卫生部门24日说，一名3岁女童死于新冠病毒感染，是该国最年幼的新冠病亡患者。	A 3-year-old girl died of a COVID-19 infection in Belgium, making her the youngest victim of COVID-19 infection in the country, Belgian health authorities said on the 24th.
比利时卫生部门发言人布德温·卡特里说，这名女童感染新冠病毒前已经有其他严重疾病；除了这名女童，近期还有一名18岁青年死于新冠病毒感染。	Belgian Health Ministry spokesman Boudewijn Catry said that the girl had other serious diseases before she was infected with COVID-19; in addition to the girl, an 18-year-old young man recently died of a COVID-19 infection.
卡特里说，上周比利时85%新增新冠确诊人员年龄在60岁以下。	Catry said that last week, 85% of the newly diagnosed people in Belgium were under the age of 60.
他提醒身体健康、年龄较轻的民众不要掉以轻心。	He reminded the healthy and younger people not to take it lightly.
“虽然年轻人死于新冠病毒感染的情况较为罕见，但没有任何人现在具备免疫力 。 ”	"Although it is rare for young people to die of COVID-19 infection, no one is now immune. ”
上周，比利时新增新冠确诊病例比前一周增长89 % ， 每日平均2.9人死于新冠病毒感染，高于前一周的日均1.7人。	Last week, Belgium saw an 89% increase in new confirmed cases over the previous week, with an average of 2.9 people dying of a COVID-19 infection every day, higher than the daily average of 1.7 people in the previous week.
欧洲疫情高峰期间，比利时人口中新冠病毒感染者占比在欧洲“名列前茅 ” 。	During the peak of the epidemic in Europe, the proportion of the population infected with COVID-19 in Belgium was "among the highest" in Europe.
比利时有1100多万人口。	Belgium has a population of more than 11 million.
最新数据显示，比利时累计64847人感染新冠病毒。	The latest data shows that a cumulative total of 64,847 people in Belgium have been infected with COVID-19.
卡特里本周早些时候警告，在雪球越滚越大、最终造成“雪崩”前，人们必须采取行动。	Catry warned earlier this week that action must be taken before the snowball gets bigger and eventually causes an “avalanche”.
为抑制疫情反弹，比利时首相索菲·维尔梅斯23日宣布，人们在公共场所佩戴口罩的有关规定将更加严格，8月进一步解除限制性措施的方案也将暂缓执行。	In an effort to contain the outbreak, Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Wilmès announced on Wednesday that the rules on wearing facial masks in public places would be tightened, and further lifting of restrictive measures in August would be suspended.
（郭倩 ） 【 新华社微特稿】	(Guo Qian) Xinhua News Agency Special WeChat Report
江苏新增境外输入无症状感染者1例-中新网	Jiangsu Confirms 1 New Asymptomatic Overseas Imported Case-ChinaNews.com
中新网7月26日电 据江苏省卫健委官方微博消息，7月25日0-24时，江苏无新增确诊病例。	Chinanews.com, July 26 According to the official Weibo of the Jiangsu Provincial Healthcare Commission, from 0:00 to 24:00 on July 25, there were no new confirmed cases in Jiangsu.
截至7月25日24时，全省累计报告确诊病例655例(其中境外输入24例 ) ， 除1例境外输入确诊病例在定点医院隔离治疗外，其余均已出院。	As of 24:00 on July 25, there are 655 cumulative confirmed cases reported (including 24 overseas imported cases), all of which have been discharged from the hospital except for 1 confirmed overseas imported case in isolation for treatment at a designated hospital.
当日新增境外输入无症状感染者1例。	One new asymptomatic overseas imported case was reported on that day.
截至7月25日24时，正在集中隔离和医学管理的无症状感染者4例，为境外输入。	As of 24:00 on July 25, all 4 asymptomatic patients in isolation and under medical attention are overseas imported cases.
目前，全省追踪到确诊病例和无症状感染者的密切接触者14084人，已解除医学观察13943人，尚有141人正在接受医学观察。	At present, 14,084 close contacts of confirmed cases and asymptomatic cases were tracked down, with 13,943 having completed medical observation and 141 still under medical observation.
【编辑:陈海峰】	[Editor: Chen Haifeng]
新华社香港7月25日电 香港特区政府商务及经济发展局局长邱腾华25日表示，所有亚太经合组织成员经济体要行动一致，共同抗疫、促进经济复苏，并应依据世界贸易组织所订的权利和义务，避免建立不必要的贸易壁垒。	Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, reported July 25th On the 25th, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government Commerce and Economic Development Bureau director Qiu Tenghua said that all APEC countries must act in unison to combat the pandemic and push for economic recovery, and that they should abide by the rights and obligations established by the WTO to avoid creating unnecessary trade barriers.
邱腾华是在参加亚太经合组织（APEC）25日召开的贸易部长抗击新冠肺炎疫情视频会议时作出上述表示的。	Qiu Tenghua made these statements while attending the APEC Ministers Responsible for Trade Virtual Meeting to discuss the COVID-19 epidemic held on the 25th.
在此次会议中，与会部长就亚太经合组织应对新冠肺炎疫情冲击，以及促进区内经济复苏可采取的实质方案交流意见。	At this meeting, the ministers in attendance discussed substantive plans APEC can enact to cope with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and promote economic recovery within the region.
邱腾华表示，这次疫情触发的公共卫生和经济危机，对社会和经济带来前所未有的深远影响。	Qiu Tenghua said the public health and economic crisis due to the pandemic have caused a deep and unprecedented impact on society and the economy.
“我们正处于一场双重战役，我们必先战胜疫情，方可挽回经济。	“We now face a two-front battle, and we must first defeat the pandemic before we can create economic recovery.
我们要目标明确，病毒是我们的共同敌人，合作才可取得胜利，反之只会失败。”	Our goal must be clear: the virus is our common enemy, and cooperation is the only way to defeat it; without it, we will fail. “
邱腾华说，新冠肺炎疫情引发的连串贸易限制无助控制疫情。	Qiu Tenghua said the series of trade restrictions in response to the COVID-19 outbreak would not help to control it.
贸易是解决目前问题的关键良方，不应视为问题所在。	Trade is crucial to resolving current problems, and as such, should not be viewed as a problem.
他谴责所有带歧视性和分化的政策措施，并促请所有经济体在此关键时刻保持边界开放，维持供应链的畅顺运作，避免建立贸易壁垒或采取不理性的贸易政策。	He condemned all policy measures that discriminate and differentiate, and advised that at such a critical moment, all economies keep their borders open, maintain smooth supply chain operations, and avoid implementing trade barriers or irrational trade policies.
美佛州确诊41.4万例新冠病例 成美疫情第二严重州份-中新网	Florida Becomes the Second Worst Hit State with 414,000 COVID-19 Confirmed Cases-ChinaNews.com
中新网7月26日电 综合报道，美国约翰斯·霍普金斯大学网站显示，截至北京时间26日8时34分左右，美国佛罗里达州报告了逾41.4万新冠确诊病例，超过纽约州的41.1万，成为加州之后的美国第二大“疫区”。	Chinanews.com, July 26 According to the Johns Hopkins University website, as of 8:34am on 26th, Beijing time, Florida has reported over 414,000 COVID-19 confirmed cases, surpassing New York’s 411,000, and becoming the second worst “infected area” after California.
佛罗里达州卫生署25日称，佛州24日报告了124例死亡病例。	The Florida State Health Department said on 25th that Florida reported 124 death cases on 24th.
这是自新冠大流行开始以来，佛州的每日死亡人数第十次超过100人。	Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, it’s the tenth daily death count over 100 in Florida.
据悉，佛州疫情最严重的迈阿密戴德郡的病例总数已经超过100000例。	It is said that confirmed cases in the most affected Miami-Dade County, Florida are over 100,000.
佛州目前有8974例新冠住院患者，其中有1874例在迈阿密戴德。	Currently, there are 8,974 hospitalized patients in Florida, 1,874 of whom are in Miami-Dade.
自7月4日以来，该州新冠住院人数增加了79% 。	Since July 4, COVID-19 hospitalization has increased 79%.
自从美国第一个州于4月24日重新开放以来，有9.1万人的生命被新冠夺走。	Since the first state re-opened on April 24, 91,000 lives have been taken by COVID-19.
根据约翰·霍普金斯大学提供的数据，美国报告的确诊总数已经达到417.6万例，至少14.6万人死亡。	According to data provided by Johns Hopkins University, reported confirmed cases in the U.S. have reached 4.176 million, with at least 146,000 deaths.
成都人扎堆围观美领馆 警方阻止人们“看上去太高兴”	Crowds Gather in Chengdu to See the US Consulate, and the Police Stop People from 'Looking too Happy'
作为美国关闭中国驻休斯顿总领馆的回应，中方在本周五宣布关闭美国驻成都总领馆。	China on Friday announced the shutdown of the US Consulate General in Chengdu in response to the closure of the Chinese consulate in Houston.
周六，美领馆的徽章被撤下，周日，一辆深色玻璃的汽车在路人的嘘声当中驶离领馆。	On Saturday, the badge of the U.S. Consulate was removed, and on Sunday, a dark-glass car drove away amid boos from passers-by.
星期天，很多成都人扎堆在美领馆前拍照，没有来过的人也因时事好奇心驱动下前来一看。	On Sunday, many people in Chengdu gathered in front of the U.S. Consulate to take photos, and even those who had never visited the consulate came to have a look, motivated by curiosity about current events.
法新社成都站记者也去成都美领馆附近观察了一番，传回消息称好奇者络绎不绝，还有很多家长带着孩子来散步观看领馆，给建筑拍照，或者自拍。	AFP's Chengdu reporter also visited the US consulate in Chengdu and reported that curious people were coming in droves, as well as many parents with their children walking to see the consulate and taking pictures of the building or taking selfies.
领馆周围围满了警卫，警察时不时“匡正”人们的行为，他们似乎不允许任何出格行为出现：一名女子刚刚开始准备唱红歌就被叫停，还有一名警卫没收了一个条幅。	Guards swarmed around the consulate, and the police occasionally “corrected” people's behavior, seeming not to allow any transgressions: a woman was stopped just as she started singing a revolutionary song, and a guard confiscated a banner.
但附近一个住宅楼的居民，成功在自家阳台上拉起了一个巨型的中国国旗，并喊着支持中国的口号。	But residents of a nearby residential building managed to hang a giant Chinese flag on the balcony and shout pro-China slogans.
成都美领馆于1985年开放，覆盖美国在中国西南部的所有领事相关事务，尤其是西藏自治区。	The U.S. Consulate in Chengdu opened in 1985, and covered all U.S. consular affairs in Southwest China, especially in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
法新社成都站记者表示，中国政府对美国的反应相对而言比较克制：众多中国人在网上要求政府关闭美国驻香港领馆，但官方只是说“关闭成都美领馆是对美国不合理行为必要且合法的回应”。	AFP's Chengdu reporter said that the Chinese government's response to the US was relatively restrained: many Chinese people asked the government to close the U.S. Consulate in Hong Kong on the Internet, but officials only said that "the shutdown of the US Consulate in Chengdu is a necessary and legal response to the unreasonable behavior of the United States."
目前除了成都之外，美国在华还有驻广东，驻上海，驻沈阳，驻武汉，驻香港领馆。	At present, in addition to Chengdu, the United States also has consulates in Guangdong, Shanghai, Shenyang, Wuhan, and Hong Kong.
大型融媒体行动《走村直播看脱贫》出发 - 今日要闻 - 湖南日报网 - 华声在线	Large-Scale Media Convergence Campaign "Watch Poverty Alleviation Livecast from Villages" Launches - Today's News - Hunan Daily Website - www.voc.com.cn
湖南日报·新湖南客户端7月25日讯(本报记者)7月25日，由中央广播电视总台财经节目中心主办的大型融媒体行动《走村直播看脱贫》从江苏徐州出发，两辆携带5G新媒体移动云制播系统的大篷车在现场嘉宾目送下，缓缓驶出现场。	Hunan Daily · New Hunan Client Terminal, July 25 (reporter from this organization) On July 25, two caravans carrying 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting system slowly drove out of Xuzhou, Jiangsu Province for the large-scale media convergence campaign "Watch Poverty Alleviation Livecast from Villages" sponsored by the China Media Group’s Financial Program Center.
习近平总书记指出，“2020年是具有里程碑意义的一年，我们将全面建成小康社会，实现第一个百年奋斗目标，2020年也是脱贫攻坚决战决胜之年”。	General secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that "2020 is a year of milestone significance, because we will finish building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and realize the first centenary goal; 2020 is also a year of decisive victory for the elimination of poverty.”
大型融媒体行动《走村直播看脱贫》是中央广播电视总台财经节目中心为配合这一重大主题，做好脱贫攻坚宣传的重要举措。	The large-scale media convergence campaign "Watch Poverty Alleviation Livecast from Villages" is an important measure taken by the China Media Group’s Financial Program Center in coordination with this major theme and promote poverty alleviation.
该行动将走进全国20多个省、自治区、直辖市的脱贫村，挖掘鲜活脱贫故事，直击村容村貌巨变，展现村民如何突破生存发展困境、走向致富之路的历程。	The campaign will go into villages receiving poverty relief in more than 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government to discover fresh poverty relief stories, directly view the huge changes in the appearance of the villages, and show how the villagers have overcome the difficulties of survival and development and moved towards the road of prosperity.
这次行动将持续3个多月。	The campaign will last more than three months.
记者从徐州出发，兵分两路，一路走西南线，途经安徽、湖北、江西、湖南、广西、贵州、四川、重庆、云南、西藏等地;另一路走西北线，途经河南、陕西、甘肃、青海、新疆、宁夏、内蒙古、山西、河北等地，行程超过1万公里。	Starting from Xuzhou, the reporter group divided and followed two routes: one is the southwest route, going through Anhui, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangxi, Guizhou, Sichuan, Chongqing, Yunnan, Tibet, and other places; the other is the northwest route, which goes through Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Hebei, and other places, covering a distance of more than 10 thousand kilometers.
在报道形式上，《走村直播看脱贫》大胆融合。	In the format of its reports, "Watch Poverty Alleviation Livecast from Villages" uses a bold integrated style.
大篷车所到村庄的经济发展情况，都将通过中央广播电视总台央视财经频道、央广经济之声、中国交通广播、央视财经新媒体进行播出。	The economic development of the villages visited by the caravan will be broadcast on CCTV-2 of the China Media Group, CNR Business Radio, CNR China Traffic Radio, and CCTV Financial New Media.
其中，电视直播将主要在央视财经频道的午间新闻节目《天下财经》完成(首播时间：周一至周日12：00-13:00 )，央视财经频道的黄金档新闻栏目《经济信息联播》将开设脱贫报道专栏(首播时间：周一至周日20：30-21:30 )。	Among them, the live TV broadcast will be mainly completed during the noon news program "World Finance" on CCTV-2 (airs 12:00-13:00 from Monday to Sunday), and the primetime news program "Economic News" on CCTV-2 will air a special program on Poverty Alleviation (airs 20:30-21:30 from Monday to Sunday).
同时，大篷车将对所到的每个村庄在央视财经客户端进行长达1小时的直播，观众通过下载央视财经APP，可以观看直播，参与抽奖活动。	Meanwhile, the caravan will carry out a 1-hour live broadcast of each village on the CCTV Finance App, where the audience can watch the live broadcast and participate in a lucky draw by downloading the CCTV Finance App.
在技术应用和演播室设计上，《 走村直播看脱贫》勇于突破，首创了“外场新媒体大篷车”。	In terms of technology application and studio design, "Watch Poverty Alleviation Livecast from Villages" makes a bold breakthrough, pioneering the "new media caravan in the field" model.
该车搭载5G新媒体移动云制播系统，利用5G+4K/8K+AI技术，实现线上线下、大屏小屏，电视广播的有机结合。	Each caravan is equipped with 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting system, and uses 5G+4K/8K+AI technology to achieve the organic fusion of online and offline, large screen and small screen, and TV broadcasting.
配置三讯演播区，演播区由集装箱改装而成，长12米、宽2.55米、高3.98米，箱体采用液压自动展开结构，最大可以上翻120度。	They are equipped with a 3-channel studio area made of retrofitted storage containers that are 12 meters long, 2.55 meters wide and 3.98 meters high, and which have automatic hydraulic expansion structure, and can be turned upwards up to 120 degrees.
演播区也可以自动展开，并外接扩展平台，面积50多平方米，可以满足大部分节目的场景要求。	The studio area can also be automatically expanded, and come with an external expansion platform of more than 50 square meters, which matches the scene requirements of most programs.
眼下的昆明市东川区已是夏日炎炎，而比天气更火热的是易地搬迁安置点旁的扶贫车间。	Summer is boiling hot in Kunming’s Dongchuan District, but poverty alleviation workshops next to population relocation sites are heating up faster than the summer thermometer.
昆明艾斯福电子科技公司员工吕玲说，“现在，一出家门，就进厂门，赚钱顾家两不误，多亏了工会组织的免费职业技能培训。”	Lv Ling, Kunming Aisifu Electronics Technology Company employee, says, “Now, I walk right out of my house and right into the factory gate, I can earn money and take care of my family at the same time, and it’s all thanks to the free vocational training arranged by the Trade Union. “
走进东川区铜都街道电子元器件加工扶贫车间，一派热火朝天的忙碌画面映入眼帘。	A bustling scene unfolds before your eyes as you walk into the electronics component processing poverty alleviation workshop on Tongdu Street in Dongchuan District.
40多岁的吕玲是位单亲妈妈，一个人带孩子，还要照顾年迈的父母。	Lu Ling, now in her 40’s, is a single mother who supports her child and her elderly parents by herself.
在她最困难的时候，东川区总工会帮忙出主意想办法，跑前忙后“雪中送炭”。	When things were at their most difficult for her, the Dongchuan District Federation of Trade Unions helped her find solutions and provided all kinds of aid that was like “a glass of water in the desert”.
2018年起，吕玲享受到住房、就学、社保、就业等帮扶政策和各级工会发放的帮扶金。	Since 2018, she has enjoyed housing, school, social insurance, and employment assistance from policies and assistance funding from trade unions at every level.
今年，她的孩子已经顺利毕业并就业，她本人也在参加技能培训后有了工作和收入，已于4月底脱困。	This year, her child graduated and found a job, and she herself found a job and gained an income after receiving vocational training, which finally helped her escape her difficult situation in late April.
据悉，东川区总组织助力脱贫攻坚专项技能培训项目，是云南省总工会技能培训工作的一部分。	According to reports, the Special Poverty Alleviation Vocational Skills Training Program organized by the Dongchuan District Party Committee is part of the Yunnan Provincial Federation of Trade Unions skills training work.
区总结合该区易地扶贫搬迁安置点困难职工的特点，深入调查了解培训需求，确定培训工种，近期计划培训电工、焊工、面点师等共计450人。	Based on the unique characteristics of poverty alleviation for the recently relocated employment-challenged in the district, the District Committee has conducted in-depth investigations to understand training requirements and determine the types of vocational training to be conducted, and in the near future plans to train a total of 450 electricians, welders, and pastry chefs.
近日，农业银行云南孟连县支行职工李怡给县总工会写了一封情真意切的感谢信。	Li Yi, an employee at the Agricultural Bank’s Yunnan Menglian County Branch, recently wrote a heartfelt letter of thanks to the County Federation of Trade Unions.
她在信中诚挚地感谢了从2013年8月到2017年1月之间，工会给予她的金秋助学款，帮助她完成学业。	In her letter, she offered sincere thanks for the Golden Autumn Scholarship she received from the trade union from August 2013 to January 2017, which allowed her to complete her studies.
2004年，李怡的父亲因车祸去世，母亲被纳入困难职工档案，此后，一直享受建档立卡政策的关爱。	After Li Yi’s father passed away in a car accident in 2004, her mother received employment-challenged status, and has enjoyed the benefits of inclusion in the system since.
在当地工会的帮扶下，李怡顺利完成学业。	With the help of the local trade union, Li Yi successfully completed her studies.
2016年以来，通过制度保障和精准帮扶实现脱困3809户。	Since 2016, systemic guarantees and targeted assistance have lifted 3,809 households out of poverty.
吕玲一家和李怡的成功解困脱困，是云南工会推进困难职工解困脱困工作的一个缩影。	The successful poverty relief offered to Lv Ling’s family and Li Yi are a window into the poverty alleviation efforts for the employment-challenged of Yunnan’s trade unions.
据云南省总工会法律和维权工作部工作人员段开元介绍，省总加强困难职工档案动态管理，推动建档工作常态化，对符合建档条件的困难职工，及时纳入帮扶系统；拓宽困难职工申请渠道，运用微信开通网上申请困难职工建档服务平台，方便困难职工及时主动申报。	According to Duan Kaiyuan, who works at the Yunnan Provincial Federation of Trade Unions in the Legal and Rights Protection Work Department, the Federation’s provincial headquarters has enhanced its dynamic management of the employment-challenged filing system, pushed normalize filing for assistance, and worked to actively bring those qualified for employment-challenged status into assistance systems; they have also expanded channels to apply for employment-challenged status by creating a WeChat application platform to make it easier for the employment-challenged to seek and apply for assistance on their own.
疫情期间，外出务工困难，为帮助在档困难职工缓解生活压力，云南省总安排1300余万元送温暖资金，按照全国级在档困难职工每户2000元、省级在档困难职工每户1500元标准，对6000余户全国级和1000余户省级在档困难职工实施专项送温暖慰问活动。	During the epidemic, seeking work outside the home has been difficult, so to help alleviate pressure on the livelihoods of the employment-challenged, the Yunnan Province Central Party Committee has arranged a total of 13 million yuan in “Delivering Comfort” aid, providing 2,000 yuan to every household in the national employment-challenged database and 1,500 yuan to every household in the provincial employment-challenged database, aid that reached a total of 6,000 employment-challenged households nationally and 1,000 employment-challenged households in the province through the special program.
同时，省总与人社部门和智联招聘等各类互联网招聘平台对接，将招聘信息推送给困难职工，并提供就业咨询、就业指导等服务。	At the same time, the Yunnan Province Central Party Committee, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, zhaopin.com, and other online job recruitment sites worked together to push job recruitment information to the employment-challenged, provide employment consulting and guidance, and provide other services.
28岁厨师被发现死于旧金山一家商场	28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
近日刚搬至旧金山的一位28岁厨师本周被发现死于当地一家商场的楼梯间。	A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
但受害人的哥哥表示想不出有谁会想要加害于他，并称“一切终于好起来了。”	But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, "Things were finally going well for him."
旧金山验尸官办公室表示，周三早上于西田购物中心发现的尸体确认为28岁旧金山居民 Frank Galicia。	The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山警察局称该起死亡案件被裁定为他杀，并正在进行调查。	The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
受害人的哥哥 Louis Galicia 对美国广播公司位于旧金山的电台 KGO 表示，之前在波士顿做流水线厨师的Frank 于六个月前在旧金山的 Sons & Daughters 餐馆找到一份流水线厨师的理想工作。	The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
Sons & Daughters 餐馆的一位发言人表示，他们对于 Frank 的死感到“非常震惊”。	A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.
该发言人称，“我们是相处得像亲密无间的一家人的一个小团队，我们将深深怀念他。”	"We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed," the spokesperson said.
在这个悲痛的时刻，我们向 Frank 的家人及朋友表达我们深切的同情与哀悼。	Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
Louis Galicia 称 Frank 起初住在招待所里，但是最近“一切终于好起来了。”	Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, "Things were finally going well for him."
Louis Galicia 告诉 KGO：“Frank找到一间公寓，同时在跟一个女孩交往。”	"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia 表示，他想不出有谁会想要加害他的弟弟。	Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
Frank 拥有善良的心地及宽阔的胸怀。	He was a kind spirit with a big heart.
Louis Galicia 称：“Frank 经常为家人烹饪晚餐。”	His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner," Louis Galicia said.
他从不愿意与家人争吵。	He never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
他是一个随从大家意见的人。	He was the brother that went with the flow.
Louis Galicia 说：“世上的所有事物都有可能出错，但Frank 称得上是一个每天都发光的外粗内秀之人。”	"With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day," he said.
有线索人士请拨打旧金山警察局举报电话415-575-4444。	Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
初级医生罢工：呼吁新的劳工行动	Junior doctors strike: Calls for fresh industrial action
初级医生代表号召联盟批准其针对新合同纠纷采取新的劳工行动。	Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
英国医学协会初级医生委员会将要求其全体成员自九月初开始支持更多的劳工行动。	The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
初级医生委员会表示，部长们未解决对于合同的忧虑。	The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
初级医生与医科学生于7月份投票抵制与英国医学协会达成的合同交易。	Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
参与投票的成员中，58%反对该合同交易。	It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the ballot.
初级医生委员会主席 Ellen McCourt 在周四晚间于推特上发表的一封致成员信中表示，对于导致合同遭到抵制的问题，政府“一贯保持沉默”。	In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained "persistently silent" on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
她表示：“鉴于此，初级医生委员会执行委员会已投票全盘驳回提议的新合同并呼吁就所有担忧重新进行正式协商。”	She said: "In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns."
针对政府的沉默态度，初级医生委员会执行委员会已于今日正式要求英国医学协会理事会召开特别会议批准旨在从九月初开始升级劳工行动的一项长期计划。	In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
该纠纷已导致初级医生今年共参与六次罢工，包括英国国家医疗服务体系历史上的首次全面罢工。	The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
英国医学协会初级医生领导者 Johann Malawana 博士在英国医学协会所推荐的合同议定条款遭到投票抵制之后辞职。	The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
在54,000名初级医生与医科学生投票之前的会议中，他曾对英国医学协会成员表示，该交易不错，因此应该予以接受。	He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
投票后，卫生部长 Jeremy Hunt 表示，该合同将在英格兰医护人员中强制实施。	Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
俄罗斯与土耳其：“格格不入联盟”？	Russia and Turkey: An 'alliance of misfits'?
一个手势结束一场危机。	It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
俄罗斯与土耳其领导人周二进行会见，双方握手并宣布正式结束长达八个月的口水战与经济制裁。	The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
然而，当弗拉基米尔·普京在一座圣彼德斯堡宫殿金碧辉煌的大厅中迎接土耳其总统时，我有种强烈的感觉：此次和解是安卡拉最希望看到的。	But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
是的，双方确实握手了。	There was the handshake, yes.
然而，即使是按照普京先生一向内敛的标准来看，普京也只是浅浅微笑，几乎未流露出热情之意。	But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
据报道，雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安则五次提到“好朋友”普京。	Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his "dear friend" Mr Putin - five times, according to one report.
我记不清了。	I lost count.
同时，他承诺与俄罗斯的关系将回归至危机发生前的水平，甚至达到更高水平。	He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
次日，此间一家报纸写到，埃尔多安先生则表现的好像什么都没发生一样。	The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
但是，我认为他的热情暗示了某些相反的东西。	To me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
然而，普京先生持续冷淡的态度说明他什么都没有忘记。	But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
实际上，他在开场白中提到的第一件事便是此次危机的原因：土耳其于叙利亚边境击落一架俄罗斯战机。	In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments: Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
莫斯科当时的反应很激烈。	Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
普京先生针对该事件进行猛烈抨击，指责安卡拉在背后暗算莫斯科。	Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
来自所谓朋友的攻击更让人难以接受。	The offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
双方很难，甚至不可能重新建立真正的信任。	Rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
自11月份开始，俄罗斯民意也有所扭转。	Russian public opinion has also turned since November.
数月来，被政府控制的媒体对安卡拉进行了令人震惊的全力进攻。	For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
突然之间，土耳其人似乎要为所有事情负责。	All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.
其中，最严重的是来自高级官员的指责：埃尔多安先生的家人从所谓伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的非法石油交易中获利。	Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
他已断然否认该种说法。	He's denied that emphatically.
然而，圣彼德斯堡传来的消息显示，是时候该向前看了。	But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
毕竟此次会面的前提是普京收到土耳其总统埃尔多安的道歉。	After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
俄罗斯可以宣布胜利了。	Russia could claim a victory of sorts.
对于安卡拉来说，休战的好处显而易见。	For Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
首先，埃尔多安在上个月政变失败后险些被赶下台，因此他需要所有朋友的支持。	First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
不断的恐怖袭击显然已对他造成很大打击。	Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
同时也有经济动机。	There is also an economic motive.
俄罗斯制裁对土耳其打击很大，尤其是禁止每年可输送几百万俄罗斯游客至土耳其海岸的包机服务。	Russian sanctions have hit hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
该数字已大幅下滑近90%。	The number has slumped by almost 90%.
随着航班恢复，俄罗斯的旅行社与包机公司必将松一口气。	As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
他们将迎来季末地中海旅游潮。	They're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
国家电视台甚至在本周预测，一旦土耳其农产品进口重新放开，水果及蔬菜的价格将下降。	And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
莫斯科报纸 Vedemosti 的一篇报道称：“游客去了，番茄回来了。”	"Tourists that way, tomatoes back here," as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
对于莫斯科来说，此次访问也具有额外的政治价值。	But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
安卡拉对于西方世界对接管意图的微弱反应感到愤怒。	Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
此外，安卡拉对于加入欧盟谈判的缓慢进展及普京的插手长期感到不满，普京热衷于利用政治寒意以及削弱土耳其与西方世界的关系。	Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin - who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
由于在政变失败后拥护当选当局，俄罗斯领导人必将获得安卡拉的加分。	The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
注意，这对于一直对政权更迭怀抱根深蒂固恐惧的莫斯科来说是一种馈赠。	Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
因此，在这个金碧辉煌的海边宫殿所举行的会面使俄罗斯与土耳其两个被西方世界拒绝与虐待的国家结成盟友，一位分析师将其描述为“格格不入联盟”。	So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of misfits": two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
然而，尽管公开和解，但双方仍存在重大分歧。	Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
叙利亚是关键因素之一。莫斯科近日在叙利亚扮演和事佬的角色，而俄罗斯与土耳其却支持相反派别。	The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
可以预见到的是，在经过近三个小时的初步谈话后，两位总统在发布会上表示，尚未谈及那个话题。	It could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
土耳其总统刻意回避关于双方分歧的问题，而普京则予以强调。	Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
双方就如何在叙利亚问题上求同存异未达成明确共识。	There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
在北大西洋公约组织成员国土耳其击落俄战机所带来的数月公开敌对及引发大型灾难的可能下，两国领导人再次重启对话肯定是件好事。	But after months of open hostility - and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
苏格兰皇家银行将不再为苏格兰以外客户服务	Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
据苏格兰皇家银行首席执行官透露，银行将简化为一个后勤部门。	The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
苏格兰皇家银行将不再为苏格兰以外的客户服务。	Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
罗斯·麦克尤恩告诉英国广播公司苏格兰分部，苏格兰皇家银行品牌曾经致力于其全球雄心壮志。	Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
但八年前濒临倒闭，不得不接受救助从那时开始便放弃了那样的追求。	It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
那段时间，品牌策略师使用‘RBS’来保护其它消费金融品牌。	During that time, brand strategists have used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.
集团曾耗费数百万英镑以赞助橄榄球六国赛和温布尔顿网球锦标赛冠军安迪·穆雷等方式赞助国际体育赛事。	It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
但是现在，正确的做法是让更多的国家品牌崭露头角。	But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
苏格兰皇家银行将为苏格兰客户所用，但不会回复原样。	Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
在英格兰和威尔士，所有在总部及证券交易所以外的提法将更改为国民西敏寺银行。	In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
阿尔斯特银行品牌已用于爱尔兰共和国与北爱尔兰自治区的客户。	The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
还有一些其它更突出的较小私人银行品牌，例如顾资银行、Adam & Co、 Drummond 与 Holt's Military Bank。	There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
麦克尤恩先生曾在因弗内斯郡客户与员工的参观之旅中接受采访。	Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
他告诉英国广播公司苏格兰分部说：“苏格兰皇家银行品牌将最终成为我们的投资者品牌，同时也是员工受雇品牌之一，因为目前更大意义上我们已成为一个拥有众多品牌的银行。”	He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands."
由于该银行本身成为一个国际品牌，RBS也成为全球品牌。	As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
目前，我要说的是，我们不再重点关注全球，我们已将目光转向本土。	I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
每一个品牌代表着各自所在行业的不同，而我们的员工通过不同品牌为客户服务。	Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
苏格兰皇家银行已表明不会继续赞助六国锦标赛；同时，已努力提升不同品牌在体育赛事赞助的形象。	RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
首席执行官表示：“现在到了成为一家多品牌银行的时候，因为私下我们一直在探求如何成为一家更好的服务于客户的银行。”	"The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath (we've been asking) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers?" said the chief executive.
如果三年前我们立志成为一家拥有众多品牌的大银行将备受嘲讽。	It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
目前我们重点关注客户需求，并且我相信您已注意到了这些变化。	But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
我认为我们可以重新启动这些品牌，而且现在时间正合适。	We can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
戴图理凭借 Predilection 在纽马基特的成功取得职业3,000胜	Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
纽马基特的两场胜利助力戴图理取得职业3,000胜，之后他喷香槟庆祝	Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3,000 wins
周五，职业赛马骑师戴图理 (Frankie Dettori) 在纽马基特 (Newmarket) 取得了他的第3,000场胜利。	Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
他策着出自练马师高仕登 (John Gosden) 之手的 Predilection 在马道上急驰，于当晚收获两场胜利，也借此实现了职业3,000胜。	He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track - on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
这位现年45岁的意大利人是第六位在平地赛领域取得这一里程碑的职业赛马骑师。	The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
前五位分别是：哥顿·李察 (Gordon Richards) 爵士、道格·史密斯 (Doug Smith)、柏葛 (Lester Piggott)、魏德礼 (Pat Eddery) 和嘉逊 (Willie Carson)。	He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
早前在 Ghayyar 获胜的三届冠军骑师戴图理说：“这很特别。”	Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said: "It's special."
我很激动，因为我的家人也在现场	I'm very emotional because my family are here as well
我对自己在纽马基特取得的成绩感到高兴，因为30年前我就是从这里起步的。	I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
这不是一场大规模的赛马会，也不是英国皇家爱斯科赛马会 (Royal Ascot)，这只是一个有着20,000名观众的普通的周五晚上。	It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's a mundane Friday night with 20,000 people.
我很欣慰，也很谦恭。	I'm relieved and very humble.
戴图理在获胜后牵来了 Predilection，引起了全场欢呼	Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
在障碍赛领域，有两名骑师取得了这一成就，他们分别是冠军骑师理查德·约翰逊 (Richard Johnson) 和现已退役的20届冠军麦考伊 (Anthony McCoy) 爵士，其中麦考伊爵士在其破纪录的职业生涯中取得了超过4,300场胜利。	Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing - champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
柏葛是九届德比赛冠军，在其职业生涯中共取得了4,493场胜利	Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4,493 career wins
戴图理是当代最棒的骑师之一，所以他取得这一里程碑式成就也就不足为奇了，在他之前取得这一成就的人不多。	Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
他时尚而健硕，但是真正让他在称重室中脱颖而出的却是他在战术上的理性。	He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他是一位了不起的马术大使，多年来，他的热情和魅力为这项运动吸引了大量粉丝。	He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
几周前，我在 Epsom 跟戴图理说，如果他不仅仅是一个周末与大赛骑师，他应该已经能取得6,000场胜利了！	I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6,000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey!
说真的，戴图理堪称英国三十年来最好的马术获胜者，这一点太重要了。	Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
他性格活泼，这对英国赛马来说是好事，但是除此之外，他还是一位不可思议的骑师。	He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
戴图理以其标志性的跳跃下马动作庆祝这一里程碑	Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
从跳跃冲线到跳跃下马，二十年来，戴图理一直是英国平地赛领域的典型代表。	From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
他的职业生涯如过山车一般。	It has been a rollercoaster ride.
他获得了多场大赛的冠军，其中包括1996年在英国皇家爱斯科赛马会取得的著名的“七连胜”，但是，他也遭遇了坠机事件，还因服用禁药遭到禁赛。	Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996 'Magnificent Seven' at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
三年前，当他在六个月禁期结束后重回赛场时，曾一度很吃力。但是，他表现出了惊人的性格优势，并终于重回巅峰，给那些持怀疑态度的人当头一棒。	Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
他或许做不了太长时间了——戴图理之前曾说过，他希望至少能参赛到50岁前。	And he may not be done for some time - Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
俄罗斯总统普京解除谢尔盖·伊万诺夫办公厅主任职务	Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京 (Vladimir Putin) 出乎意料地解除了谢尔盖·伊万诺夫 (Sergei Ivanov) 的总统办公厅主任职务。	Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
多年来，伊万诺夫先生一直是深得普京先生信任的核心集团的一分子。	Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
现年63岁的伊万诺夫如今已被任命为环境与交通问题特别代表。	The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
克里姆林宫的一份声明称，普京先生已“宣布解除伊万诺夫的俄罗斯总统办公厅主任一职，”但是没有给出原因。	A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had "decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but gave no reason.
2012年开始担任伊万诺夫先生副手的安东·瓦伊诺 (Anton Vaino) 已获任命为他的接任者。	Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
瓦伊诺先生现年44岁，是一名前外交官。	Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
他1972年出生在爱沙尼亚首都塔林，毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 (MGIMO)，在东京大使馆工作过。	Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
后来，他管理总统草案和政府员工，克里姆林宫网站（使用俄语）如是说。	Later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says (in Russian).
获任命后，他对普京先生说：“谢谢您的信任。”	On being appointed, he told Mr Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
我认为本政府最重要的任务就是支持国家元首起草法律和控制指令实施。	I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
普京先生周五告诉俄罗斯电视台说，伊万诺夫先生自己要求辞职并推荐了瓦伊诺先生来接任自己。	Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
这样的笑容令人信服吗？	Do the smiles convince?
莫斯科对此举感到不解。	This is a move that has mystified Moscow.
长期以来，谢尔盖·伊万诺夫一直是普京最亲密的助手之一，跟普京一样，也在苏联安全局（克格勃）工作过。	Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
作为办公厅主任，他曾是该国最具影响力的人士之一。	As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
在国家电视台播出的一次与普京总统的会面上，两人均称是这位办公厅主任自己要求辞职的。	In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
尽管在镜头前满面笑容，可是几乎没人信服——特别是在议会选举之前的这个时候。	But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced - especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
所以，这是在某种权力争夺中落败导致的吗？	So is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle?
尚无从得知。	No-one knows yet.
但是，官方说法——一个曾被视为总统候选人的人选突然间选择执掌俄罗斯的环境政策——引来了众多怀疑。	But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy - has been met with great scepticism.
克里姆林宫网站上引述了伊万诺夫先生与普京先生的对话，他说："是的，2012年初，我曾在一次对话中请求你予以我这个难做的职位，甚至可以说是麻烦的职位，四年的任期。"	In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said "it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even - you could say - troublesome post, for four years.
"结果是，我已担任总统办公厅主任四年八个月啦。"	Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月担任此职。	Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
在此之前，他担任副总理和国防部长。	He served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他是俄罗斯安全委员会的一员，还跟普京先生一样，也是国家安全局前成员。	He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
20世纪90年代末，当普京先生出任联邦安全局（FSB，前身为国家安全局）局长时，伊万诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。	In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
普京先生上台后，他又指定伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五人之一。	When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
外界曾一度认为伊万诺夫先生可能会在普京先生第二任期结束后出任俄罗斯总统，因为三连任是违反宪法的。	It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
但是这一职位最终归属于普京的另一位亲密助手德米特里·梅德韦杰夫 (Dmitry Medvedev)。	But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
在三年半后重新任职总统之前，普京先生担任俄罗斯总理一职。	Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
神秘鱼惊现 Banff 一花园	Mystery as fish land in Banff garden
Banff 的一位居民发现有鱼惊现自家花园，随后发出了求助。	A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain 认为这75条鱼可能是被海上龙卷风刮来的沙鳗。	Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
Bain 先生居住在距离大海约500米的地方，他在 Periscope 上发布了这一奇怪场景的视频，希望有人能为他解释为何会出现这些两英寸长的鱼。	Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
昆斯费里大桥现已通至法夫	Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife
该斥资13.5亿英镑的项目计划于2017年5月完工	The £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
工程师们已经把昆斯费里大桥 (Queensferry Crossing) 的北桥面和高架桥连接到一起，也就是说大桥如今已通至法夫。	Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct - meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
位于每座大桥三个桥头堡附近的四处“桥面风机”合龙现已接近竣工，而该项目为首个合龙的大桥。	It is the first of four closures between the "deck fans," which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
起始于法夫的这段大桥长600米，重30,000公吨。	The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
它使用了10,000公吨钢材、20,000公吨混凝土和46根斜拉索。	It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
该斥资13.5亿英镑的项目计划于2017年5月完工。	The £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
经济部长基思·布朗 (Keith Brown) 今天参观了现场，成为首批登上大桥的人之一。	Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
他说："这是昆斯费里大桥建造过程中的一个历史性时刻。"	He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
我们都见证了在如此宏大项目上的工程作业，光是建造该大桥的这一段就使用了超过30,000公吨混凝土和钢材。	We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
尽管该桥的规模和重量都很巨大，但是完成高架桥和桥面之间的合龙却需要精细作业，需要非常精准的装配。	Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
总的来说，近79%的总桥面现已安装完成，最后一段桥面的混凝土桥面今天在 Rosyth 浇注，也就是说所有桥面都已做好就位准备。	Overall, nearly 79% of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
昆斯费里大桥建造公司项目总监 Michael Martin 说："不管是哪个大桥项目，第一次合龙都是一个重大里程碑。"	Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said: "The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
就该了不起的项目而言，此次合龙展现出前沿的土木工程技术。	On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
安装最后一段路面板并将之连接至扩大的北桥堡路面板之后，接下来需要完成北侧或者接近陆地一侧的剩余缺口合龙。	After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north - or landward - side.
完成该项作业需把北部高架引桥南移700毫米。	This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
这是一次规模巨大的作业，同时也是一次非常精密的作业。	This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
说它规模巨大，是因为高架桥长222米，重约6,000公吨，需要拉出一个约3%的斜度。	Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3%.
说它精密，是因为工程团队需要确保偏差非常之小，每边只有几毫米。	Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny - just a few millimetres either way.
令人欣慰的是，一切都进展得很顺利。	Happily, it all went very well.
西蒙·拜尔斯摘得女子体操全能冠军	Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
忘掉压力。	Forget the pressure.
忘掉炒作。	Forget the hype.
西蒙·拜尔斯 (Simone Biles) 不受这一切的影响。	Simone Biles is immune to all of it.
跳马时充满活力。	Dynamic on vault.
平衡木上游刃有余。	Effortless on beam.
自由体操动作惊艳。	Jaw-dropping on floor.
整体表现非常精彩。	Brilliant all over.
现在，终于成为了奥运冠军。	And now, finally, an Olympic champion.
这位19岁的美国体操运动员周四摘得了全能冠军，充分在奥运赛场上展示了她在体操方面领先世界的天赋。	The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
她以62.198的总分远超银牌得主、“终极五人组”(Final Five) 队员莱斯曼 (Aly Raisman) 和铜牌得主俄罗斯选手穆斯塔芬娜 (Aliya Mustafina)。	Her total of 62.198 was well clear of silver medalist and "Final Five" teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
来自美国的西蒙-拜尔斯于周四在巴西里约热内卢举的2016年夏季奥运会的艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上进行了平衡木表演。	United States' Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
拜尔斯帮助美国队在奥运会女子体操个人全能上实现了四连冠，她个人在本届奥运会上共夺得五枚奖牌，进一步印证了她是这一代，也可能是有史以来，最优秀的体操队员。	Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
当看到自己总分的那一刻，拜尔斯忍不住流下泪水。她终于结束了这一漫长的旅程。	She burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
拜尔斯因此跻身像迈克尔-菲尔普斯 (Michael Phelps) 一样的“几十年一遇运动员”的行列，他们将各自领域的体育项目提升到新高度：	The achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights:
拜尔斯最近三年一直称霸赛场，共夺得15枚世界锦标赛奖牌，其中包括十枚金牌。怀揣志向的她每日刻苦训练，以达到更高的精确度。1984年奥运冠军玛莉·卢·雷顿 (Mary Lou Retton) 称：“拜尔斯是我见过的最棒的体操运动员。”	Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold - with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."
在巴西还有最后一场比赛，但这场比赛与其说是拜尔斯与其他体操选手的竞争，不如说是她自己与巨大期望压力之间的较量。	One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
如果拜尔斯没有满载金牌回到她位于德克萨斯州斯普林的家，大家一定会非常失望。	Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
来自美国的西蒙·拜尔斯（左）与莱斯曼相互拥抱，她们在8月份（周四）巴西里约热内卢举办的2016年夏季奥运会的艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上分别获得金牌与银牌。	United States' Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
拜尔斯于周二斩获第一枚金牌，给即将退役的国家队教练卡罗利 (Martha Karolyi) 的欢送会奉上一份惊喜的厚礼。	Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
尽管拜尔斯坚称自己在常年占据冠军宝座的过程中并没有计划未来，但事实不完全是这样的。	While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
拜尔斯自由体操当中的一段——包括她标志性的翻腾串连的那一段，配的是拉丁音乐，而这段音乐正是她在与里约奥运会场馆仅有一街之隔住所里常听的。	A portion of her floor exercise routine - the one that includes her signature tumbling pass - is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
这绝非巧合。	It's not a coincidence.
这个在婴儿时期被祖父母收养，并在一次体育馆实地考察旅行时被教练艾米·伯尔曼 (Aimee Boorman) 的母亲发现的女孩现已成长为中坚力量。	The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
自从2013年夏季以来，拜尔斯就没有在全能比赛中失手过，只要想赢，她就一定会赢。	She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
穆斯塔芬娜两次旋转后的稍稍领先只是一个幻觉。	Though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
平衡木与自由体操两个项目的卫冕世界冠军拜尔斯埋伏以待。	Balance beam and floor exercise - where Biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait.
她的平衡木得分15.433，自由体操得分15.933。	She went back in front with a 15.433 on beam - and capped it with a 15.933 on floor.
在等待最后比分出来的时候，莱斯曼轻轻抱了一下拜尔斯。当拜尔斯得知自己取得梦寐以求的成绩后，顿时留下了眼泪。	Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score - a mere formality - and tears appeared around Biles' glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
莱斯曼的表现有点像是对四年前的复仇，当时她并列第三，但在决胜局中输给了穆斯塔芬娜。	Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
但这一次，这位被美国人戏称为“奶奶”的22岁队长遥遥领先。	This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call "grandma" was well ahead.
她在自由体操结束后向人群飞吻，宣告回归，但这样的回归以前有时却看起来存在疑问。	She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
拜尔斯才19岁。从本周早些时候起，其消息就在推特上病毒般传播开来。就拜尔斯而言，其人生已被赋予了全新意义。	As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning:
“身中数弹”的6岁 Mahaj Brown 在费城枪击案中幸免	Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets," survives Philadelphia shooting
警方称，一名六岁的男孩在费城遭到枪击，这也是本周该市第二个中枪的六岁儿童。	Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
孩子的祖父母向 CBS Philadelphia 证实，遭枪击的孩子是 Mahaj Brown。	The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
他们说，Brown 的腹股沟、腿、胳膊和腹部等部位有多处枪伤，但是孩子在送医途中是清醒的。	The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
“他遭了不少罪，小小的身体被子弹打得千疮百孔，”他的祖母 Delores Melendez 对电视台说。	"He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
我简直不敢相信。	I just can't believe it.
这名男孩在医院的情况很危急，已经接受了多次手术。	The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
他的家人告诉电视台说，孩子有望康复。	Family tells the station he is expected to recover.
他原本要开始在当地一所小学读一年级了。	He was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown 是 Germantown 地区遭到枪击的四人之一。	Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
其他遭到枪击的三人中，两人29岁，一人32岁。	Also shot were three men: two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
据 CBS Philadelphia 称，其中一名29岁的受害者情况危急；另两名受害者情况稳定。	One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
电视台称，这名孩子与那名29岁的情况危急的受害者是在汽车前座上被发现的。	The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
另两名受害者不在车上，警方正在调查是否受伤人员中就有枪手。	The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
调查人员告诉 CBS Philadelphia，看起来像是多名枪手交火。	Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
现场发现了不少攻击性武器的弹壳，由此可推断他们使用的是不同的攻击性武器。	Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
由此判断，这无疑是一场持续战。	It appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
街道两边的人行道上都有弹壳。	There were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
“所以，由此可见当时现场有多名武装人员处于激战状态，”费城警察局长Anthony Ginaldi 对电视台说。	So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged," Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
该地区有不少房屋及车辆受损。	Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
尚未实行抓捕行动，据说，警察在调看监控录像。	No arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
周二，还有一名六岁儿童（女孩），在位于 West Oak Lane 社区的家门口玩耍时，被流弹射中胳膊。	Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
她目前正在康复，警察仍在追捕嫌犯。	She is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
为何我们需要西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞	Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
我就是这样评价今年的女子奥运体操队的，原因不止一个。	That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
首先，从1984年起，我去了每一届夏季奥运会，但美国从未这般占据霸主地位。	First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
其次，这支体操队有三名优秀的体操运动员——西蒙·拜尔斯 (Simone Biles)、加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯 (Gabby Douglas) 和劳瑞·埃尔南德斯 (Lauren Laurie Hernandez)，她们一直激励着众多有色人种女孩。	And second: This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
这支队伍的组成令所有人都倍感自豪，因为里面包含了犹太教的阿里·莱斯曼 (Aly Raisman) 和天主教的麦迪逊·科希安 (Madison Kocian)。	The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
这支队伍终于看起像美国队了。	This team looks, finally, like America.
它还巩固了黑人及拉丁裔女性在这项运动中的巅峰地位。	It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
过去四年里，首屈一指的女体操运动员一直是非裔美国人。	For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
去年，西蒙和加布丽埃勒分列第一、第二位。	Last year, Simone and Gabby were #1 and #2.
这太厉害了。	This is powerful.
上届奥运会，加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯“出人意料”地成为了奥运冠军，这令美国欢呼不已。	Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
如今，全世界都能见证三届世界冠军西蒙·拜尔斯、道格拉斯和劳瑞·埃尔南德斯精彩绝伦的表现。他们把常规的体操技巧演绎得出神入化。	Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
周四，西蒙帮助美国队在女子个人全能项目上实现四连冠。	On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
她的队友阿里·莱斯曼斩获了银牌。	And teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
我们登上了这项运动的巅峰，但在全美体操教学课堂上却并非如此。	We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞进入奥运代表队的途径跟阿里及麦迪逊一样。	Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
她们是“终极五人组”(Final Five)，因为下届奥运体操队将由四名体操运动员组成，这是 Marta Karolyi 最后一年执教。	They are the "Final Five" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
但是现实却是，体操是一项费用昂贵的运动，体操运动员主要在私人体操俱乐部进行训练，她们的父母需要支付训练、设施、差旅、服装、比赛及旅馆费用（包括教练及体操运动员和家人的相关费用），并且费用清单还在不断增加。	But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees (for the coaches and their gymnasts and families) and the list goes on.
大部分的体操俱乐部坐落在可为该项产业提供支持的富裕的郊区。	Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
体操运动员的所有训练都在这些俱乐部完成，对体操运动员的家庭而言是一笔长期的昂贵开支。	These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts' families.
拜尔斯的教练艾米·伯尔曼 (Aimee Boorman) 和埃尔南德斯的教练 Maggie Haney 自这两名体操运动员开始练体操起一直执教她们。	Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
我们必须将更实惠、更可及的体操训练带给无数深受西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞影响的年轻女孩。	We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
20年前，我成立了自己的体操基金会。	I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
在我的组织中，我们在黑人住宅区向15,000余名城市青年（主要是黑人和西班牙裔美国人）提供免费、廉价的体操，并培养出全国乃至世界冠军。	At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15,000 urban youth (primarily black and Hispanic) and have trained national and international champions.
9月份，我们将扩大到底特律（我的家乡），向那些值得获得这一学习机会并将从这项了不起的奥运运动中受益的年轻人提供高品质体操。	In September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
体操有助于培养身体的力量、灵活性及协调性，还有助于培养吃苦耐劳的精神、自律性及决心。	Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
这些可为一个人的健康、学业及工作成功带来终身益处。	This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
受这支队伍的鼓舞，成千上万名年轻女孩将学习体操，这真的很棒。	It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
参加运动意义重大，对女孩来说尤其如此。	To participate in sport is so important, especially for girls.
这是一个激动人心的时刻。	This is such an exciting time.
感谢西蒙、阿里、劳瑞、加布丽埃勒及麦迪逊在赢得奥运团体金牌过程中所精彩展现出来的“女孩力量”，也感谢她们激励如此多背景各异的年轻女孩开启通向健康、强大、成功之路。	Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of "Girl Power" in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
驳回杰里米·亨特提议后，初级医生计划发起进一步罢工	Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
部长们起初希望通过接受英国医学协会 (BMA) 官员修改后的合同来结束这场由变化引发的纠纷，但是37,000名参与投票的初级医生中，有58%反对该合同。	Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
7月，亨特先生透露计划强制实行合同，他说英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 目前处于“真空地带”，稍有延误便会损害员工和患者的利益。	In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in "no man's land" and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
新合同首先提到修改初级医生通宵与周末工作惯例，以改善非正常工作时间的护理情况。	The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
昨天晚上，BMA 初级医生委员会主席 Ellen McCourt 博士在一份声明中说道：“初级医生对拟议的合同仍有着严重担忧，尤其担心它会加剧当前的劳动力危机，也未能公平地对待所有医生。”	Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors" committee chair, said in a statement last night: "Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly."
距离首批医生签署新合同仅剩八周时间了，我们需要取得进展，时间不多了。	With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
BMA 努力通过谈判解决纠纷，但是大家却不愿意参与，有时政府则以沉默应对。	Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
尽管如此，就在上个月我们还是得到了杰里米·亨特的承诺，他说自己的大门始终敞开。	This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
“杰里米·亨特现在需要采取行动了，取消强制执行，解决初级医生”担心的问题。	"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors" concerns.
如果他不这样做，初级医生明确表示他们已经准备好采取进一步的劳工行动了。	If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
上次罢工发生在4月底，导致近13,000台常规手术和100,000例预约延期，因为护士和会诊医生为纠察线上的医生打掩护。	The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
部长们起初希望通过接受 BMA 修改后的合同来结束这场由变化引发的纠纷。	Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
BMA 希望为合同所涉及的54,000名初级医生争取更好的周末工资。	The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
NHS Employers 首席执行官 Daniel Mortimer 呼吁初级医生不要再上演任何罢工了。	Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
Mortimer 先生说：“劳工行动收效甚微，相反却会对已然倾注全力的队伍和服务造成压力，导致患者、护理人员及其家人的担心、忧虑及混乱。”	Mr Mortimer said: "Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families."
过去两个月里，我们不断与初级医生委员会进行谈判，并和卫生部及其他部门一起积极回应他们对监护人角色和举报揭发的担忧。	Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
雇主们希望继续积极探讨其他重要话题——如部署、培训的灵活性、针对那些在职业生涯中断后重上岗之人的其他培训、培训成本、对课程提纲的共同认知、进修假和医疗领域的性别工资差异，这些说明了雇主、英格兰健康教育组织 (Health Education England) 和卫生部对11月、2月及5月与 BMA 达成的协议很重视。	Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics - such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
每天2英镑的药物可降低心脏病发作威胁	The £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
相关官员建议将一种每天2英镑的药物推广给更多患者并且要延长服药时间，之后数以千计的心脏病患者将从这种药物中受益。	Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
抗凝血药替卡格雷 (ticagrelor) 可降低心脏病患者的心脏病复发风险。	Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
这种药物在心脏病发作后持续服用12个月，可降低中风或心脏病再次发作的风险。	The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 下属监管机构国家卫生与临床优化研究所 (NICE) 建议患者持续服药四年，以便进一步降低心脏血管疾病的风险。	NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但是现在，NHS 监管机构 NICE 建议给患者持续服药四年，以便进一步降低心脏血管疾病的风险。	But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
在英格兰，每年有大约140,000人罹患心脏病，其中有四分之一会继续遭遇心脏病复发或出现中风。	Some 140,000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
心脏病发作和中风是脂肪物质在动脉壁沉积形成斑块导致的。	Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
如果斑块断开，就会导致血栓，进而阻碍血流入心脏，导致心脏病发作。	If the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果血栓移动，就会进入血流，阻碍血流入大脑，导致中风。	And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
已经经历过一次心脏病发作的患者，心脏病再次发作的风险更高。	People who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
替卡格雷由英国公司阿斯利康 (AstraZeneca) 制造，以倍林达 (Brilique) 为商品名进行销售，可通过减少血栓的形成来降低发病风险。	Ticagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
今日发布的 NICE 指导草案建议患者服用90 mg 的替卡格雷12个月时间，之后的三年每天服用60mg替卡格雷和两次阿斯匹林。	The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
NICE 卫生技术评估中心主任 Carole Longson 教授说：“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗，但是有多达四分之一有过心脏病发作史的患者会再次发病或中风，通常会造成严重后果。”	Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
对复发的恐惧会对一个人的生活品质造成很大的负面影响。	Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
证据表明，替卡格雷与阿司匹林一起服用可有效降低那些经历过心脏病发作之患者心脏病复发及中风的风险。	The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
替卡格雷的临时推荐将为成千上万受益的人们提供更多的治疗选择，对此我们深感欣慰。	In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
由于有关替卡格雷在三年后的疗效及安全，特别是出血风险的信息很有限，该指导草案并不建议在这一期限之后继续用其治疗。	Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - particularly the risk of bleeding - beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
电脑文化使“选举舞弊”盛行穆斯林地区	PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
Tower Hamlets 前市长拉赫曼 (Lutfur Rahman) 因腐败去年惨遭革职，促使一份政府报告的发表。	Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
“政治正确性”文化致使穆斯林社区普遍存在的选举舞弊行为被视而不见，这份具有杀伤性的政府报告今天这样揭示道。	A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
前内阁大臣埃里克·皮克尔斯 (Eric Pickles) 爵士指责警方、选举监管机构和市政厅因“对种族划分和宗教问题过度敏感”而对滥用选举的证据视而不见。	Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of "over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."
这位原社区事务大臣、现任反贪一把手表示，拿宗教立场恫吓选民的做法影响恶劣，警方应被获准在投票站外设立警戒线，以此来保护心惊胆战的选民。	The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
他建议选民投票时携带身份证件，以证实自己的身份。	He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
目前，选民只需报出自己的姓名和地址即可。	Currently, a voter merely has to state their name and address.
这份报告甚至建议在选民手指上涂上擦不掉的墨水，防止有人二次投票。	The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
埃里克爵士说，应加大对举报者的保护力度。	Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
他呼吁增加媒体了解会议文件及非官方委员会或工作组所做决定的途径。	He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
“这不仅仅是为了防范选举舞弊，还是为了保护地方政府免遭广泛的腐败文化以及与其密切联系在一起的金融诈骗的毒害，”他说。	"This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.
这份报告是在东伦敦发生 Tower Hamlets 选举丑闻后，唐宁街要求发布的。	The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
去年，一家特别选举法庭裁定在任市长拉赫曼存在一连串的腐败和违法行为，应遭到革职。	Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
该法庭发现，拉赫曼“非常可笑地滥用”穆斯林社区的宗教情感，并对剑指他种族歧视和伊斯兰恐惧症的指控闭口不谈。	The court found Rahman "cynically perverted" the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
据说，拉赫曼“在竞选时宣称给他投票是忠诚穆斯林教徒的宗教义务。”	Rahman, it was said, "ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him."
多达300张选票存在疑点，可能是选民假冒他人投票的。	Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
埃里克爵士说，有证据表明全国上下都存在选举舞弊行为。	Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
他特别警示了邮寄选举舞弊，据说，穆斯林社区的资深成员对选民施加压力，迫使这些选民给他们指定的候选人投票。	He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud - in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
埃里克爵士（照片中）就清理投票机制给出了多条建议，其中就包括带好身份证件，以证实自己的身份	Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
他在报告中说：“证据表明，资深成员，特别是巴基斯坦和孟加拉国背景社区中的资深成员向一些少数族裔社区的弱势群体，尤其是妇女和年轻人，施加压力，让他们按照自己的意愿投票。”	His report says: "Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
“由于对种族划分和宗教‘政治正确性’过度敏感，他们担心国家机构会对这样的行为视而不见。”	"There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of "politically correct" over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."
埃里克爵士提出了50条清理选举机制的建议，包括严禁政治活动家处理邮寄投票文件以阻止“投票收获”。	Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop "vote harvesting."
该报告还要求严查登记信息以防止选民名册被用于移民和福利诈骗。特雷莎·梅 (Theresa May) 也在考虑这份报告。	The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
这些建议包括要求选民在投票前出示身份证件。	Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
投票后在选民手指上涂上擦不掉的墨水，防止有人二次投票。	Use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
系统性核实选民的民族所属以确保投票资格。	Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
将自动邮寄投票请求的有效期限定为三年。	Put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
禁止政治活动家及激进分子处理已完成的邮寄投票和邮寄投票信封。	Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
授权警方在投票站周围设立警戒线。	Give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
修改法律条款，使得能够更容易地依照《1983年人民代表法》 (Representation of the People Act 1983) 控告相关人员恐吓罪。	Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
规定在投票站拍照是违法的。	Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
规定在投票站只可使用英语（威尔士地区除外）。	Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations (except in Wales).
加强培训，确保工作人员严格执行“选民单独去投票厅”的规定。	Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
埃里克爵士痛斥大都会警察局 (Metropolitan Police)，说他们在 Tower Hamlets 事件发生后没有提出任何犯罪指控，着实令人“惊讶不已”。	Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
“拉赫曼及其选举干事存在不少腐败及违法行为，因此遭到了选举法庭的撤销资格处分，”他说。	"The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
依照刑事证明标准，他在很多方面无可置疑是有罪的。	He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - to a criminal standard of proof - on a series of grounds.
他还对市政厅选举登记部门形同虚设的“勾选框检查”大加批评。	He also criticises the ineffectual "tick-box inspections" of town hall electoral registration departments.
埃里克爵士说：“去年法庭对 Tower Hamlets 判决给大家敲响了警钟。”	Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
我国有着“议会之母”的光荣传统，然而某些机构私下偷偷摸摸的选举舞弊行为及事后的万般抵赖着实令人担忧，也威胁了这一良好声誉。	Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
里约奥运会上长相酷似凯特王妃的自行车手及撞脸其他名人的选手受到追捧	Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
本周，2016里约奥运会上长相酷似凯特王妃的法国自行车手波林·费朗德·普雷沃 (Pauline Ferrand Prevot) 受到了观众们的大力追捧。	Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
但是这位24岁的奥运选手不是本届夏季奥运会上唯一一位撞脸名人的金牌争夺者，至少社交媒体不这样认为。	But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger - at least not according to social media.
因此，为纪念里约奥运会与当时屏幕上出现的所有名人脸，FEMAIL 整理了一份撞脸好莱坞明星的奥运选手名单。	So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
猎人与狼：美国男子射箭队员布莱迪·埃里森 (Brady Ellison)（左）从小就被比作莱昂纳多·迪卡普里奥 (Leonardo DiCaprio)	The hunter and the wolf: U.S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
除了自行车赛道上撞脸凯特的选手外，很多网民很快发现某位射箭选手简直就是莱昂纳多·迪卡普里奥的孪生兄弟。	Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
自从他的酷似于《华尔街狼人》 (Wolf of Wall Street) 主演造型的照片在推特上曝光后，美国男子射箭队员布莱迪·埃里森就在社交媒体上引起了巨大骚动。	U.S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
事实上，这位射箭选手察觉到了社交媒体的炒作并承认打小就有人说自己长得像小李子。	And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
“我自认为除了络腮胡以外，并不是长得很像，”布莱迪对《赫芬顿邮报》(Huffington Post) 说。	'I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair,' Brady told Huffington Post.
“他是一个长相帅气的花花公子，所以我想这是对我的夸赞吧。”	'He is a good-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment.'
2012伦敦奥运会上最流行的对比之一今年无疑将被找到更多相似之处：英国跳远选手格雷格·卢瑟福 (Greg Rutherford) 长得像极了著名演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯 (Neil Patrick Harris)。	One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year: the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
长着一双会说话的大眼睛的俄罗斯体操选手穆斯塔芬娜 (Aliya Mustafina) 被指长相酷似古巴裔美国歌星格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡 (Gloria Estefan)。	Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
而在泳坛，多年来，南非游泳运动员卡梅伦·范德伯格 (Cameron van der Burgh) 一直被拿来和《欢乐合唱团》(Glee) 主演马修·莫里森 (Matthew Morrison) 做比较。	And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
换装：该用户认为倪家骏 (Nathan Adrian) 是该《盗梦空间》(Inception) 演员的“运动版”	Changing it up: This user reckons that Nathan is an 'athletic version' of the Inception actor
另外一对老被拿来比较的是网球明星拉菲尔·纳达尔 (Rafael Nadal) 和演员乔什·哈奈特 (Josh Hartnett)，他们的浓眉和嘴唇长得很像。	Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
摘得银牌的俄罗斯游泳选手艾菲莫 (Yulia Efimova) 和演员安娜丽尼·麦考德 (Annalynne McCord) 拥有同样的古铜色皮肤和金发，而美国队的倪家骏则被粉丝比作“运动版的约瑟夫·高登·莱维特 (Joseph Gorgon Levitt)”。	Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an 'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.'
女汉子：足球明星霍普·索罗 (Hope Solo)（左）和《嗜血法医》(Dexter) 演员珍妮弗·卡彭特(Jennifer Carpenter)（右）拥有相似的脸型和眼睛	Tough women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
不是唯一的一个：一位推特用户很开心地发现其他人也看到了这些相似之处	Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
传播理论：据这位用户说，这一对长得像或许是有原因的	Floating a theory: According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
一位推特用户最近开心地在网上宣称“其他网民也认为霍普·索罗和珍妮弗·卡彭特实际上长得一模一样。”	One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that 'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical.'
确实，这位美国足球明星和这位《嗜血法医》主演拥有相似度极高的脸型和眼睛。	Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
其他流行的对比包括克丽·沃尔什·詹宁斯 (Kerri Walsh·Jennings)，她的笑容几乎和女演员劳拉·琳妮 (Laura Linney) 的一模一样；还有获得金牌的体操选手盖比·道格拉斯 (Gabby Douglas)，她美丽而灿烂的笑容与《魅力四射》 (Bring It On star) 明星加布里埃尔·尤尼恩 (Gabrielle Union) 的笑容如出一辙。	Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
CBC 奥运会解说员就中国游泳运动员“像猪一样慢”的评论道歉	CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer 'died like a pig'
周三，拜伦·麦克唐纳 (Byron MacDonald) 对14岁小将艾衍含获得女子4x200米自由泳接力赛第四名的评论惹怒了收看加拿大广播公司 (CBC) 奥运现场直播的观众	Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
加拿大广播公司 CBC 的一名解说员说14岁的中国游泳小将在比赛中“出发时游得比臭气散发还快”，最后“却像猪一样慢”，之后 CBC 被迫对此道歉。	Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer 'went out like stink' and 'died like a pig' during a race.
解说员拜伦·麦克唐纳在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛决赛结束时，发表了一些自己的看法，当时他以为自己的麦克风已经关掉。	Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
观众听到 CBC 解说员团队这位戴“有色眼镜”评论选手的拜伦说：“那名14岁的中国小姑娘犯了个愚蠢的错误。”	MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide 'color' could be heard saying: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
由于太激动了，开始出发时游得比臭气散发还快，但后来像头猪一样慢。	Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
还真是多亏她了。	Thanks for that.
现年14岁的中国游泳选手艾衍含游的是第二棒，用时1分57秒79——落后加拿大的泰勒·拉克 (Taylor Ruck) 1.61秒，继而使得加拿大队缩小了与中国的差距。	Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
整个加拿大的观众都被这位解说员的语气及措辞给惊到了，之后他们很快在网络上做出了反应	Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
Emmett Macfarlane 推送道：“那位 CBC解说员说中国14岁的游泳运动员‘慢得像猪一样’？？？”	Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig'"????
这个白痴没有意识到是在直播。	The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air.'
参加女子4x200米自由泳接力赛决赛的中国小将艾衍含被这样描述：“那名14岁的中国小姑娘犯了个愚蠢的错误。”	Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby.'
推特上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评迅速在推特上铺天盖地地袭来，很多人要求其退出解说。	Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
当推特用户听说拜伦·麦克唐纳对此反应迟钝时，他们并未就此打住。	Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
另一位推特用户 Sarah Paradis 写道：“哇#拜伦·麦克唐纳。	Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.
你代表的是 CBC 和加拿大，你的言行使得我们大家听起来都像一群种族主义者。#真令人讨厌。	You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. #disgusted.
不久后，CBC 广播主持人 Scott Russel 就拜伦的言论在直播中道歉，他说：“我们对直播游泳选手表现的评论而道歉。”	Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying: 'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air.'
“我们很抱歉出现这种不合时宜的措辞。”	It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened.'
CBC 向那些对该言论有所回应的推特用户道歉90多次	CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
另一名解说员 Scott Russel 也代表拜伦致歉	Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
CBC 之后将他们的道歉复制粘贴给了其他90多位抗议拜伦解说的推特用户	CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
该频道也很快做出了道歉并发布了声明。	The network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
我们对说出这样的话并将之直播出去感到无比抱歉。	We sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
昨晚，我们迅速采取行动，向收看我们直播的观众以及在社交媒体上关注我们的观众道歉。	We moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
需要说明的是，拜伦的解说针对的是游泳选手的表现，但是并不是针对她个人。	To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
就是说，措辞确实不恰当，拜伦对此深感抱歉。	That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
周四下午，麦克唐纳在直播中道歉，他说自己的言语没有半点人身攻击的意思，并企图借此为自己的言论开脱。	On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
“我想花点时间为自己昨天晚上在女子接力赛结束后发表的言论道歉，”他在 CBC 奥运转播上如是说。	'I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay,' he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast.'
“我只是评论游泳选手的表现，而不是针对其个人。”	'I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person.'
“当然，我没有不尊重的意思，我很抱歉。”	'Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry.'
Primark 顾客对一名厚颜无耻地在店中央试穿内裤的女子表示愤怒	Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
一名女子在一间 Primark 的店中央当场脱衣试内裤，店内顾客不知该朝哪里看。	Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
更糟糕的是，她还打量自己穿上后看起来如何，然后将内裤脱下又放回货架。	To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
她继续浏览货架，并最终在位于 Folkestone 的 Bouverie Place 购物中心的这家店内试穿了四条内裤。	She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
这名女子在位于 Folkestone 的 Bouverie Place 购物中心的这家 Primark 店内不断试穿内裤，然后又放回货架	The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
当时也在店内的 Jenny Davidson（两个孩子的母亲）说，试穿内衣后，这名神秘女子“再次穿好衣服，然后就走出了商店，什么都没买。”	A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman 'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything.'
她说：“大家都不敢相信自己所看到的。”	She said: 'People couldn't believe what they were seeing.'
她就站在店中央，从货架上取下一条内裤，脱掉自己的紧身裤和内裤，然后就这样穿上了。	Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
“她没有试着去找隐蔽的地方去试穿——她只是站在那里，真是厚颜无耻。”	'She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it - she just stood there, bold as brass.'
“当她把内裤再次脱下来的时候，所有人都被惊得目瞪口呆。显然，她还是不满意，因为她把内裤放回了货架。”	'Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf.'
之后，她又像这样试了三条，最后发现都不是自己喜欢的，然后再次穿好衣服，走出店去。	She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
“她看似并不在意有人在看她——或者也没有想过谁会最终买走她试穿过的内裤。”	'She didn't seem to care who was watching - or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on.'
居住在 Kent 镇的 Davidson 女士（33岁）说：“一想到有人会买走其他人穿过且没被清洗过的内裤，就觉得恶心。”	Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said: 'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned.'
这件事发生在周二下午。	The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson 女士补充说：“待她离开后，店员显然要对这些内裤做下架处理，幸好如此。”	Ms Davidson added: 'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left - which is just as well.'
“我讨厌买回家一条新内裤，却发现有另一个女人试穿过并且没有被清洗过。”	'I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed.'
Primark 的一位发言人说：“Primark 已经知道了8月9日（周二）发生在我们 Folkestone 店内的事情。”	A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9.'
所有有问题商品均已下架。	All the product in question has been removed from sale.
如何在持枪攻击中使用马伽术保护自己	How to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
这个世界很危险，但是 Dailymail.com 上的这个视频或许能带给你一点安全感。	It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail.com might help make it a little safer for you.
我们向纽约的马伽术联盟 (Krav Maga Federation) 大师 Rhon Mizrachi 请教，了解如何近距离应对持枪行凶者。	We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
不论他是从前面，还是后面靠近你，该视频都会教你如何转败为胜。	Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
Mizrachi 说，如果枪手从后面靠近你，你首先要做的就是转身，以便你能看到袭击者，并“清除火线”。	If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and 'clear the line of fire'.
接着，用前臂和肩膀夹住枪，然后用你的肘部击打袭击者面部。	You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
接下来用膝盖顶其腹股沟，当袭击者因疼痛而弯下身子时，扭转他手中的枪，用枪管和后备枪组打他的脸，保持武器一直对准他。	A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
如果枪手从前面靠近，也采用类似技巧——让你的身体不在火线范围内，夺取枪并扭转枪口，以便枪手不能开火。	For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique - get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
与此同时，将重量压在枪上并击打袭击者的胸部，并从他紧握的手中扭转枪口，然后将枪口对准他。	At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
听起来很复杂？	Sounds tricky?
查看视频，看看 Mizrachi 到底是怎么做的。	Check the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
但是请记住，如果你不是马伽术大师的话，要想摆脱抢劫，最安全的办法就是交出现金。	But remember that the safest way out of any mugging - if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster - is to hand over your cash.
一户流氓家庭在遭驱逐前毁坏位于康沃尔郡索尔塔什的廉租房	Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
因恐吓邻居而遭驱逐的一户流氓家庭，在离开前对其所住廉租房进行了破坏，造成了50000英镑的损失。	A family of yobs left their council house with £50,000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在遭到一长串的投诉后，Tanya Skeldon 与其丈夫 Shaun Trebilcock 被赶出了位于康沃尔郡索尔塔什的廉租房。	Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
在被强制从该住所遣离后，住房协会官员惊讶地发现这里遭到了严重破坏。	After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
墙上到处是洞，地板被扯破了，垃圾扔得满地都是，墙壁上被涂的乱七八糟。	The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
遭到驱逐后，这家人一直在搬家，据说目前住在私人住宅	The family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
康沃尔郡住房协会房屋经理 Donna McEvoy 说，她担心这处房子已经无法挽救了。	Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
她说：“对于住在这里的人们来说，这就是一场噩梦，我不认为人可以这样生活。”	She said: 'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
现在有很多事情需要权衡，因为这处房屋很可能会成为康沃尔郡一个不太好的元素。	There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
这户家庭臭名昭著，他们的名字同样臭名昭著。	This family are notorious and their name is notorious.
这对夫妇有三个儿子，他们会不时住在这里。警方表示，这户人家的恐怖行为包括使用棒球棍在街头打架、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、贩毒、大喊大叫、争吵以及咒骂。	The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
六月份，这位名叫 Skeldon 的47岁租客收到了一份反社会行为决议。	Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
在这栋可能遭到拆除的房子里，许多房间都是放置许久的垃圾	Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在这间曾经交易过毒品的房间里，地板被掀起来了	Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
邻居称，经常看到他们在街头打架，也经常因此报警	Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
在给了11周的延长期让他们自愿搬离后，康沃尔郡住房协会本周强行将她与她的丈夫驱离该住所。	Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
终于松了口气的邻居们为此欢呼不已，他们表示，之前的生活简直是人间地狱。	The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
一位邻居说道：“他们不在乎任何人。”	One said: 'They didn't care about anybody.'
我们在他们隔壁住了20年，一直这么糟糕。	We lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们曾无数次看到警察登门。	The amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
“今天早晨，我们竟睡不着了。”	'This morning, we couldn't sleep.'
我们早早就起床了，因为这里太安静了——我们还不习惯呢！	We got up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to that!
他们终于走了，真是太好了。	It's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
康沃尔郡住房协会社区执行经理 Adam Fitzpatrick 说道，这户人家没能好好配合当地政府。	Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
这家人在这所房子里住了20年，警察经常造访	The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
垃圾和旧玩具被扔在该廉租房杂草丛生的一边	Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
他补充说：“令人遗憾的是，该房客没有为她与家人的行为而负任何责任，驱逐是康沃尔郡住房协会最后考虑的做法。”	He added: 'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
这是一起非常难处理的案件，因为他们的行为非常极端，而他们的所作所为也一定让邻居们感到万分恐惧。	This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
我感谢我的团队所做的工作，也要感谢德文郡与康沃尔郡警方以及勇敢向我们提供信息的社区成员。	I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我希望此举将给邻居们带来些许安慰，并传递这样一个信息：我们对反社会行为绝不容忍。	I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick 先生表示，他们的三个儿子在不同时期都在这个房子里住过，但是也说了，他们都才20多岁。	Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
在他们遭驱离后，其中一间卧室的地板上还扔着一个脏床垫	A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
住房协会工人很快将清理房子周围成堆的垃圾	Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
2014年，警方曾搜查了该房屋，发现了70多克大麻，还发现了天平、吸毒用具及1,700英镑现金。	In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash.
认罪后，Skeldon 因持有 B 类毒品及贩卖毒品意图被处以罚款。	Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
她声称，钱是用来给2013年死于车祸的儿子 Lee Skeldon 买墓碑的。	She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
据了解，在无家可归后，Tanya 与其丈夫现在住在普利茅斯的一处私人房屋。	After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
该住房多间房间的墙上都画满了涂鸦。	The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
警方表示，他们将驱逐违抗租户规则的租客。	Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
德文郡与康沃尔郡警局的 Angela Crow 表示，此次驱逐向其他继续违抗租户规则的租客发出了明确警告。	Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
“这一警告针对的是那些认为自己的行为不会受到指责，以及那些受这种行为摧残的人们，”她说。	'This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour,' she said.
德文郡与康沃尔郡警局绝不容忍犯罪与反社会行为，他们将继续携手合作伙伴保护我们的社区。	Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
里德：希拉里若当选总统将提名加兰德进入最高法院	Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
参议院民主党领袖哈里·里德 (Harry Reid) 说，他确信若民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿(Hillary Clinton) 当选总统，她将提名加兰德 (Merrick Garland) 法官进入最高法院。	Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院共和党人自巴拉克·奥巴马 (Barack Obama) 总统三月份提名加兰德以来，一直阻止对加兰德进行确认。	Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
参议院多数党领袖米奇·麦康奈尔 (Mitch McConnell) 表示，下届总统将选择此人来接替已故最高法院法官斯卡利亚 (Antonin Scalia)。	Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
里德在周四的一次电话会议上说，他预测希拉里会选择“有一些可信度”的加兰德。	Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland "with some degree of credibility."
里德的一位女发言人随后说，里德没有就是否会提名加兰德直接与希拉里对话，并说他只是猜测。	A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
他对加兰德大加赞赏，并说希拉里的团队不希望因新人选而“搅局”。	He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to "rock the boat" with a new pick.
加兰德是美国哥伦比亚特区联邦巡回上诉法院的首席法官。	Garland is the chief judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
里德说，阻止加兰德提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普 (Donald Trump) 的“宠臣”与“成就者”。	Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are "minions" and "enablers" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
他说特朗普不适合当总统。	He said Trump is unfit for office.
《Treats》：裸体日历“男女都喜爱”	Treats says nude calendar for 'women, as well as men'
《Treats》杂志将携手摄影师 David Bellemere 拍摄一组灵感源自20世纪70年代 Pirelli 的2017年日历。	Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s' Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
此次，他们计划为其2017 NU Muses 日历寻找新一代顶级模特，而非著名的裸体人。	But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
《Treats》总裁 Steve Shaw 今年早些时候表示，他们以裸体为主的杂志不同于老派的《花花公子》，因为“后者面向男性。”	Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because "Playboy is for men."
而我们则面向女性。	I do this for women.
显然，他认为这组日历也是这样。	Apparently he thinks the calendar is, too.
“我们需要展示让女性和男性都感觉自在的永恒而经典的裸体，而这次正是受此启发，”Shaw 在一次日历推介发布会上如是说。	"We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
女性会乐于参与此次拍摄，因为它是一个美丽的艺术品。	Women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
模特们可在线提交照片应聘，也可亲自到洛杉矶和纽约的公开招募现场应聘。	Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
视频报告显示：小头睡鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物	Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal - video report
科学家表示，小头睡鲨 (Greenland shark) 是地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物。	Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
一直研究鲨鱼的 Julius Nielsen 说，据资料记载，有一头雌性小头睡鲨的年龄预计介于272岁至512岁之间，体长达五米。	Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
法国法院驳回拆除丛林难民营中商店的请愿书	French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国一家法院驳回了加莱政府意在拆除“丛林”难民营中几十家临时搭建的商店及餐馆的请愿书。该难民营中目前居住着上千名难民。	A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
在该法院本周的听证会上，加莱政府辩称法国政府应有权拆除该难民营内总计72间临时搭建的商店。民众在难民营中的这些商店里销售从香烟到能量饮料在内的商品、提供理发服务，还在临时搭建的餐馆中以50美分（40便士）的价格卖茶或以几欧元的价格售卖基本餐点。	At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
加莱省长办公室认为这些地方应被拆除，因为它们是不缴税的平行经济，还存在火灾和卫生隐患。	The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
人道主义团体却对法院表示这些商店和餐馆极为重要，因为国家支持的协会及其他团体所提供的免费食物根本无法满足该难民营不断增长的难民的需求。	Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
他们称，这些临时搭建的商店和餐馆经常为有需要之人提供庇护所及免费食物。	They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
里尔一家法院裁定，没有法律依据来驱逐这72间临时商店的经营者，但表示加莱省长的担忧“完全可以理解”。	A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns "were totally understandable."
Jean·François Molla 法官表示，这些杂货店、咖啡馆及餐馆的作用远不止简单地向那些“生活在极其危险条件下”的难民提供食物。	The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that "live in extremely precarious conditions."
他说，这些地方是难民和志愿者之间平静的汇合点。	He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
其中一个遭到拆除威胁的地方就是该难民营的“Jungle Book Kids”咖啡馆，该非营利性小店每天提供200份食物、英语及法语课，还为该难民营中数百名无人陪伴的弱势未成年人提供庇护建议。	One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids" Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
170000多人签署了请愿书来保护这间咖啡馆。	More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids" cafe.
一封给《卫报》(Guardian) 的信中写道，关闭这间咖啡馆“将是这些儿童（很多儿童只有八岁）的一场大灾难。”	A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure "would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight."
Help Refugees 和 L'Auberge des Migrants 这两家慈善组织周五预计，丛林难民营中的难民数量已突破9000，这也是继夏季难民人数激增以来的最高水平。	Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9,000 people - the highest ever - after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
“这5000元资助，解了我的燃眉之急。”	"This 5,000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money."
花垣县长乐乡米迫村贫困建档立卡户女孩周芬收到了南华大学录取通知书。	Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
正当她为入学费用犯愁时，8月9日，团县委及时给她落实了5000元资助款。	When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 5000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
连日来，县有关部门还为690余名贫困大学生落实283.8万元就学资助。	Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2.838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
同时，对于家庭经济状况特别困难的，还通过组织社会捐资助学等形式，帮助其完成学业。	It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
花垣今年整合助学资金1850多万元，财政自筹250多万元，由财政部门按规定时限打入贫困学生实名银行卡中。	This year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18.5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2.5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
她感激地说：“我原以为爸爸去世了，我和哥哥都上不成大学了，没想到县里及时为我们解决了困难。”	"I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely." She said gratefully.
截至8月8日，花垣已为13140名贫困学生落实今年上半年各种救助资金2100多万元。	As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13,140 poverty-stricken students.
所有本县籍贫困学生实现了应助尽助、该补则补。	All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
记者在现场看到，一辆大型的货柜车车头在交警指挥下移靠在快车道上，货柜箱掉落在绿化道，路边被砸出一条2厘米深的坑。	According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据新华社消息澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府11日宣布，将斥资2亿澳元（约合1.54亿美元）对著名的悉尼歌剧院进行建成以来最大规模的修缮。	According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars (about 154 million US dollars) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
新南威尔士州政府表示，此次修缮不会改变歌剧院贝壳状的外形。	The New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼的地标性建筑之一，由丹麦建筑师约恩·乌特松设计，1973年建成，每年接待约800万参观者。	The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·杰夫斯认为，悉尼歌剧院将借这次改造打个“翻身仗”，成为“世界上音响效果最好的音乐厅之一”。	Rory Jeffes, general manager of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a "turnaround" via this renovation and become one of the world's concerts with the best sound effects.
在京居住6个月以上的且符合在京有合法稳定就业、合法稳定住所、连续就读条件之一的非京籍市民,可以申请领取居住证。	Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
近日,北京《居住证暂行条例》实施细则出台,这意味着“暂住证”将升级为“居住证”。	Recently, the launch of implementation details of "Residence Permit Provisional Regulations" indicates that the "temporary residence permit" will be upgraded to "residence permit".
相关部门负责人称,从“暂住证”到“居住证”的转变,意味着北京对非京籍常住人口将从“管理”转为多方位服务。	A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the "temporary residence permit" to "residence permit" means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the "management" to multi-directional services.
记者今天从国家税务总局了解到,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关已公布税收违法“黑名单”案件2470件。	Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation (SAT) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2,470 illegal "blacklist" cases.
据了解,2014年7月,国家税务总局在中央政府职能部门中先行一步,与《纳税信用管理办法》联袂发布了《重大税收违法案件信息公布办法》。	It is understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
不但这些案件的违法事实、法律依据、处理处罚情况会被公布,而且违法当事人的基本信息以及相关中介机构责任人也会被列入“黑名单”一并曝光。	In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the "blacklist" exposure.
质检、财政、海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”当事人采取了相关惩戒措施。	Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the "blacklist" parties.
“信用修复机制是税收信用体系建设乃至全社会信用体系建设的一个重要的里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设在不断发展完善,日趋成熟。”	"The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature."
“环境问题表现在大气、水、土壤污染上，但根子还是在生产生活方式上”。	"Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living."
例如，2015年江苏省土地开发度高达21%，位列全国省、自治区最高。	For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21% in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
因此，高污染、大能源、多占地的问题还没有从生产生活方式转变上得到根本性应对。	Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
一方面，从江苏省各级各类生态环境创建成效来看，以绝对优势位居全国首位；但另一方面，资源环境承载压力大。	On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
扎实推进生态环境保护和治理，需要从根本上推进生产生活方式转变，以生态文明建设促转型惠民生。	To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
11日，在连云港港码头，由国电集团生产的42片风电叶片装船准备出口南非。	On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
自去年以来，国电集团共计有163套风电项目陆续从连云港港出口南非。	Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
奥组委委托制作国旗的第三方公司（非中国公司）在巴西圣保罗州，距离圣保罗市约75公里。	The third party company (non-Chinese company) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
为督促厂家尽快完工，中国驻圣保罗总领馆组织专人赶赴厂家，深入做工作。	To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
经过30个小时加班加点，该厂家终于完成中国国旗制作并装车赴运，将原本需要4－5个工作日的任务提前完成。	After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
据悉，国旗预计于11日运抵里约，奥组委收到国旗后会送到各个奥运场馆，整个过程将在中国驻巴西使领馆的监督之下完成。	It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
本报讯10日，南通市政府在上海国际会议中心举办沪通产业合作恳谈活动，180多家上海企业受邀参加，20个亿元以上沪通产业对接项目现场签约。	(This newspaper) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
集中签约的20个项目总投资80.63亿元，涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务业等多个行业。	The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8.063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
青岛是全国第12个也是山东省首个排污权有偿使用和交易试点城市。	Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first trial city to use and trade emissions.
11日,多家企业分别来到青岛市排污权交易中心提交排污权申购,申购受理后将缴纳有偿使用费。	On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
此次即将完成的交易首单也预示着青岛排污权交易试点工作正式拉开序幕,这也将是全省排污权交易首单和全国城市级排污权交易首单。	The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
11日上午,青岛双桃精细化工(集团)有限公司总经理赵秀平来到青岛市排污权交易中心提交排污权申购。	In the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical (Group) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
该企业位于青岛老城区的厂区去年年底全面停产,环保搬迁至平度的新厂区。	Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
赵秀平提交了申请表、建设项目环境影响报告书等材料后,青岛市排污权储备和交易服务中心开始对申请材料进行初审。	After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
根据青岛市物价、财政等部门确定的征收标准,目前预估算的初始排污权使用费约为64.12万元,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成核定。	According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641,200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
此次即将完成的交易首单也预示着青岛排污权交易试点工作正式拉开序幕,也将是全省排污权交易首单和全国城市级排污权交易首单。	The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
赵秀平说,目前企业环保已投资达4个亿,表面上数额巨大,但对企业经营管理理念、社会效益都有很大影响,对企业创新管理也开辟了空间。	According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
当天,青岛四方新诚志卓客车配件有限公司也来为年产4200件高铁及动车组内饰配件项目申购排污权。	On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4,200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
该项目属于机械加工企业,申请的初始排污权为化学需氧量(COD)0.514吨/年、氨氮(NOX)0.052吨/年。	The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand (COD) and ammonia (NOX) are 0.514 tons/year and 0.052 tons/year, respectively.
大气污染物排污权有偿使用和交易为全市电力、热力生产供应重点工业企业。	The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
2016年1月1日前已取得环评的现有排污单位,暂不征收有偿使用费。	On January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
“有偿获得排污权并不等于获得了违法排污的权力,并不能随意地排放污染物。”	The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
青岛市环保局副局长汉红燕介绍,如果违法排污、超标排污仍然要按照相关的法规予以处罚,不可能允许违法企业通过购买排污权的方式来规避处罚。	Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
也就是说,通过法律手段严厉打击环境违法行为,严惩企业的超标排污行为,从而保护环境,保障公众健康。	In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises' over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
现在企业为了自身的利益,提高了治污的积极性,珍惜有限的排污权,减少了污染物排放。	Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
有了经济利益的驱动,减少污染物的排放就从政府的强制行为变为企业自觉的市场行为,从而真正达到保护环境、保护自然、保障公众健康的目的。	With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants' discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
排污权又称“排放权”,是排放污染物的权利,指排放者在政府分配的额度内,依法享有的向环境排放污染物的权利。	Emission right, also known as "dumping right", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
这种权利实质上是排污者对环境容量资源占有、使用和收益的权利。	This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不超过允许排放量的前提下,内部各污染源之间通过货币交换的方式相互调剂排污量。	Next, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
排污权交易自1968年由美国经济学家戴尔斯提出以来,20世纪70年代开始美国将其应用于大气及河流污染源的管理。	Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
我国从2007年开始进行试点,目前已有浙江、江苏等14个省(区、市)在全面推行。	Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
据俄罗斯国防部介绍，为协助这6架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内“伊斯兰国”目标实施空中打击，多架俄军战机从叙利亚赫迈米姆空军基地升空提供支持。	According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the "Islamic State" target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
今年2月22日，美国与俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突各方停火达成协议，停火协议自当月27日起开始执行。	On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
根据协议，停火不包括对“伊斯兰国”“支持阵线”等联合国安理会认定的恐怖组织的军事打击。	Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including "Islamic State" and "Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
俄将在该基地继续建设相关军事基础设施，俄军人的生活条件也会得到相应保障。	Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
他还说，如果不对极端主义势力进行打击，这些势力会扩展到俄罗斯。	He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
虽然俄罗斯与西方没有在共同打击叙极端主义势力方面达成协议，但俄会在此方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗、伊拉克等方面的合作。	Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
2015年9月，俄罗斯应叙利亚政府邀请开始对叙极端主义势力进行军事打击。	In September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
今年3月15日，俄驻叙主要军事力量开始撤离，但俄方承诺会继续保留驻赫迈米姆空军基地和驻塔尔图斯海军基地。	On March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
在老宅新生和成功乡创的案例中，何培均做了很好的示范：传承一间百年古宅，同时也讲述一块土地的传承故事。	In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example: to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
如今，每年平均有10万人次会聚到竹山，或是带来各种各样的创意，或是寻求内心的宁静。	Today, 100,000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
其实，乡村和城市的关系应该是相互陪伴，就像母亲和孩子一样，没有强弱之分，没有需要谁来统治谁，应该是很温暖的。	In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
乡村开发没有什么固定的模式，但靠乡村自发的改变难乎其难，最重要的一点应该是让对的人到乡村去。	There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
上海市松江区交管部门近日使用电子警察整治驾驶员开车玩手机，一个星期查获30多起。	Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
随着智能手机的普及，手机越来越好玩，刷微信、发微博乃至玩游戏、逛淘宝都成常态，很多人似乎须臾离不开手机，连开车的时候都停不下来。	With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
《道路交通安全法》明令禁止开车玩手机，并将它定义为“妨碍安全驾驶行为”。	According to "Road Traffic Safety Act", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as "behavior preventing safe driving".
遗憾的是，因违法者众、取证难等原因，这种现象并没有受到应有惩处，法律规定几乎成了摆设。	Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
如果交管部门都能下定决心向开车玩手机行为“宣战”，将这一措施常态化，这种违法行为就一定能受到遏制。	If the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
要严密户籍档案管理，对无户口人员户口登记材料逐一建立电子和纸质档案，确保档案资料完整有效。	The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou (household registration) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关应当将办理无户口人员户口登记的情况，及时通报相关部门。	The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
对与本实施意见精神不一致的政策措施将进行一次集中清理，该修改的认真修改，该废止的坚决废止。	The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
在太仓市东林村的集体大棚里，48岁的王雪芬正带着工人给梨树喷洒农药。	In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
全村150亩果园，10多个树种，只需要12位工人加1位技术工程师。	There are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
去年5万块钱一共，像我这个年龄，如果在工厂打工肯定拿不到这个钱。	Last year, the income was a total of RMB 50,000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
去年，东林村村级收入达到2200万元，其中农业总收入占比近一半。	Last year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
村书记苏齐芳：人均土地种植面积每年在提升，刚开始50亩，现在已经超过100亩；亩均效益每年在增加，职业农民的收入也每年都有增长的余地。	According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu (a unit of area, one "mu"=0.0667 hectares) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
股份量化到每一个村民，苏南农村集体经济改革的最大亮点就在于明晰农村集体经营性资产产权并探索政经分开。	With shares quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
2015年7月，无锡市锡山区安镇街道14个农村经济合作组织与所在村村委会“分账管理”，村委会履行农村公共事务管理，合作组织则主要从事经营。	In July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement "sub-account management". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
两个机构两本账，互不“搭界”，防止村干部参与集体资产经营发生腐败现象。	With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
江苏省农委副主任祝保平介绍说，江苏下一步将继续推动社区股份合作制改革，鼓励农民联合发展，建立村级的民主权力运行机制。	Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
祝保平：进一步把改革往前推进，搞社区股份合作，把资产量化到社员，固定到农户，形成明确的产权。	According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
通过互联网+，落实他的知情权，决策的参与权及民主管理的监督权，三个权利落实给农户，确实让它变成规范的股份合作的运行机制。	Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
目前，苏南农村新集体经济主要形成了资产租赁型、企业股份型、农业开发型、联合发展型4种发展模式。	At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
据了解，海外会展成为推动浙江省“一带一路”建设的重要平台。	It is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the "Belt and Road Initiative" development.
这些海外展会的成功举办为继续开拓“一带一路”沿线新兴市场，打造海外会展综合平台积累了宝贵经验和良好基础。	The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the "Belt and Road Initiative" road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
匹克将始终以提升消费者的运动需求为导向，构建体育产业生态圈，加速由单一体育用品制造企业向专业体育服务企业战略升级。	PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
哈米尔又说，另有34人受伤送医，包括3名消防人员受了轻伤，他们已经出院。	Hamir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
由于有些住户仍下落不明，他也呼吁起火公寓的居民与当局联络。	As some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
据悉，在这栋公寓住了30年的杜雷女士(Mariana Turay)表示：“好像有炸弹掉下来。”	It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei (Mariana Turay) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said: "It seems like a bomb falling down."
据悉，当地消防队花费了1小时45分钟才扑灭大火，附近建筑的居民在几小时后获准返回住处。	It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
美国红十字会人员估计，大约有100人无家可归，其中60至70人暂留附近小区中心的收容所，他们大都是西裔居民。	American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
8月11日，首届锦州湿地旅游文化节在锦州东方华地城“鹤泉湖”畔启幕。	On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng "Crane Lake".
从2014年起，旅游产业创造的收入，占锦州市GDP10%；2015年更是达到了11.3%。	From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10% of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11.3% in 2015.
东方华地城湿地温泉旅游区，地处锦州市凌海大有经济区滨海公路凌海段1号，距离锦州市区70公里，距离凌海市区50公里，距离盘锦市70公里。	The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No.1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
景区有室内温泉占地3000平方米，室外温泉占地4600平方米。	There are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
厦门姑娘张彬彬：“手型漂亮”开始射击之路职业生涯几经“逆转”	Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin: "handsome hands" encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several "reverse"
厦门翔安区东园村的张东红前几天刚把家中29寸的老电视，换成了65寸的大电视。	Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
这位普通农民的女儿，就是11日晚为中国斩获里约奥运会女子50米步枪三姿决赛银牌的张彬彬。	The ordinary farmer has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
11日夜，就在这部新电视前，张东红夫妇和几十位亲戚好友，一起见证了女儿一路奋起直追，从几乎预赛就被淘汰到差点大逆转的神奇过程。	In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
在当日的比赛中，张彬彬一度排名中下游，似乎距离决赛十分遥远。	At the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
但父母和亲朋好友没有放弃，不停地刷着文字直播，看到随着其他选手完赛，张彬彬名次一路提升，最终锁定决赛席位，其家中顿时爆发从一阵欢呼。	But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
决赛中，张彬彬又是在一度排名靠后的情况下，最后几枪越打越稳，仅以落后冠军0.2环成绩夺得银牌。	In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0.2 rings behind the champion.
今年已经27岁的张彬彬，在16年的射击生涯中，其实有几度都差点与这块来之不易的银牌擦身而过。	This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
其母张小龙告诉记者，就在他们犹豫时，张彬彬找来了同村的几个“小说客”。	According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few "little persuaders" from her village at their hesitation.
这些“小说客”是当年同时被推荐参加集训的同村小孩，其中还有张彬彬的表姐。	These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
就在进入厦门队后不久，张彬彬又一度因为家庭困难等原因，主动回到翔安的学校读书。	Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
但是在其启蒙教练张亚杰反复做工作后，张彬彬又回到了厦门队。	But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
而进入省队后，张彬彬又曾因为迟迟进不了国家队，一度因为看不到希望而再度回到家里。	And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
这次，不仅张亚杰教练，厦门射击射箭运动中心和福建省队的领导和教练都来到家里，最终劝说张彬彬回到省队。	This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
就如同昨天的比赛，这位厦门姑娘的用坚持实现了射击之路上的一个个逆转。	Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
“每个教练挑选队员的方法不一样，当时我看到彬彬的手长得很漂亮，就一下子相中了。”	"Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands."
张东红也回忆，在集训测试中，女儿虽然成绩不是最好，但打出的环数很稳定，这也是张彬彬吸引教练的重要原因。	Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
在训练张彬彬的过程中，张亚杰印象最深的，则是这位农家女孩的投入。	During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
他回忆说，张彬彬进入厦门射击队一年后多，队里进行立射的持久举枪训练，要求队员半个小时不能动。	He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
张小龙告诉记者，女儿一直是个安静乖巧的孩子，从小就喜欢画画和自制手工玩具，	Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and producing toys.
“原来我会在家里做做衣服、缝缝补补，彬彬就会捡一些边角料自己做娃娃。”	"I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls."
她说，女儿常常会自己缝制手工玩具，加上她擅长画画，从娃娃的五官到衣饰，总能做得栩栩如生。	She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
作为运动员，张彬彬和家人聚少离多，只有节假日才能回家，平时多靠电话联系。	As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
父母说，无论是见面还是打电话，张彬彬很少说自己的辛苦，更多的是跟父母聊些开心的事。	According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
平时见不到女儿，父母在家中将女儿小时候的画作以及历年的荣誉都细心收存着。	Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
张小龙将女儿的动漫画作展示给记者，“如果没有当射击运动员，她应该还会继续画画”。	Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, "She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter."
而在张彬彬家二楼客厅，有一个柜子内放满了她所获得的奖章、奖牌和证书。	In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
张东红将奖牌和奖章整齐摆放，证书则统一放进了文件夹保存，“这些都是彬彬十几年心血换来的荣誉，我们都很珍惜。”	Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. "This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years' efforts. We feel quite cherished."
近日，河北省慈孝基金将16000元慰问金送到井陉县小作、台头、贵泉等村6户失亲家庭手中。	Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16,000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
这是该基金向社会发出寻找“7.19洪灾中失亲少年儿童和孤独老人”启示后的又一次慰问关爱行动。	This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding "bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016".
7.19强降雨致使河北省多地受灾，造成省内部分地区出现洪涝灾害，并出现人员死亡和失踪。	The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
好人“老铁”因帮助小区义务排水不幸牺牲，留下2岁的幼儿和身怀六甲的妻子，好人“老铁”的感人事迹感动了整个省城。	The good man "Lao Tie" sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man "Lao Tie" made the entire provincial capital moved.
8月4日，河北省慈孝基金工作人员和河北品牌会志愿者一起来到好人“老铁”家中，把3200元爱心款交到“老铁”的家人手里。	On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3,200-yuan love donation.
当品牌会副会长叶莉了解到“老铁”家人的现状后，当即决定在品牌会的企业会员里开展“爱心义卖”活动，帮助“老铁”家人共度难关。	When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of "Lao Tie", they immediately decided to carry out "love charity" activities among enterprise members to help "old iron" family to ride out the storm.
河北省慈孝基金，全称为河北省志愿服务基金会·慈孝基金，由河北品牌会筹委会发起，成立于2015年8月。	Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
据香港《东方日报》8月12日报道，目前内地钻石销售被指存在三大问题，包括虚标钻石净度推高售价、虚标钻石重量、售后无保障等。	According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
而安特卫普为全球最大的钻石交易中心之一，当地工匠的钻石切割技术名满天下，所出售的钻石经过严格鉴定，深受内地女士的欢迎。	Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
“一个小布袋，握在手心，轻飘飘的一小撮，价值近百万元”，一名参与代购钻石的刘姓大妈，向内地传媒描述她今年六月在安特卫普的经历。	"A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
她指自己把钻石藏在内衣里，连续几日上厕所、洗澡都带着，走路睡觉都十分紧张。	She buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她称在安特卫普所买的钻石，购入价为每克拉约五万五千元，同品质的钻石在厦门的零售价约十一万一千元。	She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55,000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111,000 in Xia'men.
她日前以购入价加两成，把代购的钻石全部售出，一次过大赚二十万元。	Recently, she sold the diamond with 120% more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
据内地海关规定，钻石非旅客于行程中的用品或必需品，故属于货品范畴，出入境时需申报，否则或列作走私，情况严重可被判入狱。	According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
据外媒报道，当地时间10日，英国首相府唐宁街宣布：英国首相特蕾莎·梅将到瑞士度过暑假，但没有透露具体的休假地点。	According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
有媒体称，在英国公投脱欧后，英国新首相选择到欧洲大陆上的“中立国”瑞士度假，带有某种政策象征性。	According to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the "neutral country", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
英国《卫报》评论称，瑞士这个中立国所代表的象征性在英国首相第一次度假地的选择上发挥了作用。	The British "Guardian" commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国《每日电讯报》评论指出，特蕾莎·梅选择到瑞士度假，这是撒切尔夫人后，首次再有英国首相到瑞士度假。	British "Daily Telegraph" commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
两位女首相的选择和布莱尔和卡梅伦两位男首相喜欢到较热的地方度假形成了反差。	The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.
据悉，英国新首相特蕾莎·梅将在8月24日返回伦敦，之后等待她的是一系列重要工作和活动。	It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
英国议会将于9月5日复会，辩论的议题中包括网上要求的举办第二次脱欧公投事宜。	The British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
6月23日英国公投决定脱欧，但英国新首相不愿在年底前启动里斯本条约有关成员国脱欧的第50款内容。	On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
黄山市现存非物质文化遗产项目1325个，种类和数量均居全省第一。	There are 1,325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
由于徽文化非遗传承主要依赖口传面授，许多非遗濒临失传，运用数字化技术保存和保护势在必行。	As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
根据省人大常委会今年工作要点安排，常委会计划听取审议专项工作报告，并开展实施银行业监督管理法、服务地方经济发展情况专题询问。	According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
8月中旬，常委会将组织两个调研组赴部分市开展调研，为专题询问作准备。	In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
花建慧指出，省人大常委会听取和审议垂直管理部门专项工作报告并开展专题询问，在我省尚属首次，是加强和拓展人大监督工作的积极探索。	Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
在新疆喀什的演习导演部，随着总导演的一声令下，武警驻喀什、和田、阿克苏三地的各部队迅速按照导调指令，实施机动集结，开赴演习作战地。	In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
中国的火星计划来了	China's Mars program is coming
我国火星探测任务要一次实现环绕、着陆、巡视，这种形式在国外从没有过。	China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
我国的火星探测发射目标是想一步环绕、着陆、巡视，这个任务具有相当大的难度。	China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
因为火星探测要26个月才能遇到一个时间窗口，所以专家们正在严密地制定工程计划，争取在2020年这个窗口发射我国第一个火星探测器。	Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
据许达哲介绍，尽管我国的飞行器已经进入了深空，但是完成火星探测任务仍不可或缺，探测火星意味着中国从真正意义上迈入深空探测时代。	According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
“每隔两年或三年，才有一次火星距离地球最近的机会，在这个时间点上发射火星探测器，对运载火箭来说是最省能量的。”	"Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle."
“考虑到火星探测器的质量，将由我国长征五号运载火箭来完成发射任务。”	"Taking into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission."
我国的火星探测任务要一次实现环绕、着陆、巡视，这种形式在国外是从没有过的，国外曾拟一次实现环绕和着陆，但着陆失败了。	China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
火星探测涉及的技术领域非常多，特别之处还在于，虽然火星车是一个空间探测器，但与一般空间探测器相比，它又具有鲜明的特点。	Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
也就是说，火星探测器要具备确定行驶路线、发现障碍危险的能力。	In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
中国航天科技集团五院研究员庞之浩说，人类之所以对火星探测如此青睐，是因为探测火星具有重要的科学、技术等多方面意义，甚至关系到人类的未来。	According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
目前火星已成为除地球以外人类研究程度最高的行星，人类利用空间探测器进行火星探测的历史几乎贯穿整个人类航天史。	Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
因此，人类希望有朝一日在火星建立居住基地，最终向火星移民，把它变成人类的第二家园。	Therefore, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
大量迹象还表明，火星以前很可能与目前的地球一样，只是经过几十亿年的演化才变成大气层稀薄、温度较低、水源枯竭等样子。	A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
因此，探测或载人登陆火星进行研究，可以为防止地球变成人类难以生存的第二个火星提出预案。	Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
截至2016年6月，全球共进行了114次月球探测，43次火星探测。	As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
不过，从20世纪90年代至今，人类共进行了18次火星探测，而月球探测只进行了14次。	However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
目前有5个火星轨道器和2辆火星漫游车在工作，但只有1个月球轨道器和1个月球着陆器在工作。	There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
世界航天大国都制定了以火星系统为目标的探测计划，由此可见，当今的火星探测比月球探测还热。	World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
2013年11月5日，印度发射了第一个火星探测器“曼加里安”，成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。	On Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe "Mangalian", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
“曼加里安”用于研究火星表面、大气和矿物特征，探寻火星上是否有甲烷和生命迹象。	"Mangalian" is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
这次任务最难的地方，就是探测器进入火星大气后气动外形和降落伞减速只有一次机会	The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
据中国航天科技集团公司五院总体部的火星探测器总设计师孙泽洲介绍，火星探测任务面临着许多技术挑战。	According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
火星大气气压很低，只有地球表面大气压力的1%，具有很高的不确定性。	The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1% of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
有关它的变化和风暴时特性等因素，科学家们还没有透彻的认识。	Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as its changes and storm characteristics.
火星在夏季常形成类似地球沙尘天气的尘暴，这会导致火星车接收的太阳光能量急剧下降，必须为火星车设计“休眠”模式，让其耐心地等待尘暴过去。	A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a "sleep" mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
同时，火星大气对太阳光照还有削减作用，这为火星探测的能源供给带来难题。	At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼面积更大，而且需不断调整，努力对准太阳方向。	This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
还有，火星表面重力只有地球的38%，但是比月球表面的重力大多了，因此探测器需要更大的功率。	In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38% of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
“这次火星探测任务最核心、最难的地方，就是探测器进入火星大气后气动外形和降落伞减速的过程，只有一次机会，必须确保成功。”	"The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success."
孙泽洲说，由于地球与火星距离遥远，整个过程无法由地面实时控制，所以必须依靠探测器自主完成。	According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
由于没有那么多的推进剂来抵消那么高的速度，所以登陆火星时，减速要依靠火星大气的作用，然而火星大气难以在地面模拟。	Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
庞之浩说，总体来讲，探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似，也是“绕、落、巡、回”，最终实现载人登陆火星的目标。	Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also "surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning" to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
由于火星距离地球比月球距离地球要远得多，所以探测火星需要攻克一系列更复杂的技术难关。	Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
据台湾媒体报道，台“行政院长”林全昨天上午宣布，“政党及其附随组织不当取得财产处理条例”自今天起生效。	According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, "Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations" will take effective since today.
国民党副主席詹启贤则表示，“一个一百多年历史的国民党，有社会的承诺跟责任，不会这样就倒闭”。	KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, "Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility."
林全强调，如果政党、附随组织或受托管理人等违反条例所定禁止处分的规定，委员会将依职权调查并“依法”处分、裁罚。	Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish "according to the law".
林全也宣布不当党产委员会的副主委人选，将由台“廉政署副署长”洪培根担任。	Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, "Deputy Director of the Independent", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
他说，由顾立雄担任不当党产委员会主委是不二人选，借用洪培根过去查察相关重大案件的经验，将作为委员会清查相关不当党产案件的基础。	He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
詹启贤认为，今天只要还有党产，没有人会给你社会捐款，若党产统统被充公收走，国民党刚好可请求社会支持与赞助，“今天真的没有了才有机会去要”。	Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, "You will have chance to go when there are no assets."
詹启贤也强调，就算不当党产条例上路后，国民党党产没被完全充公、没收，剩下的仍会依承诺捐出去，让党产准归零，党要一切从零开始。	Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
原标题：“走廊医生”兰越峰诉央视主持人王志安名誉侵权一审败诉	Original title: Suit launched by "corridor doctor" Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
法制晚报讯因央视主持人王志安在新浪微博上发表针对“走廊医生”事件的言论，兰越峰将王志安及北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司诉至法院。	The legal evening news: Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the "corridor doctor" event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
昨天下午，海淀法院对该案进行了宣判，判决认定王志安及微梦公司不构成侵权，驳回了兰越峰的全部诉讼请求。	Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
2014年初，央视记者王志安调查发现，尽管在医院走廊里坐了600多天的兰越峰被媒体塑造为被体制打压的悲情英雄，但这些报道存在大量不实信息。	At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年3月29日，央视新闻调查制作的《走廊医生》节目播出。	On March 29, 2014, the "corridor doctor" program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
兰越峰向媒体举报的各种所谓过度医疗的信息，均没有证据支持。	All information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
王志安也在实名认证的微博中，描述“兰越峰之所以走到这一步是性格使然、其带有明显的偏执人格等”。	In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality".
兰越峰提出要求王志安删除微博、向其致歉并赔偿精神损害抚慰金10万元。	Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100,000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
在当时的庭审中，双方就王志安是否侵犯了兰越峰的名誉权进行了激辩。	At the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
12日看点：田径开赛中国队很忙女足冲四自行车盼突破	Highlight of the 12th day of the month: at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
自行车有望实现奥运金牌“零突破”，而女足姑娘将挑战两次世界冠军得主德国队，期待爆冷冲进四强。	The bicycle game is expected to realize the "zero breakthrough" in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
王镇近两个赛季状态突出，去年北京田径世锦赛收获银牌，今年5月团体竞走世锦赛上又升级个人项目冠军。	Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
据外媒报道，27岁的韩国射箭女选手张慧珍在女子射箭个人赛中获得金牌，继团体赛后再获奥运会金牌，成为双冠王。	According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
张慧珍被认为是一名大器晚成的选手，她曾遗憾未获上届伦敦奥运会的入场券，如今却骄傲地站在了里约奥运的最高领奖台上。	Zhang Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张惠珍在在巴西里约桑巴大道体育馆举行的女子射箭个人赛决赛中以总比分6-2击败德国的丽萨·翁鲁，获得了金牌。	Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
她在小学四年级时才第一次射箭，直到27岁的2014年才在世界杯赛上首次获得个人赛金牌，是一位成名较晚的选手。	She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
张惠珍回忆道，“上中学以前没有什么水平，以至于无法参加全国的比赛。	Zhang Huizhen recalled, "My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张惠珍在四年前的伦敦奥运会选手选拔赛上仅获第四名，憾失奥运入场券，只能坐视同事兼好友奇甫倍夺两枚金牌。	Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在女子射箭个人赛颁奖仪式结束后谈了自己的夺金感言，“直至最后都是尽可能地一发一发地射箭，可能是这带来了好结果，心满意足。	Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. "I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented."
28岁的韩国射箭“一姐”、伦敦奥运会射箭个人赛金牌获得者奇甫倍获得了铜牌。	The 28-year-old Korean archery "No.1", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
奇甫倍在半决赛中输给张惠珍，与墨西哥选手亚力杭德拉·瓦伦西亚展开铜牌争夺。	Qi Fubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
奇甫倍在确保铜牌后泪洒赛场，其间默默承受的冲金负担可想而知。	Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
首先是教练组在不断研究中积累了丰富经验，其次是科学的训练方式，这些都是需要长期积累的。	Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
射箭队以军训、夜间穿越墓地等方法帮助队员集中注意力并保持平常心。	The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
尽管还没有被证实，但诸多消息源都表示，苹果2016年秋季发布会将在9月举行，iPhone7真要来了。	Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
虽然苹果公司并未回应，但有关新iPhone的功能、配置已经陆续有消息放出，甚至网上连iPhone7“真机模型”图片都有了。	Although Apple did not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 "real machine model" on the internet.
新一代iPhone可谓“万众瞩目”，火热、紧俏、有钱无货……如果你想第一时间购买到正品，一定要选择一个好渠道，比如说，苏宁。	The new generation of iPhone is really "eye-catching", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
这加剧了人们对于新手机的失望，“它加长了，却根本不能投射全息图像!这一代iPhone糟透了。”	This has exacerbated people's disappointment of the new iPhone, "It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images! This generation of iPhone is so terrible."
iPhone7像其他iPhone一样，出生之前就伴随着无数秘闻。	iPhone7, just like other iPhones, brings countless secret before birth.
另外，还有多个消息源声称，新一代iPhone将取消3.5mm耳机接口，转而使用蓝牙连接和充电接口，这将为苹果增加第二个扬声器提供空间。	In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3.5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
能佐证这一消息的另一证据是，早在2014年苹果就允许耳机厂商生产通过充电接口连接的耳机产品。	Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
这些消息或真或假，答案直到苹果2016秋季发布会才能揭晓。	Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
但这并不妨碍业内人士看好iPhone7的前景——许多人认为，iPhone7将很有可能成为苹果对iPhone系列的最后一次大幅升级。	Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
虽然从不久前市场研究机构IDC公布的数据来看，iPhone的市场份额有所下滑。	But this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7 - many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
其中，高盛将苹果的股票维持“买入”评级，而BMO的分析师则认为iPhone7将收获一份历史性的销售成绩。	Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of "buying" while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
同时博通公司的CEO Hock Tan也表示，苹果未来的营收增加将有可能超过20%，而这完全得益于iPhone7的推出。	Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20%, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
有7%的受访者表示他们有购买iPhone7的打算，而两年前计划购买iPhone6的人数比例只有4%。	7% of respondents said they have the plan to buy iPhone7, while only 4% people had the plan to buy iPhone6.
据了解，目前持有iPhone6或6Plus的用户群体有20%计划购买iPhone7，这是一个相当高的比例。	It is understood that currently 20% of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
其次，有专家分析，大部分果粉都喜欢隔代更换自己的iPhone手机。	Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
据统计，在所有的iPhone用户中，有大约26%的用户已经2年没有更换手机了，也就是差不多有1.2亿的用户的iPhone已经用了2年。	According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26% of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
有媒体称，iPhone7生产期间，台湾遭遇数次地震，“台积电生产设施的受破坏程度超出想象，并有可能对初期的iPhone7供应产生影响。”	According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. "The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7."
供需矛盾会影响普通用户，是时候选择一个好渠道，第一时间低价入手正品iPhone7。	Supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
据知情人士透露，近期，苏宁高层与苹果公司频频见面，目的就是为了准备充足的货源。	According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
运营商已经与苏宁谈妥，可以预见的是，随着双方的深度合作，必然会为用户带来更低的价格和更贴心的服务。	Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
“最低的价格，消费者可能‘一天只需7元钱，就能购买iPhone7’。”	"With the lowest price, the consumer may "buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day".
充足的货源与多样的优惠，让购买iPhone7不再“压力山大”，而苏宁的物流，更是会把这种美好变成更直观的体验感。	Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
也许，你半夜就会接到电话，“您好，苏宁易购，您的iPhone7到了。”	Maybe you'll get a call at midnight. "Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here."
主办方希望通过文物展，让当地人民更多地了解历史悠久的中国文化，从而增进两国人民之间的相互理解和友谊。	The organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
巴塞罗那的“明代文物展”是欧洲巡展的一部分，将持续到10月初。	As part of the European tour, Barcelona's "Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition" will continue until early October.
华夏银行、浦发银行昨日发布2016年半年报，二季度中证金再度出手增持其股份。	Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited (CSFC) will once again buy their shares.
其中，中证金增持华夏银行2929.31万股，至6月末，中证金持有华夏银行股份数增至3.87亿股，占其股份比例也由3.35%增至3.62%。	Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29.2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3.35% to 3.62%.
另据招商证券测算，扣除转增，中证金二季度亦增持浦发银行3800万股，持有其股份数增至近6亿股，占浦发银行股份比例为2.77%。	According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2.77% of the bank shares.
近日，浙江省桐乡市正福村狮子浜的荷博园正式对村民和游客开放。	Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
该园由100多个圆形小池塘组成，种植了约300个品种的观赏荷花、睡莲等。	Composed of more than 100 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
乡村荷花产业兼具观赏性、休闲性和经济效益，成为当地新农村发展的亮点。	Rural lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
据外媒报道，因跳水池池水从蓝变绿，里约奥运“绿池”事件近日备受外界关注。	According to foreign media reports, the "green pool" incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
然而，10日早晨，与跳水池相邻的水球比赛池的水也变成了绿色。	However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
澳大利亚水球选手赛后表示他的眼睛感到刺痛，想流眼泪。	Australian water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
此前，里约奥运官方人员确认了池水变绿的情况，并表示池水变色是由于碱性变弱的原因，不会影响运动员身体健康。	Previously, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
但是澳大利亚运动员在与日本代表队在水球池进行比赛获得胜利之后表示，眼睛感到刺痛。	However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
最早在跳水池池水变绿后，比赛主办方在9日晚加班处理跳水池的问题，但在10日早晨发现水球池颜色也迅速发生变化。	When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
澳大利亚队与日本队比赛期间，水球池的环境条件逐步恶化，但官方强调他们会在11日将两个泳池的水质恢复到原来的颜色。	During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会发言人安德拉达(Mario Andrada)表示：“昨天午后，跳水池中的水碱性程度首先变弱。”	Mario Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, "The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon".
“我们了解了一系列可能会引发池水变色的原因以及水质的含碱度。”	"We learned about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality."
水上运动中心对水质进行了一系列检测，数百名潜水员及游泳者使用了泳池可以确定水质条件达到标准。”	The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
“这些天我们一直走正常程序，但我们可能忽略了运动员越多可能对水质的带来影响。”	"We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality."
“但水颜色发生变化肯定对身体健康，特别是对运动员是没有影响的。”	"But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes."
“这个独立的团队确认了我们的评估，也肯定了我们将泳池恢复正常颜色及正常的化学状态所采取的措施。”	"This independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool."
“我们本来希望早晨泳池就能恢复正常颜色，但是由于下雨所以恢复的速度受到了影响。”	"We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain."
据台湾“中央社”报道，大马尼拉地区偏郊1所监狱昨天夜间发生爆炸事件，造成典狱长受伤，10名囚犯死亡，据报包括2名华人。	According to Taiwan's "The Central News Agency", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
ABS-CBN电视台报道，事件于昨晚9时左右发生在帕拉纳圭市(Paranaque)监狱，但警方直到今天凌晨2时才提出初步说法。	According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
警方说，这10名囚犯求见典狱长，申诉移监事宜，但双方话不投机，有囚犯投掷手榴弹，酿成爆炸事件。	The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
狱方尚未公布死亡囚犯的姓名，但GMA电视台报道，其中包括2名华人。	The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
截至上午8时，狱方尚未提出详细的说明，包括囚犯如何取得手榴弹。	As of 8 a.m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
昨天，菲国中部警方进入雷伊泰省(Leyte)地区监狱，击毙1名“企图袭警”的受刑人。	Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who "attempted assaulting the police".
乌鲁木齐规范旅游散客市场经营秩序旅行社必须与游客签合同	Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
眼下新疆已进入旅游旺季，为规范旅游散客市场经营秩序，乌鲁木齐市旅游执法支队联合市运管局执法支队昨天对散客市场存在的旅游用车不规范，旅行社与游客签订合同率低等问题进行查处。	Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
昨天早上八点，在凯宾斯基酒店周围停了约10辆满载游客的大巴车，这些车辆大多都是前往天池一日游的散客团。	At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
“你好，我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的，你们跟这个旅行社签合同了嘛？”	"Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency?"
乌鲁木齐市运管局执法支队工作人员余斌介绍：“异地旅游车还有班线车在乌鲁木齐市场经营旅游客运项目，没有从业资格。”	Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, "The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification."
“超范围经营对这个处罚三到十万的罚款，驾驶员没有从业资格证是2000元的罚款。”	"A fine of 30,000 to 100,000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2,000 for fine."
据了解，此前乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门已对西公园、红山等旅游散客集中的地方进行了检查。	It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
综合两次的检查情况，乌鲁木齐市旅游执法支队副支队长马琪说：“第一是安全，第二是规范，旅游车辆无小事，一旦出问题都是群伤群死。”	After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, "Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions."
“我们和运管联合持续的对市场进行检查，规范旅行社用车行为保证游客安全。”	"The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists."
8月12日上午，国务院新闻办就2016年7月份国民经济运行情况举行新闻发布会。	On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
国家统计局新闻发言人、国民经济综合统计司司长盛来运表示，7月份，国民经济部分指标增速有所放缓，但仍运行在合理区间。	Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发布的数据显示，7月份固定资产投资增速、进口总额等数据有所回落。	According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
盛来运说，关于7月份的国民经济运行情况，我想借用总理曾经讲过的一句话“形有波动，势仍向好”，这能够比较好地概括7月份的经济运行的特征。	Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, "the shape is volatile and the potential is still good". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
他解释“形有波动”是指7月份部分经济指标增速确实是有所回落。	He explained that "the shape of the fluctuations" refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
因为7月份国内外经济仍处在深度调整之中，国际形势复杂多变，世界经济的复苏不及预期，所以出口压力还是比较大。	In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
从国内情况看，整个经济还处在调整的关键阶段，调整的阵痛在释放，经济面临不小的下行压力，所以有些指标有些波动。	As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
盛来运指出，7月份还有一个特殊情况，洪涝灾害比较严重，高温酷暑天气对一些地区的生产经营带来了一些影响。	Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
根据民政部最近发布的情况，全国6000多万人受灾，直接经济损失超过2000亿元。	According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
从工业、投资、交通运输相关指标看，这些地区不同程度受到影响。	From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
7月份的货物周转运量增速比上月回落3.6个百分点，洪涝灾害对这些地区的交通有一定的影响。	The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3.6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
从这些因素来看，7月份部分指标出现波动也是很正常，也是在预期之中。	From these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
他表示，“势仍向好”指的是尽管经济增速有所回落，但是经济运行总体平稳，稳中有进、稳中向好的大势没有变。	He said, "The potential is still good" means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
7月份CPI上涨1.8%，环比上涨0.2%;1-7月份CPI上涨2.1%，所以物价形势总体稳定。	In July, CPI rose by 1.8%, with a month-on-month rise of 0.2%. From January to July, CPI rose by 2.1%, so the overall price situation is stable.
根据重庆市气象局门户网对各区县高温天气的统计，除酉阳外，我市其余各地都能领取到不同程度的高温津贴。	According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
目前全国至少已有28个省份明确了津贴发放标准，不过各省市发放的标准并不一样，而重庆则是按高温工作日津贴的方式领取高温津贴。	At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
35℃以上37℃以下的，按每人每天不低于10元标准发放；37℃以上的，按每人每天不低于15元标准发放。	In case of temperature between 35 and 37 ℃, people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37℃, people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
40℃以上高温工作人员每月最多可领20元/天的津贴（劳动者已经依法享受高温作业岗位津贴的除外）。	In case of temperature above 40℃, staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance (but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance).
按照这一标准，上个月高温天气天数最多的开州能领到330元，天数最少的城口则是80元，而酉阳最高温由于没达到高温标准外，所以没有高温津贴。	In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
以往不少单位会以清凉饮品冲抵高温津贴，市安监局表示这种行径不合乎现行办法。	In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
因高温天气停止工作、缩短工作时间的，用人单位不得扣除或降低劳动者工资。	Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
市人社局表示，员工遇到高温下作业却没收到高温津贴的，可通过企业所在的劳动争议调解机构争取合法权益，或拨打12333投诉。	The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
有用人单位拒不发放高温津贴的，劳动者可向用工所在地县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门投诉。	If the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
同时由于高温津贴是工资的一部分，不是福利，要纳入工资总额、扣减个税。	At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
因此高温津贴不在最低工资范围内，必须以现金形式发放，不能用饮料等实物代替。	So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
新建成的乌鲁木齐站位于乌鲁木齐市高铁片区，整个建筑面积约有10万平方米。	The newly built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100,000 square meters.
地上1、2层为进站、候车厅及办公、商业用房，地下1层是出站层。	The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer -1 is for exit.
目前，乌鲁木齐站是新疆最大的综合交通枢纽，集高铁、轨道交通、公交、出租等为一体，可实现各种换乘方式无缝对接。	At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
站台层南北两侧和出站层北侧共有3个售票厅，配置了39个人工售票窗口和34台自动售取票机。	There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
检票方面，在候车大厅东西两侧共有30个通道，旅客可根据车票上的检票口编号，进行快速查验、候车。	There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
如果需要帮助，可就近按动站内设置的41个呼唤按钮进行选择，就可以获得及时服务。	If you need help, you can choose the 41 call buttons and get timely services.
从7月1号起，老客站，也就是乌鲁木齐南站的旅客列车就分步开行到了乌鲁木齐站。	From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
也就是说，所有动车和30对出疆列车都可以在乌鲁木齐站停车。	In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
现在两个站均可以买票乘车，他们之间的列车通行时间在10分钟左右，旅客需要注意票面始发和终点站的具体站名。	Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
乌鲁木齐新客站的正式投入运营将成为新疆打造全国性综合交通城市的重要平台，推进“丝绸之路经济带”和新区建设。	Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of "Silk Road Economic Zone" and the new district.
格雷西亚是一只萌萌的雌性巨嘴鸟，浑身散发着热带雨林的气息。	Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
在中美洲国家哥斯达黎加，巨嘴鸟格雷西亚和它的故事早已家喻户晓。	In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
8月10日的新闻发布会上，术后康复的格雷西亚终于亮相，向人们展示它崭新的3D打印塑料鸟喙。	At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
这只一年半前被人折断上喙、奄奄一息的巨嘴鸟，如今终于重获新生。	This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这一天不仅宣告着它已100%恢复健康，更是它搬进豪华鸟舍、与关心它的人类朋友们见面的日子。	This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100%, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
初进新家的格雷西亚稍显腼腆，但不多时就变得活泼起来，在水盆里打滚嬉闹，用新喙吃葡萄。	The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害，技术人员没有给它的新喙上色，而是保留了3D打印材料原有的白色。	In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
鸟喙外是一层薄薄的角质鞘，里面中空，只有一些细细的骨质支撑杆交错排列。	The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
虽然有这种内部加固成份，巨嘴鸟的喙还是脆弱，受到伤害时会破碎。	Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
动物救助中心、鸟类学家和一家美国3D打印公司通力合作，为格雷西亚制作了好几个“试验喙”，终于造出最适合它的“完美喙”。	Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several "test beak" for Gracia and finally built a "perfect beak" for it.
如今格雷西亚已能熟练使用新喙喝水、吃东西，甚至啄起细小谷粒。	Now Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
“最终成品的设计花了大约2个月，打印出来只需4、5个小时。”	"The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it."
“3D打印并不是未来技术，它已经实实在在走进了你我的生活。”美国SG3D打印公司董事长托马斯·朗格在接受新华国际记者采访时说。	"3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life." Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
2015年1月，在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉省格雷西亚的一个农场，浑身是血的巨嘴鸟格雷西亚被人发现。	In January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
当时它的上喙被一伙年轻人残忍折断，它完全无法进食，生命垂危。	At that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
格雷西亚的惨状经媒体报道后，在哥斯达黎加内外引起如潮的反对虐待动物呼声。	After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
人们要求设立更为严格的动物保护法、加大对虐待者的惩罚力度。	People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们自发前来，尽最大努力帮助格雷西亚尽可能恢复受伤前的生活。	People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
甚至3D打印技术发明人查克·赫尔也参与到格雷西亚上喙的设计中来。	Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
“格雷西亚的情况很特殊，它的上喙剩余部分不足1厘米，所以给安装新喙带来许多困难。”	"The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak."
“我们先对格雷西亚扫描，然后设计、制作出一个稍长于它上喙剩余部分的延长假体，用粘胶固定在它的上喙上。”	"We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue."
“这样可以减少对格雷西亚造成进一步侵入性伤害。”朗格对新华国际记者说。	"This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia," Lange told Xinhua International.
在安装假体之前，工作人员每天都要为格雷西亚清理断喙，以防感染。	Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
远在千里之外，巨嘴鸟格雷西亚的故事感动了著名纪录片导演葆拉·埃雷迪亚和探索新闻频道制片人约翰·霍夫曼。	Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
他们记录下格雷西亚安装新喙过程中的点点滴滴，录制了一部纪录片《巨嘴鸟之国》，已于本月在动物星球频道上播放。	They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary "The Country of Toucan", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
纪录片《巨嘴鸟之国》向人们展示，一只小小的巨嘴鸟是如何让一个国家为之改变、如何让国民都参与到反对虐待动物当中来。	The documentary "The State of the Toucan" shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
核心提示：日本油企尤其对被称为“茶壶”的中国小型独立炼油厂崛起表示警惕。	Core Tip: Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the "teapot" of China's small independent refinery.
参考消息网8月12日报道日媒称，日本最大的石油企业JX能源认为，“中国的出口扩大是行情低迷的原因之一。	August 12 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website: Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that "China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn."
日本油企尤其对被称为“茶壶”的中国小型独立炼油厂崛起表示警惕。	Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the "teapot" of China's small independent refinery.
中国的石油产品品质因中国政府强化环保规定正在逐渐接近日本的油品。	China's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
在获得原油进口许可之前，“茶壶炼油厂”一般从俄罗斯等地进口硫磺含量较高的重油进行提炼。	Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, "teapot refinery" generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
生产出来的石油产品硫磺含量较高，油品不佳，成为造成环境污染的原因之一。	The petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
在获得原油进口许可后，“茶壶炼油厂”能够进口硫磺含量较低的阿曼产原油和俄罗斯产原油，其石油产品的品质也出现提升。	After obtaining crude oil import license, "teapot refinery" can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
东燃通用石油公司表示，“随着中国国内的石油产品品质标准不断提高，炼油设备的能力也出现提升。	East Fuel General Oil Company said, "With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
结果，中国对外出口的石油产品品质逐渐达到与（世界最高品质的）日本相同的水平”。	As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan (the world's highest quality).
JX能源表示，“2015年底之后，中国开始向澳大利亚出口高品质的轻油”，在亚洲市场上与日本产品形成竞争。	According to JX Energy, "After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia." Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
尽管“日本高品油”正在面临危机，但日本油企采取的应对策略仅为“关注市场行情的同时向有利润可图的地区出口”。	Although the "Japanese high quality oil" falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of "exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market".
由于中国出口的石油产品对亚洲市场行情的影响巨大，对茶壶炼油厂的关注度也越来越高。	As China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
2016年扬子晚报利群阳光助学行动自5月26日启动，经过两个月的报名，申请助学金的贫困学子总人数达800多人。	2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
助学过程中，已收到社会捐款超过120万元(已分五批公示)，至少可以帮助240位寒门学子圆梦大学。	During the educational process, more than 1.2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained (the detailed donations are publicized in five batches). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
目前，捐款仍在继续，本报吁请社会继续伸出援手，让更多家庭困难的孩子能够得到资助，得到社会的关怀。	At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
为确保助学行动公正、公开、透明，本报今日起分批公示学子基本信息，今天公示第1—100名，接受读者监督。	In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
利群阳光助学行动，是中国著名慈善品牌，扬子晚报利群阳光助学行动2003年起在江苏开展，资助贫困学子累计超过4000名。	"Liqun sunshine student action" is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4,000 students have been supported.
该活动资助范围是高考本科录取新生,不含免学费专业；品学兼优，家庭贫困。	The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
统计局表示，新西兰人口增幅此前仅在１９７４年和上世纪５０年代到６０年代早期的“婴儿潮”人口出生高峰时期超过２％。	According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2% in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ("baby boom").
截至今年６月，新西兰１２个月内移民净流入数量为６.９１万人，成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。	As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69,100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
另外，在相同时间段，新西兰人口自然增长数量为２.８２万人。	In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28,200.
数据显示，最近１０年里，新西兰年均移民净流入数量为２.１８万人，年均人口自然增长数量为３.２３万人。	Data shows that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21,800, with natural population growth of 32,300 people.
从人口结构上看，大量移民涌入意味着１５岁至３９岁的“劳动年龄人口”比例逐步扩大。	From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of "working age population" aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
截至２０１６年６月的１２个月时间里，新西兰劳动年龄人口增长３.６％，达到１５８万人。	As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3.6 percent to 1.58 million.
同时，６５岁以上的老龄人口增幅同样为３.６％，达到７０万人。	At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3.6%, reaching 700,000.
昨日上午10时许，X9003次国际货运班列从西安新筑车站开出，前往哈萨克斯坦的阿拉木图。	At 10 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
该趟列车的开行，标志着西安铁路局自2013年开行中亚国际货运班列以来，开行车数成功突破10000车。	The successful launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10,000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
据了解，此班货运班列运输的货物品类涵盖工业原材料、机械设备、工业零配件、建材、食品、轻工产品六大类、共计206个品种。	It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
截至今年8月11日，新筑车站共开行中亚班列221列、10009车，累计发运出口货物33.8万吨，其中2016年开行84列，同比增长47%。	As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10,009 vehicles. A total of 338,000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47%.
据了解，中亚班列首趟运载的货物均为“陕西制造”，而如今，它已吸引大量的外地货源积极上列。	It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are "Made in Shaanxi". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
截至7月底，中亚班列集装箱到发量突破6.4万标箱，较2015年同期增长8%。	As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64,000 TEU, an increase of 8% over the same period in 2015.
随着中亚班列的加密开行，西安铁路局新筑车站货运量逐年提升。	With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
2015年，新筑车站全年货运吞吐量247.7万吨，截至2016年8月10日，货运发送量已经达到153.1万吨，较去年同期增长6.7%。	In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2.477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1.531 million tons, representing an increase of 6.7% over the same period last year.
为了满足未来发展需要，西安铁路局以新筑车站为中心的西安新筑铁路综合物流中心建设规划已经出台，全力打造现代化的新筑铁路综合物流园区。	In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
印度一名大叔上周刚在迪拜国际机场经历飞机机腹着陆惊魂，本周就在同一座机场中了100万美元大奖。	A mid-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US$1 million award in the same airport last week.
久居阿联酋迪拜的印度人穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔每次回国都有买彩票的习惯。	Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
他21岁的儿子在出生13天时因意外坠落导致瘫痪，他一直辛苦工作偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。	His 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
“从空难中逃脱是神给了我二次生命，而又给了我这笔钱让我行善，”赫达尔说。	"After escaping from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good", said Hedar.
虽说现在已经立秋，可是“秋老虎”的威力似乎一点不比夏天差。	Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of "afterheat" seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
紫外线不仅让同学们的皮肤变黑，更加会晒伤肌肤，如何让肌肤能顺利度过军训，不被晒伤？	UV not only tans your skin but also sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn?
防晒霜包装上一般都标有SPF和PA，SPF是指防晒指数，是针对UVB紫外线的，我们常见的SPF指数有15、30、50等。	Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
标有PA的产品是针对UVA的，这样防晒品会发挥更加有效的作用，通常情况下，PA的强度用+来表示，多一个+表示有效防护时间延长。	The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
油性肌肤应选择渗透力较强的水性防晒用品，防晒喷雾也是不错的选择。	Water-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
干性肌肤应选择霜状的防晒用品;中性皮肤一般无严格规定，敏感性肌肤擦上任何保养品都是一种负担，建议选纯物理性防晒产品。	Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
切记提前半小时涂防晒霜，因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全渗入到皮肤。	Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
军训日晒时间较长，防晒霜每隔两小时擦一次才能有持久效果，千万不要偷懒。	Because you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于皮肤刚受到日晒刺激的缘故，军训回来不要立刻用美白产品。	As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
军训暴晒后，如有条件可用毛巾包着冰块来冰镇被灼伤的皮肤以减缓局部燥热。	After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
在展会期间购买农机的农户，继续实行累加补贴政策，农户购买农机最高可得到40%的补贴。	The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40%.
本届展会面向全球招商招展，特别是加大了对“一带一路”沿线国家和目标市场国家的邀请力度。	This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
本届展会力争完成招商签约项目60个、引进资金220亿元，签订贸易合同160个以上，合同金额32亿元。	This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3.2 billion Yuan.
据悉，“湘博会”之所以连续7年落户娄底，缘于湖南省娄底市制造产业基础雄厚，产业发展历史久远。	It is reported that the reason for "Hunan Fair" to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
作为“湘博会”的主办地，娄底已与全世界90多个国家建立了贸易往来关系。	As the host place of "Hunan Exposition", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
“湘博会”成为当地培育特色产业发展、推动特色产业走出国门的重要平台。	"Hunan Exposition" has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the "going-out" of characteristic industries.
在有些夜晚，电离层充满自由电子，这意味着，无线电信号可以走得更远。	During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
据美国《大众科学》月刊网站8月11日报道，美国空军对复制这一效应感兴趣。	According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
虽然拥有稳定的大量自由电子的电离层可以帮助人们在某个大学广播电台的播送范围边缘收听这个电台，但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。	Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
充满电子的电离层意味着，军方使用的无线电有着更大的播送范围，并且它或许会为全球定位系统（GPS）信号提供一些保护，使之免受太阳风暴的影响。	Ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system (GPS) signal from the solar storm.
最终目标可能是根据需求打造一系列立方体卫星，它们可以在需要的时候加强电离层。	The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
但首先，这些同空军签订合同的团队必须证明有关科学原理会奏效。	But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
行业数据显示，2015年煤炭产能总规模接近60亿吨，全国煤炭产能过剩18亿吨。	Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1.8 billion tons.
近十年来，国务院前后共发布过5次淘汰过剩与落后产能的通知。	Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
虽然前4次没有针对煤炭行业，但目标行业直接与煤炭业产生关系。	Although the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
去年11月到今年1月，秦皇岛5500大卡动力煤价格长期在370元/吨低位徘徊，90%的煤炭企业陷入亏损。	From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan/ton and 90% of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
而2月份以来，煤价逐步回升，近期秦皇岛动力煤价格更是连续上涨四周，上升到16个月来的高点，一度攀升到每吨436元，比年初上涨近70元。	And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
随着价格回升，各界担心随之产生：一批小煤矿会不会复工复产？	With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries: will a number of small coal mines resume production?
对此，中国（海南）改革发展研究院经济所所长匡贤明进行了分析与解读。	In this regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China (Hainan) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
匡贤明：去产能引起了各方的高度关注，今天公布的煤炭行业去产能的成绩单也确实让大家感到比较担心。	Kuang Xianming: overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
这三个表层的因素还是反映出了过去我们的增长方式转变相对滞后的原因，就是由政府主导的增长方式至今还没有得到根本性的转变。	These three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
第二，这也与地方政府的推进力度直接相关，在去产能的过程中，资金和相应的配套措施都要到位，从这个方面看来，不同地区的差异确实比较大。	Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
第三，如果目前进度比较慢的一些省份要在下半年赶进度，它们可能会面临较大的风险。	Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
在这种情况下，依靠中央奖补资金来推进去产能的进程可能会产生一定负面的影响。	In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
首先，去产能不是简单的进行总量控制。	First, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
我们的目的是要通过淘汰落后的产能，推进结构的优化，重构整个煤炭行业的新业态。	Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
在部署去产能的过程中，地方政府一定要把去产能和煤炭产业的转型升级结合起来，大力发展相关的服务业。	During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
第二，要想在今年年内完成今年的去产能任务，我们还是要充分发挥行政监督和行政监察的力量。	Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
最后，我们要加强社会保障的兜底作用。	Finally, we should strengthen the role of social security.
因为市场直接涉及到就业的问题，所以我们要加强对员工和职工的就业技能培训。	Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
“排名下降的原因是外资对于中期内巴西GDP发展的预期恶化。”	"The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term."
2015年，巴西在全球直接投资中的参与度为3.7%，低于2014年的5.7%。	In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3.7%, down from 5.7% in 2014.
瑞信银行国际投资吸引力指数包括4个分项指数：基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资量。	The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices: infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
2015年，巴西的国际直接投资为646亿美元，低于2014年的731亿美元。	In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $64.6 billion, down from $73.1 billion in 2014.
去年，在巴西的“绿地投资”(到国外投资设厂的投资模式)为179亿美元，同比减少了2.1%。	Last year, Brazil's "green investment" (in the investment model of building factories abroad) was $17.9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2.1%.
“在巴西共有288个‘绿地投资’项目，而2003年至2014年的年平均量为314个”。	"There are 288 'green land investment' projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014".
不过，2016年上半年，在巴西的国际直接投资已达到338亿美元，和去年同期相比几乎增加了10%。	However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $33.8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
原标题：加拿大警方击毙IS支持者：自制炸弹袭击闹市准备工作近尾声	Title: Canadian police killed IS supporters: homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
出租车公司表示，这辆出租车在警方到达前被调度到德赖弗家中。	The taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived.
加拿大警方在周三的新闻发布会中表示，警方收到的信息包括美国联邦调查局提供的有关这名青年将要实施袭击的"殉道视频"。	Canadian police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the "martyrdom video" sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
据德国之声报道，视屏中，一名头戴黑色巴拉克拉法帽的男子正在朗读《古兰经》，提到针对穆斯林的罪行，并发誓将很快对加拿大的一座城市发动袭击。	According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the "Koran", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
他在视频中表示，袭击将在72小时内发生，而且是在高峰时间。	He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
此次事件是加拿大总理贾斯廷·特鲁多（Justin Trudeau）去年上台后，警方首次在事发前击毙恐怖嫌疑人。	The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
升级改造后的京杭大运河支线航道老万福河、北大溜航道9月1日起收取通行费。	Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
这两条支流航道采取社会融资方式进行改造建设,收费已获省政府相关部门批准。	The two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
老万福河航道流经金乡、鱼台,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,全长32.5公里。	The old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32.5 km.
根据通航需要,老万福河航道采取养护改造的方式,对局部水深进行了浚深,局部急弯进行裁弯取直等,通航条件得以改善。	According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
该航道流经金乡县、任城区,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,全长19公里。	The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
两条航道的改造工程于2011年2月开工建设,2015年1月完成交工验收,投资建设和运营主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。	The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
按照“贷款建设、收费还贷”的原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心依据山东省物价局批复的收费标准征收航道通行费。	In accordance with the "loan construction and charging for repaying loan" principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
其中,基础通行费按1.75元/载重吨计收,里程通行费按0.05元/公里载重吨计收。	Among them, the basic toll is 1.75 yuan/dwt and mileage toll is 0.05 yuan/km dwt.
通行费征收时间自2016年6月15日起至2019年6月14日止。	The toll collection date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
记者从济宁市港航局了解到,目前济宁境内共有4条收费航道,分别为洙水河航道、白马河航道、北大溜航道、老万福河航道。	Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
4条航道为京杭大运河的支流航道,均采取社会融资的方式进行升级改造。	These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
洙水河航道升级改造工程是第一个采用“政府+市场”的模式,用于山东省内河港航基础设施建设的项目,政府占主体投资,社会资金补充资金缺口。	Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of "government + market" for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
白马河、老万福河、北大溜河等支线航道采取的是纯市场化运作的方式。	Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
国家财政拨付的资金不能满足工程建设的需要,制约着航道升级的进度。	The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
社会资金用于公共基础设施的建设符合国家政策的要求,也成为破解资金瓶颈的途径。	Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
宁泽涛在100米自由泳半决赛中的表现，已经让很多中国观众无语。	Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
可就在50米自由泳预赛中，宁泽涛再一次刷新了人们的“底线”。	Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
其实50米自由泳并非宁泽涛主项，他在喀山世锦赛上的表现和最好成绩，也决定了他在这个项目取得突破的可能性不大。	Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
果然，香港权威媒体《大公报》透露，宁泽涛失利的最大原因，就在于他已经失去了对游泳的兴趣。	Many factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
场外的许多因素，可能对他对未来的想法产生了很大影响，他现在对进军娱乐圈可能更感兴趣。	After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
喀山世锦赛后，宁泽涛凭借其超高颜值和好成绩，瞬间成为网红。	As a result, "national husband (a good match)", "fresh little meat", "gorgeous", etc. have become his label.
于是，“国民老公”、“小鲜肉”、“花样美男”等称呼也不断成为他身上的标签。	A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
各种商业活动找上门来，美好的钱途，成为一条金光闪烁的大道。	In this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下，宁泽涛即使选择在此时退役加入娱乐圈，不仅是他的自由，也是一条看似可行的道路。	After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟他只有23岁，经过一定的学习，完全可以凭借其人气出演一两部电视剧。	But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽涛需要看看，自己和这些前辈相比，是不是具备了足够的资格呢？	At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
2000年悉尼奥运会，已经21岁的刘璇已经来到了运动员生涯的末期。	The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘璇靓丽的外表让她迅速被人们记住，也奠定了她今后进军娱乐圈的基础。	After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
退役后，刘璇出演了多部电视剧，并在2013年成立了自己的工作室。	Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两次奥运会的单双人十米台比赛，并获得了2金2银。	But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但在2004年奥运会单人十米台比赛中输给队友胡佳后，田亮的竞技状态出现下滑，并被爆出被跳水队开除。	But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show "Dad, Where Are We Going?", he became a focus.
而他和女儿参加“爸爸去哪”等综艺节目，更是让他赚足了眼球。	The once gold generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的体操黄金一代杨威、李小鹏以及陈一冰都高调参加各种综艺节目。	It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是，杨威李小鹏当时带领中国获得了2008年奥运会男团冠军，杨威更是两次拿到个人全能金牌，被称为全能王。	And Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
而陈一冰则在率领中国拿到2012年奥运团体冠军的同时，也成为了吊环王。	But after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
而在伦敦奥运会上遭遇误判痛失金牌的后，陈一冰大度的举动，也让他圈粉无数。	However, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
但这些运动员目前的主要精力依旧在赛场，对于综艺节目也只是如蜻蜓点水般——碰下就走。	However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
但无论是退役还是现役运动员，能够得到娱乐圈的青睐都需要有拿得出手的成绩做保障。	After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟运动员踏入一个新的领域，无论是能力还是人脉，均是一个空白状态。	Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是田亮、刘璇这样混迹娱乐圈多年的“老人”，普通观众提起他们，更多的还是想到他们在奥运会上的表现。	And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
而杨威、李小鹏等新人，在综艺节目出场时的介绍，无一例外都是“奥运冠军”。	Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
相比于以上几个人，宁泽涛一个游泳世锦赛冠军的名头还是略显单薄。	Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
更何况，相比于田亮、刘璇、杨威等人的功成身退，宁泽涛若在23岁、运动生涯稍遇挫折就急流勇退，对其形象造成的负面影响大概也是不可估量。	Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
毕竟，提起运动员，人们的要求都是“不求百战百胜，但求不畏艰险”，宁泽涛距离这一点还差了不少。	After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are "not seeking victory but for no fear of danger". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
退一万步说，宁泽涛长得帅，完全可以依靠颜值获得万千脑残粉的支持。	At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
没点功力，只靠外表，想在娱乐圈混好，这难度不比好好训练找回应有的状态难吧。	It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
人生之路选择全凭个人意愿，但到底如何选择，宁泽涛心里应该有数。	You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
从表面上看，网络社交平台扩大了交际圈，降低了人们的孤独感。	On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
网络社交的势力范围越发广泛，不仅逐渐取代传统的电话联络，甚至渗入到线下真实的生活圈，悄然改变当下民众的社交生活。	The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
线上社交的好处是显而易见的，比如方便快捷，所以特别容易受到年轻族群的青睐。	The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
一项针对大学生社交习惯的调查显示，57%的大学生每天使用手机的时间超过5小时，日常生活基本“机不离手”。	A survey of college students' social habits shows that 57% of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
“社交网络具有低成本、传输速度快、多人同时交流等特点，符合当代大学生的需求。”	"Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students."
扩大人际关系圈，更平等地对话，避免社交顾虑，才是我们越发深爱线上聊的主要原因。	Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
刚进公司的新人热爱跟同事线上交流，“因为才进单位大家不太熟，通过社交平台的点赞评论，关系才比以前近了许多”。	New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. "We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
爱交友的也常用线上交流，“之前跟朋友因为一些误会有段时间没联络了，后来在一个大群里先对话几句才又热络起来。”	People who love to make friends also love online communication. "I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting."
IT工程师吴言是深度网络社交爱好者，他大部分的社交生活都发生于线上，网络联系人更数倍于线下朋友圈人数。	IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
吴言自己也坦言在网络上更“如鱼得水”。	Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is more "in his element".
“可以在自己方便愿意的时候回复朋友，因为有很多斟酌字句的时间，表述也能更清楚。”	"You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
“隐藏在ID之下的你来我往避免了面对面的人际碰撞，不仅有了回旋的余地，甚至给了彼此更多思忖言行的时间和空间。”	"The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds."
“不同身份的人有了同样发言的权利和效率，现实生活中的种种社交顾虑，在网络空间似乎都一下消除。”	"People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet."
然而吴言的朋友小鹏却觉得，生活中的吴言是个“蛮无趣的宅男”。	However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a "very boring otaku."
小鹏和吴言在一个大群里相识，因为两人都是积极发言者，很快就熟络起来了。	Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏觉得吴言跟网络上判若两人，言语枯燥，也不主动发表意见，翻来覆去就是几句“呵呵，好的，是吗”，要不就是“这个我要上网查一下”。	Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, "Oh, yes, right", or "I will check it online".
陵水警方现已介入调查，陵水交通部门也将加大力度整治非法营运车辆。	Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
“8月4日的冲突警方还没有调查结果，8月11日零时许，另外两名司机的出租车在住处又被打砸了。”	"The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“现在的三轮车多在夜间非法营运，希望主管部门也能加大力度进行整治。”	"Now the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation."
南海网记者从陵水黎族自治县公安局了解到，警方目前已经受理这两起案件的报案，两起案件的起因、何人所为、是否有关联等都在进一步调查中。	Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
陵水交通运输局交通管理站站长王文义说，陵水交通部门在今年初开始整治非法营运载客三轮车，共取缔613辆非法营运载客三轮车。	Wang Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
下一步，交通部门将向县政府申请，联合多部门加大力度对全县的三轮车、摩托车、黑车等非法营运车辆进行整治。	The next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
8月11日上午8点，齐鲁晚报记者跟随“健康中国行”义诊服务小组来到东港区西湖镇河沟村。	At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the "Health Chinese" clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
该村地处偏僻，距市区约24公里，村里居民200多户，因经济、交通和身体等方面的局限性，给很多中老年患者出门看病带来不便。	The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
此次义诊的项目比较全面，内科、外科、呼吸科、精神科、皮肤科、儿科。	The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
很多村民听说义诊的专家要来，早早就已经在村里的小广场等待。	Many villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
67岁的薛大娘患有先天性脊柱侧弯，而最近几年的时间她又深受“哮喘”的困扰，以致连走着上个坡都会气喘吁吁，喘不上气。	The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by "asthma", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
医生告诉薛大娘，慢性支气管炎想要根本治愈的可能性不大，平常坚持用药可有所缓解。	Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
在皮肤科医生问诊处，一名60多岁的老人带着她的小孙子前来咨询。	In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
老人的小孙子今年11岁，从孩子3岁开始，左脚一直受“脚气”困扰。	The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
医生查看后告诉老人，这并不是“脚气”而是季节性的湿疹，千万不要随意用药耽误了治疗。	After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
“在这个村我们提供了看病和B超的服务，而另一队在五莲县户部乡邱家店子村的义诊服务队还提供了免费体检的服务。	"In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team."
此次下乡义诊只是‘健康中国行’的其中一个部分，在以后的日子里，其他活动还将陆续开展。”	This free clinic is only one part of 'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
51Talk无忧英语被认为在构建在线教育行业生态圈方面具有里程碑的意义。	51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
CEO黄佳佳表示，将全球最佳的学习资源带给中国的孩子们是他们未来五年的战略。	CEO Huang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
据了解，“51Talk的最大优势就在于能够满足不同年龄段不同需求的用户。	It is learned that "51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
首席运营官张礼明则表示，将全球优质外教师资和服务与学生端相连，家长们再也不用舟车劳顿，将宝贵的时间用于接送孩子了。	Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
央行对支付宝等27家非银行机构支付业务许可证续展5年	The central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
为整合业务资源，发挥规模效应，提高监管效率，本次续展对拟合并《支付业务许可证》的支付机构，相应调整其业务范围。	To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the "Payment Business License" payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
被合并支付机构应于公告之日起6个月内完成支付业务承接工作。	The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
中国人民银行将在业务承接工作完成后，办理相关《支付业务许可证》的注销、换发事宜。	The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant "Payment Business License" after the business undertaking work is completed.
因部分支付机构存在业务严重违规、业务停滞萎缩或主动申请终止业务类型等情形，本次续展调减其业务范围。	Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
相关机构应于公告之日起6个月内按要求有序停止开展相关支付业务。	The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
中国人民银行将继续依法、审慎开展《支付业务许可证》续展工作。	The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of "Payment Business License" in accordance with the law.
西藏尼玛县连发4.4、4.5级地震暂未造成人员伤亡	Two earthquakes with magnitude 4.4 and 4.5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
据地方民政部门报告，目前暂未造成人员伤亡，具体灾情正在进一步统计核查中。	According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
市残联副理事长于波出席活动并作重要讲话。	Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons' Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
出席领导共同为第二批“爱心原山”雷锋私家车队授牌。	The attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of "Love Yuanshan" Leifeng private fleet.
20年来，“爱心原山”以实际行动书写着人间大爱，原山林场先后接管、代管了5个困难事业单位，直接安置职工近千人次。	These 20 years, "Love Yuanshan" wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
在每次重大灾害面前，原山人都自发组织捐款捐物，向社会伸出援助之手。	In front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
全国道德模范提名奖、原山林场党委书记孙建博说，雷锋精神传承着时代的真善美，是一项符合社会主义价值体系的长久事业。	Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
仪式结束后，参加活动人员参观山东原山艰苦创业纪念馆并体验无障碍设施建设。	After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
里瓦斯市长维尔弗雷多·洛佩斯在教师培训现场表示尼加拉瓜政府各机构正在通力协作，与HKND集团一起推进环境管理计划并开展植树活动。	Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
作为运河项目开发商的HKND集团始终遵循国际最佳惯例，按国际标准修建运河，最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。”	The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
大学生通过理论和实践结合，带领中小学生一起种树，教育尼加拉瓜下一代如何绿化环境。	College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
尼加拉瓜国立农业大学自然资源和环境系的教授弗朗西斯科·雷耶斯全程带队参与了植树造林教育项目。	Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
我们有理由相信同样由HKND集团主导的跨洋大运河项目将会为广大尼加拉瓜人民带来更多的裨益，为当地创造更多的就业机会。”	"We have reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community."
为了保证植树造林的长期效果，HKND集团还出品了植树造林培训画册，分发给里瓦斯省所有1.5万中小学生，旨在为师生及家长提供长期的技术指导。	In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15,000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
近日，由中国文联、青海省政府主办的第十届中国国际民间艺术节在青海西宁拉开帷幕。	Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区的艺术团约300余名艺术家同聚一堂，为观众带来了极具国际性与民族民间特色的精彩演出。	Some 300 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
塔吉克斯坦“阿维斯塔”通讯社11日援引塔央行的消息称，今年前7个月塔国的通货膨胀率为3.7%。	On the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan "Avesta" news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3.7%.
报道指出，今年前7个月塔国的通货膨胀率为3.7%，其中7月份的通胀率为0.6%，而近一年的通胀率为6%。	As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3.7% in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0.6% while such rate in the past year was 6%.
报道称，塔政府的目标是计划将2016年的年通胀率控制在7.5%的水平，而2015年塔国的通胀率为5.1%。	According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7.5% while that in 2015 was 5.1%.
另外，报道还指出，在塔国2016年的经济发展和通胀的问题上，塔政府与一些主要的国际金融机构的预测存在着一定的出入。	In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
根据塔贸易和经济发展部的预测，2016年塔国的经济增长将达到7%，而国家的通胀也基本是在这一水平之上。	According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7%, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
而亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织则是对于塔国2016年经济发展和通胀水则纷纷给出了不同的预测。	On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
对于这两项指标，亚洲开发银行的预测为4.2%和7%，世界银行的预测为4.8%和7.5%，国际货币基金组织的预测为3.4%和8.2%。	For both of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4.2% and 7%, while that of the World Bank were 4.8% and 7.5%, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3.4% and 8.2%.
据悉，尽管受到了国际经济不景气、俄罗斯卢布贬值以及侨汇减少等一系列不利外部因素的影响，但是2015年塔国的经济还是实现了6%的增长。	It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6% growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
8月11日，记者电话采访已回到四川绵阳家中的黄伊琳时，她说：“当时情况太紧急了，我心里只有一个念头就是救人!”	On August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, "At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people!"
黄伊琳是中南林科大风景园林学院2015级的学生。	Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
就读城乡规划专业的黄伊琳想去四川阆中参观学习当地的建筑设计，于是一家人便前往旅游。	Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
8月8日上午10点左右，黄伊琳的父亲在酒店休息，母女俩出来准备逛逛阆中古城。	At around 10 a.m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
刚走了没多远，突然看到一群人在大呼小叫，出于好奇便走上前去。	Not walking too far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
眼看着“小男孩已不见了踪影，小女孩在水里拼命扑腾，江面上只露出她的小脑袋，不时往下沉”，小时候学过游泳的黄伊琳急急忙忙地跳下去救人。	Seeing the "little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
下水后，身高165厘米的黄伊琳发现竟踩不到底!	After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom!
之前看上去平静的水面，底下却是激流!	The calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
但她还是不顾一切地游向小女孩。	But she still desperately swam to the little girl.
黄伊琳说，江水浑浊、湍急，不到5米的距离，几乎花光了她所有的力气。	Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
她拼尽全力把小女孩推到河堤边，“斜坡特别滑，我怕自己没有力气也沉下去了。”	She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. "The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink."
于是，黄伊琳向妈妈求救，听到女儿的呼救，水性不好的尹女士准备下水营救，被旁边的游客拦住。	So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms.Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
8月10日，黄伊琳跳江救人的事情传开后，尹女士在收到不少亲友慰问、称赞的同时，也受到不少亲友“问责”。	On August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the "concerns" of many relatives and friends.
“现在回想起来真的很后怕!说实话，当孩子在河堤上快坚持不下去了，向我求救时，我的心都快碎了。”	"Now, in retrospect, it's really scared! To be honest, when my child does not hold on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon."
尹女士心有余悸地说，尽管很危险，但如果再次置身那样的场景，她依然会支持女儿的选择，她为女儿骄傲!	Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again!
由于是被逼的，黄伊琳在学会游泳之后就很少主动再下水了，“没想到这项技能还真派上了用场”。	Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. "I did not expect this skill really to come in handy."
据黄伊琳班上的班长陈亦暘介绍，黄伊琳是班里公认的“学霸”，而且乐于助人。	According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the "The Straight A Student" well-known in her class and ready to help.
云南省首届青运会13日开赛开幕式打民族牌展示青春活力	The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
云南省首届青少年运动会将于8月13日至8月22日在德宏州芒市举行。	The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
8月12日，在德宏州芒市，组委会召开新闻发布会，介绍大赛的组织和开幕式筹备情况。	On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
云南省第一届青少年运动会由云南省体育局主办，芒市人民政府承办，运动会将于13日上午举行开幕式。	The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
比赛共设有田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等11个项目，涉及180个小项的比赛。	There are 11 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
云南省第一届青运会组委会副主任、省体育局副局长常林介绍，围绕“政府主导、市场运作、节俭办赛”的原则，目前，各项筹备工作已全部到位。	According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of "government-led, market operation, frugal race", all preparation work has been in place.
德宏州老体协举重馆和武术馆、芒市一小摔跤馆、银塔景区山地自行车赛道等修缮工作已完成。	The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
在赛事保障方面，目前大会招募了580名志愿者，在比赛期间，这些志愿者们将在各个赛场为运动员和观众提供热情服务。	In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
同时，从德宏州各医院抽调70名医务人员和11辆救护车组成了11个医疗队，负责比赛现场和运动员住宿的医疗保障工作。	At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
涉及开闭幕式的问题，本届青运会的点火仪式结合了云南少数民族的传统运动特点，将展示丰富的云南文化内涵。	As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
目前为准备开幕式文艺演出，共抽调了德宏职业学院1500名学生演员以及其他专业演员共计2000余人。	At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1,500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
开闭幕式将全面融入云南元素，德宏特色，展示德宏州芒市的地域文化和民俗风物特点。	Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
目前，开幕式的彩排工作已结束，明天上午将举行正式演出。	At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
本届青运会开幕式文艺演出相对以往而言规模更大。	The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
9月1日起，60岁至64岁的老年人可以半价乘坐城区的公交车。	From September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
11日上午，济宁市公交公司IC卡销售中心，办卡窗口前几位老年人正在排队办卡，62岁的姚大爷拿到老年半价卡。	In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
此前，济宁市老龄委、市财政局、市交通局下发《关于60—64周岁老年人半价乘坐城区公交车的通知》，该优惠政策从今年的9月1日正式实施。	Prior to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue "A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
“符合条件的老年人，持二代身份证到IC销售中心办理就可以；外地户口符合这个年龄的老年人也享受这个优惠。”	"Eligible old people may apply to IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy."
济宁市公交公司计算机中心副主任刘霞说，从8月1日开始办理以来，已办了200多张老年半价卡。	Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
目前，老年卡分为两种，一种是老年免费卡，一种是老年半价卡。	Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
“为了方便老年人，对系统进行了升级，老年免费卡由原来一年审两次减少为一次，持卡的老年人不用跑两趟了。”	"To save time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with card do not need to commute twice."
据证监会官方微博消息，证监会今日表示，目前，两地证券监管部门以及深交所和港交所之间，正在密切合作。	According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
同时，证监会成立了“深港通”专项工作小组，积极推进“深港通”的各项准备工作，待相关监管规则与技术装备就绪后，今年将择机开通。	At the same time, the Commission set up a "Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism" special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
群发诈骗短信达到一定数量，即使未诈骗得手，也可以诈骗罪论处。	People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
河南省南阳市卧龙区人民法院审理查明，２０１５年９月３０日至１０月４日，被告人李会旺先后在桐柏县、南阳城区利用伪基站设备发送诈骗信息。	The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
同年，１０月５日１０时许，被告人再次来到南阳市卧龙区某宾馆房间内利用伪基站群发诈骗短信时，被公安民警抓获。	In the same year, at 10 a.m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
经评估，该伪基站设备在２０１５年１０月４日发送短信６２２２８条，造成６２２２８个手机用户人均通讯中断８秒以上至１０分钟以下。	After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62,228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62,228 mobile phone users.
法院经审理认为，被告人李会旺利用伪基站对不特定多数人发送诈骗短信共计６２２２８条，其行为已构成诈骗罪。	After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62,228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
对于辩护人提出的被告人被抓时系未遂犯、未造成后果，认罪态度较好，建议对其从轻处罚的意见予以采纳。	As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
综合被告人犯罪性质、认罪态度等情节，以诈骗罪判处其有期徒刑４年零６个月，并处罚金１万元。	Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10,000 yuan.
东北虎，目前被世界自然保护联盟(IUCN)濒危物种红色名录列为濒危(EN)物种。	Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered (EN) by the World Conservation Union (IUCN) Red List of Endangered Species.
据吉林省林业厅介绍，1998年中美俄等国联合监测的数据显示，吉林省仅有野生东北虎4到6只、东北豹3到5只。	According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业厅保护处处长于长春介绍，近年来吉林省不断加大对野生动物的保护，东北虎、东北豹在中国的种群数量正显著增长，分布区域不断扩展。	According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
2015年最新监测数据显示，仅吉林省境内就监测到野生东北虎27只、东北豹42只。	The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
作为分布在中俄交界区域的世界野生动物保护旗舰物种，中俄两国间的合作对于野生东北虎、豹的种群恢复和繁衍意义重大。	The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area,.
据吉林省林业厅介绍，此前吉林省已与俄罗斯建立了长期稳定的合作交流机制。	According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
在11日结束的2016中国珲春虎豹保护国际论坛上，中俄两国林业部门和动物保护组织再次达成多项共识。	At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
吉林省林业厅表示，加强中俄两国虎、豹保护合作，不仅是中国东北虎、豹保护面临的十分紧迫的任务，也是维系俄罗斯虎、豹种群健康的当务之急。	According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
孙福坚身为党员领导干部，理想信念丧失，严重违反党的纪律，且党的十八大后仍不收敛、不收手、顶风违纪，性质恶劣、情节严重。	Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
此案件发生后，经多家媒体报道后，成为焦点案件，社会影响极坏。	After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
案件发生后，海口市公安局刑警支队领导高度重视，立即组织支队一大队精干警力主动出击展开侦查。	After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
警方立即将该嫌疑人执行上网追逃，采取多种措施布控，并通过联系外地警方协查王某国的下落。	The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
由于该嫌疑人系盗窃惯犯，屡次被公安机关打击处理过，具有较强的反侦察能力，加上他长期吸毒，讯问中毒瘾时常发作，审讯工作非常困难。	As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
格陵兰鲨又称小头睡鲨，广泛分布于格陵兰岛与冰岛周围的北大西洋海域，其在成年时所达到的身长为4至5米。	Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
但它们的生长速度极其缓慢，有时1年只长约1厘米，这提示格陵兰鲨可能有着格外长的寿命。	But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
传统的测年方法通常使用动物的钙化组织，一些鲨鱼中可以使用鳍脊，但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨中十分稀少。	Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的尤利乌斯·尼尔森领导的新研究转而使用格陵兰鲨的眼部晶状体进行放射性碳测年。	A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
这种方法此前曾用于测定鲸鱼的年龄，但用来确定鲨鱼等鱼类的年龄还是第一次。	This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
他们的分析显示，这头最大的鲨鱼寿命估计为392岁，误差为120岁。	Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
这就是说，这条鲨鱼年龄至少是272岁，最大可能达到512岁。	That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
此外，雌性的格陵兰鲨据称要到身长约4米时才能性成熟，换算成年龄也就是至少要到156岁才成年。	In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
研究人员因此在论文中写道，格陵兰鲨是地球上已知的、最长寿的脊椎动物，超过了以前的长寿冠军露脊鲸（211岁）。	The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale (211 years).
一年以来，汇改成果显著，人民币汇率保持基本稳定，同时也为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。	Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
从市场表现来看，一年来，人民币汇率双向浮动特征明显，汇率弹性增强，汇率预期总体平稳。	From the point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
汇改至今，人民币对美元中间价超百点的上下波动屡屡出现，但过程升贬交替。	Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
去年“8·11”汇改之前的最后一次汇改措施实施于2005年，十年间人民币对美元显著升值。	Last year, the last remittance measure before "8.11" exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
新汇改实施以来，人民币改变了之前升值状态，一年间人民币汇率中间价贬值约8％。	Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8%.
今年10月1日，国际货币基金组织将正式接纳人民币，成为ＳＤＲ（特别提款权）权重货币。	This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
本周，中国海关总署公布的统计数据显示，今年前7个月，中国进出口总值13.21万亿元人民币，比去年同期下降3％。	This week, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13.21 trillion yuan, down 3% over the same period last year.
而在7月当月，中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9％，特别是出口同比增长了2.9％。	In July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0.9% year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2.9%.
相关专家认为，尽管7月进出口有企稳迹象，但不应有过高预期。	Relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
7月，中国进出口总值2.09万亿元人民币，同比下降0.9％。	In July, China's total import and export valued 2.09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0.9%.
其中，出口1.22万亿元人民币，增长2.9％；进口8730亿元人民币，下降5.7％；贸易顺差3428亿元，扩大34％。	Among them, the export was valued 1.22 trillion yuan, up 2.9%; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5.7%; trade surplus was valued 342.8 billion yuan, an increase of 34%.
尽管进出口总值同比依然下降，但出口数据出现了增长，这也是自今年3月以来，出口实现连续第五个月增长。	Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
上海警方4个月擒贼3400余人打击“盗抢骗”团伙157个	Shanghai police captured more than 3,400 thieves and combated 157 "robbery fraud" gangs in 4 months
在侦破案件的同时，警方还追缴赃款赃物合计人民币3300余万元。	While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
据盗窃团伙成员供述，他们通过包乘黑车方式从外地进入上海，随后分别下车作案，数小时后各自会合上车，再一同离沪。	According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
作案过程中犯罪嫌疑人往往以一幢楼为单位，采用外墙攀爬，撬断防盗窗栅栏的方式从上至下“扫楼式”盗窃。	During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
日前，该涉案犯罪嫌疑人已被徐汇公安分局移送徐汇区检察院审查起诉。	Recently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
警方提醒广大市民群众，外出时务必锁好家中门窗，对于防盗窗的选择，建议市民群众应当选择材质较硬的钢材。	Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
据中国之声《新闻晚高峰》报道，8月下旬，日本首相安倍晋三将赴肯尼亚出席第六届非洲开发会议。	In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
非洲开发会议由日本主导，此前的五次会议均是在日本东京或者横滨举行，因此，本次会议也将是首次移师非洲。	The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
日本外务省官员就此表示，在非洲当地召开会议有助于引起非洲和欧洲各国对日本的关注。	Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
为了配合安倍晋三的此次出访，据共同社消息，日本自民党将向相关各国派遣议员团。	In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
日本“入常”之路始于上世纪90年代初，而由日本发起的非洲开发会议同样始于1993年，这不是巧合！	Japan's "application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council" began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
非洲在联合国拥有53个席位，是联合国的重要票仓，日本要想“入常”，又怎么会舍弃非洲？	Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council?
还将与各国相关人士就极端组织“伊斯兰国”及恐怖活动对策交换意见。	It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of "Islamic State" and terrorist activities.
“西部组”将访问塞拉利昂、利比里亚、几内亚比绍等7个国家。	"Western Group" will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
日本外相岸田文雄近来也在联合国安理会上就此次非洲开发会议说明了意图。	Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
安倍曾在此间宣布，为了撒哈拉沙漠以南非洲国家的稳定，将在5年内提供1000亿日元（约合人民币61亿元）的援助。	Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen (about RMB 6.1 billion) in five years.
观察人士普遍认为，一直以来，日本对非洲的慷慨主要有两个目的：一是增加日本在非洲的存在感；二是争取在入常问题上赢得非洲国家的支持。	Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa: first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
日本问题专家杨伯江分析称，“从政治方面，非洲虽然相对发展滞后，但是国家数量比较多，所以日本一向把它视为所谓的‘大票田’。”	"In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called 'big ticket field,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
今后日本是不会放弃的，对于非洲的工作也不会就此终止，会不断加强。	Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
经济方面，因为日本的生产能力比较强，但是国内市场相对有限，特别是目前在少子老龄化背景下，内需相对比较低迷。	Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
不过，从10年前的小泉纯一郎，到10年后的安倍，其间，日本曾多次发起的入常“冲刺”，却均铩羽而归。	However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the "sprint" scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
日本问题专家杨伯江认为，日本入常意图一目了然，但入常之路势必困难重重。	Yang Bojiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
日本要实现自己的目标，首先要和周边国家搞好关系，其中，无论在地缘政治争夺还是在民族争端以及历史认识问题上，日本需要有一个正确的态度。	To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
海口海事法院凌晨立案确保临高渔船沉没事件当事人权益	Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
3名身亡船员的亲属于8月7日凌晨4点赶赴海口海事法院，提起诉前财产保全扣押涉嫌肇事货轮的申请。	The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a.m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
4日事发后，涉嫌肇事货轮被海事局扣押于海口秀英港协助调查。	After the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
鉴于海事局72小时扣押期限于8月7日上午9点届满，遇难者亲属于7日凌晨向法院提起财产保全申请。	In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9:00 a.m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
凌晨4点20分，申请人提起诉前财产保全，值班法警耐心接待。	At 4:20 a.m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
本期大讲坛由山东大学政治与公共管理学院常务副院长曹现强教授主持。	The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
世界经济全球化、一体化对执政能力带来哪些挑战?	What are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance?
国家治理如何适应变化的世界?	How does national governance adapt to the changing world?
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行全方位的剖析。	By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
范德尚系北京大学法学博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任美国康奈尔大学驻北京办公室主任。	Fan Deshang is a Ph.D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
目前研究内容主要集中在全球政治、经济、科技、文化宗教等领域的深刻变化,以及这些变化对国家治理、领导力、全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。	The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
传统习俗引入新亮点“2016盂兰文化节”香港维园开幕	Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot "2016 Bon Culture Festival" -The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
敲锣打鼓的音乐、传统的小食、花俏的装饰、人群汹涌的现场。	Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
由香港潮属社团总会主办的“2016盂兰文化节”12日至14日在维多利亚公园举办，这是香港最盛大的一场盂兰胜会。	Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, "2016 Bon Culture Festival" was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
除了延续已有的“抢孤竞赛”，还增加了全家可以参加的“亲子盆供堆垒赛”。	In addition to the continuation of the existing "Climbing Competition", "parent basin for the heap" for the entire family is also added.
不仅用漫画形式介绍盂兰文化历史，现场还设有盂兰主题3D自拍区、传统小食区以及传统手艺流动教室等，吸引不少小朋友和海外人士来体验参观。	Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
一对来自法国的夫妻在活动现场逗留了近3个小时，并且在迷你花牌流动教室体验了一番。	A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
“在网上查到这个特别的节日，所以决定来看看，感到很新鲜。”	"After knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh."
他们表示，虽然法国也有类似纪念先人的节日，但气氛很沉重，不像这里，有音乐，有食物还可以学习传统手艺。	They said, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
她说，“在香港这么繁忙的金融大都市，还能看到这么有规模、有组织的祭拜祖先的仪式。”	She said, "It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong".
“这不仅体现了中国文化的多元性，还能让更多人了解这些传统手艺并且传承下去。”	"This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage."
本次活动总统筹胡炎松表示，“我们不想把盂兰文化节布置得很恐怖，让人不敢接近，特别是小孩子。”	"We do not want to make the Bon Culture Festival very horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children," said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们希望通过现场年轻化的活动和布置，让年轻人知道盂兰节文化背后想表达的是孝道和感恩。“	"We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Bon Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving."
他也表示，这次共有24个队伍参加“抢孤竞赛”，其中不仅有社团组织，还与一些学校合作，让学生参加。	He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in "climbing competition", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
据了解，香港潮人盂兰胜会已于2011年列入“国家级非物质文化遗产名录”。	It is understood that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as "national intangible cultural heritage list" in 2011.
１１日晚，中国国家京剧院携名剧《白蛇传》穿越千里来到墨西哥城，在墨国家美术宫为当地民众呈现了一场原汁原味的京剧盛宴。	On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play "White Snake" and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
作为“中拉文化交流年”重点演出项目，８月９日至２３日，中国国家京剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城以及科尔多瓦、华雷斯等５座城市演出７场京剧。	As the key performance project of "Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
观众们跟着《白蛇传》情节的起承转合、演员的唱念做打，时而会心微笑，时而热烈鼓掌。	The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the "White Snake" episode and the actor's singing.
１５年前曾观看过京剧演出的玛丽萨·希门尼斯·卡乔陪着女儿看完演出。	I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
“这是一场精彩绝伦的表演，音乐、灯光、舞台表演都让我印象深刻，……我觉得很有必要让女儿也来了解中国文化和中国京剧艺术。”	"This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me ... ... I think it is necessary to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art."
墨西哥观众的热情给白娘子扮演者、青年演员付佳留下深刻印象。	The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.
“我没有想到墨西哥观众这么热情，原本我对他们能否理解故事还有些担心，但是今天看到他们能抓住故事情节和许多笑点，这出乎我的意料。”	"It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱小琪说，今年“中拉文化交流年”的各项文化交流活动对推动中墨两国人民加深了解、增进友谊具有积极作用。	Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's "Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year" promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
明年是中墨两国建交４５周年，届时将会有更多文化交流活动在中墨两国举办。	Next year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
刘赐贵赴三亚调研“双修、双城”要求提升城市建管水平	Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of "Double Restoration and Dual City" and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
12日上午，刘赐贵主持召开座谈会，听取了三亚市“双修”“双城”试点工作推进情况的汇报及各有关部门的意见建议。	In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of "Double Restoration and Dual City" and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
刘赐贵对试点工作中取得的阶段性成果和创造出的好经验、好做法给予充分肯定。	Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage results and good experiences and practice.
刘赐贵强调，三亚要紧紧抓住历史发展机遇，以“双修”“双城”试点工作为重要抓手，在全省经济社会发展中充分发挥好示范带动的龙头作用。	Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of "Double Restoration and Dual City" as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
要在提升国际旅游岛国际化水平中发挥好带头作用，从点滴细节入手，丰富国际元素、打造国际精品。	We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
要在城乡一体化和全域旅游中发挥好带头作用，加快特色风情小镇建设，将旅游元素融入每个项目，把三亚的每个乡村、城镇都建设成旅游景区。	We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
要在“服务社会投资百日大行动”中发挥好带头作用，推动一批重大项目和园区建设，确保高质量项目的落地，把大行动的各项要求落实好。	We should lead in "the 100-day social service investment move" and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
省委常委、三亚市委书记张琦，副省长王路，省政府秘书长陆志远参加调研座谈。	Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
邓亚萍在14年的运动生涯中，共拿到18个世界冠军，成为中国奥运历史上第一个夺得四枚奥运金牌的人。	In the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
她在乒坛排名连续8年保持世界第一，是乒乓球史上排名“世界第一”时间最长的女运动员。	She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the "the world's first" for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
2010年9月26日，任人民日报社副秘书长兼人民搜索网络股份公司总经理，正厅级干部。	On September 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
日前，她将和俞敏洪联手共同打造国内第一家体育产业创新创业平台。	Recently, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
中国体坛上也有这样一群明星教练：他们在运动员时代风光无限，为国家赢得无数荣耀；退役后将多年所学传授于后来者，培养出中夺冠军。	There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
作为中国男子体操首位世界冠军，黄玉斌退役后选择拿起教鞭。	As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
从女队教练到男队教练，再到总教练，黄玉斌打造了一支“奥运金团”，更率队在北京奥运会取得了9金1银4铜的神话战绩。	From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an "Olympic gold group", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
此后，田亮一直广告代言不断，更是在近年扮演了“牛郎”、“雷锋”等重要角色。	Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a "Cowherd", "Lei Feng" and other important roles in recent years.
很多NBA球员都证明了自己的实力。但是有人进步就有人衰落。	Many NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
无论是因为年龄的增大还是出场时间被限制，每个赛季都有一些球员的表现会出现退步。	Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
当然了，有些“退步”可能仅仅是数据的缩水，这些球员的实力可能并未下降。	Of course, some "retreat" may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
即便韦德仍是联盟里最好的得分后卫之一，但是他在公牛的表现应该不会有热火那么好了。	Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
他和隆多组成的后场射程有限，当家球星巴特勒的三分命中率也只有32.8%，这让他们下赛季的进攻会打得很拥挤。	The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32.8%, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
来到了风城，闪电侠势必把球权更多地让给巴特勒和隆多，自己很可能在常规赛选择养生打法。	After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
奥卡福的情况比较尴尬，作为上赛季76人的第一选择，他在新赛季不得不和西蒙斯以及恩比德竞争上场时间和球权。	Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
这一竞争可能不会来的很快，西蒙斯还需要适应NBA赛场，恩比德也要尽快从伤病中完全恢复，但是奥卡福能否在76人的长人阵中有位置还是个问题。	This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
上个赛季，奥卡福32%的得分来自低位进攻，这一比例高于考辛斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩斯，同时他的使用率也高居联盟前40。	Last season, 32% of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
随着西蒙斯已经展现了出色的控球前锋潜质，恩比德也拥有着更适合NBA比赛的身材，奥卡福的地位恐怕很难再那么稳固了。	With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
过去两个赛季，汤普森的使用率已经稳定在了联盟前20，而这也是他生涯最出色的两个赛季。	Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
不过问题是，随着杜兰特的到来，汤普森的使用率一定会下降，这势必将影响他的发挥。	But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
这一影响将不仅是出手次数的影响，汤神的持球进攻在下赛季肯定也会大大减少，这在某些方面也会降低对手对他的防守难度。	This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
杜兰特的到来一定会让勇士队的球员们数据缩水，但这其中缩水最严重的恐怕就是汤普森了。	Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
但这并不意味着汤神的水平退步，这更像是他为球队整体做出了牺牲。	But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
帕克在上个赛季表现得比数据反映的要好些，不仅是因为他的篮下效率来到了生涯最高，他和阿尔德里奇的化学反应也让马刺队受益。	Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
邓肯退役，吉诺比利宣布再战一年，GDP的组合最终也走到了尽头，作为三个人里最年轻的一个，法国跑车的油箱里也没有多少油了。	Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
在得到了第三枚总冠军戒指之后，只有贾巴尔、乔丹和拉塞尔比詹姆斯赢得了更多的常规赛MVP，而乔丹是唯一一个FMVP比詹姆斯多的人。	After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
哦，对了，詹姆斯刚刚为克利夫兰带来了过去52年里第一座职业体育冠军奖杯。	Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
来到了职业生涯第14个赛季的詹姆斯需要更好的保证体力，为季后赛做好准备。	Coming to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
因此，在常规赛里，詹姆斯的数据很可能进一步下滑，他会把更多的重担分给欧文来承担，不过他仍然会轻松地成为联盟前三的球员。	Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
“一定要把从国内学到的才艺在俄罗斯发扬开来”。	"I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia".
当地时间12日，莫斯科华侨华人联合会主席黄静在看到中新网记者时激动的说道。	On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews.com.
前不久，她在国内参加了由中国国务院侨务办公室主办、暨南大学承办的“海外华人文化社团中华才艺(书法、绘画)培训班”。	Not long ago, she participated in the "overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent (calligraphy, painting) training" hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
刚刚参加培训班时，自己对于书画完全不知道从哪里下手，结果在培训班结束后，已经能画出和写出自己的作品。	While participating in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
自己回莫斯科后，一定要用所学到的知识和技能，为中华文化的传播和弘扬作出自己的贡献。	After returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
同时参加这一培训班的俄罗斯中华文化促进会秘书长那延伟也有相同感觉。	At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
她说，自己在培训班老师的帮助下进步非常大，同时也感受到了作为“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。	She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the "overseas communicator of Chinese culture"
那延伟说，自己回俄后定要把中华传统文化在华人和热爱中国文化的俄罗斯人中间传播和弘扬下去。	She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
今日19点35分，在中超第22轮率先开打的一场比赛中，重庆力帆客场挑战北京国安。	At 19:35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
第29分钟，王栋操刀点球破门，第39分钟，新援卡尔德克在费尔南多助攻下收获中超首球，第81分钟，国安扳回一球。	At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
比赛进行10分钟后，力帆连续冲击中连获角球机会，费尔南多小角度抽射被国安防线挡出底线。	When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
第15分钟，张稀哲中场直线挑传，伊尔马兹已直冲禁区，单兵防守的刘宇抢先出脚将球破坏。	At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
1分钟后朴成在左路前插传中，于大宝禁区中路扫射未踢正部位，力帆门将邓小飞将球没收。	One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
费尔南多右路一对二回带后突然挑传门前，卡尔德克前插接应时被雷腾龙飞扑动作放倒，裁判判定点球，并向雷腾龙出示黄牌。	Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
国安在第37分钟就进行换人调整，张晓彬下场，张池明登场反戈旧主。	Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
卡尔德克禁区前摆脱分球，费尔南多禁区左侧低平球传中，卡尔德克顺势推射破门。	Alan Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
这也是卡尔德克在中超首发的赛事中就取得入球，力帆2:0领先。	This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2:0.
下半场刚刚开场费尔南多就以强行突破赢得右侧任意球，可惜小角度攻门打高。	Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
在邓小飞被判定拖延时间领到黄牌后，替补出场的彭欣力因禁区前犯规也领到黄牌。	After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
第56分钟，张池明左路内切中与张稀哲传递配合，其弧线球攻门被邓小飞挡出。	At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
刘宇禁区前凶狠铲抢侵犯克里梅茨，他与情绪激动的王栋相继领到黄牌。	Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
第63分钟，费尔南多右路奔袭时被克里梅茨直接撞翻，费尔南多对克里梅茨的动作非常不满，克里梅茨领到黄牌。	At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
1分钟后费尔南多再度在右路展示奔袭能力，于大宝追防犯规也领到黄牌。	One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
伊尔马兹禁区线内强行突破，在郑又荣伸腿拦截动作下倒地，裁判判定点球，伊尔马兹操刀破门，力帆2:1国安。	Ilmaz restricted area within the line forcibly break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2: 1 national security.
第86分钟，周挺右路送出传中，谢尔盖耶夫在禁区中路胸部停球后顺势施射，邓小飞再次以精彩扑救将球封出。	At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
4分钟补时过后，力帆将2-1的比分保持到终场，于客场战胜国安。	4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
拿下这宝贵的3分之后，目前力帆的积分达到27分，暂居积分榜第10位。	After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
莱曼届时将作为德甲亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家，参加当地各种球迷活动。	Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
据介绍，今年秋季，德甲联赛形象大使莱曼和马特乌斯将代表德甲在亚洲和美洲陆续展开传奇之旅，为2016/17赛季德甲的开幕打响前哨。	According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016/17 German Bundesliga season.
本次活动将横跨两个大洲、覆盖四座顶级城市，他们将在各地和球迷们一起为新赛季预热造势。	The event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
德甲联赛被誉为欧洲五大联赛(英超、西甲、意甲、德甲、法甲)之一，是足球王国德国体育界当仁不让的旗舰赛事。	German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues (FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
作为全球最具实力的联赛之一，德甲仅2014-2015赛季就吸引了约1330万名观众来到球场观战。	As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13.3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
德甲豪门的代表拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德和著名球星托马斯·穆勒、拉姆、格策等在中国可谓家喻户晓。	The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
配合此前德甲已上线的微博、优酷和微信中文平台，德甲方面寄望为中国球迷提供更广泛和及时便捷的渠道，获取该联赛的最新消息。	With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
英国队在七人制橄榄球赛中获得银牌，斐济队夺得金牌	Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
在周四晚上的七人制橄榄球赛决赛中，英国队未能在斐济队面前延续之前的出色表现，被斐济队以43比7在里约蒂奥多罗体育场击败。	Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
斐济队凭借在控球、抢断、回避、配合、跑动和力量方面无懈可击的表现夺得金牌，这也是该国有史以来的首块奥运会奖牌。	Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour.
银牌对于被击败的英国队而言也算是一个不小的安慰，这块银牌是英国代表团当天获得的第三块银牌。这一成绩足以让英国橄榄球队感到骄傲：他们在首次进入奥运会的七人制橄榄球赛上一路击败了新西兰、阿根廷和南非。	Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver - Britain's third of the day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
当天早些时候，英国队以7比5险胜南非队，这可能影响了他们在决赛中状态。	The bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
但无论如何，现在的斐济队足以击败一支精神饱满的15人球队。	But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
明天，至少有一个英国人将戴上一块金牌，这对于英国队而言可能是一种安慰，但也可能不是。这个英国人就是来自温布尔顿的斐济队主教练本·瑞恩，他曾担任英国队的主教练。	It may be some consolation to GB - but probably not - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国队能取得今天的成绩实属不易。	It has been some journey for GB.
八年前，在瑞恩的执教下，他们在阿德莱得国际七人制橄榄球赛上未尝胜果。	Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
而现在，他们离冠军仅一步之遥。	Here, they lost just one.
虽然他们受到了巨大的打击，但也取得了十分惊人的进步。	This hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
斐济开场就占据优势，使英国队毫无招架之力。	Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
对于汤姆·米切尔和他的队友而言，这就像撞上了一连串正在行驶的公共汽车。当欧西·科林尼索冲入角旗区时，这支世界系列赛冠军球队已经以5比0的比分遥遥领先了。	It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
比赛仅仅过了四分钟，杰瑞·图怀又在右翼触地得分。	With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
12比0，英国队几乎没有碰到过球。	12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
米切尔的强力阻截让巨人一般的里昂•那卡拉瓦没有第三次得分，但这仅仅是延缓了斐济得分的速度。	A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
在7分钟时，亚萨·卫莱马鲁在右角触地。17比0，英国队雪上加霜。	On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
那卡拉瓦又得一分，而比赛……的上半场还剩1分钟。	Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock ... in the first half.
然后，瓦特莫·拉沃沃冲破英国队的防守，直达得分线。	Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
中场休息时，比分已经是29比0。	The conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
斐济人就好像生来就是打7人制橄榄球的，而英国队仍是初出茅庐。	It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
情况就是这样。	Which is pretty much how it is.
英国队在下半场作出了巨大的改变并且在整整四分钟里冲击着斐济人的防线，就上半场而言，这一表现已经很好了。但之后斐济队打出精彩的配合，由乔舒亚·图埃索瓦再次得分。	GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam...for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
丹·诺顿为英国队创造了得分的机会，他在左角触地，将比分更改为36比7，但比赛早已在南海岛国的掌控中，他们的球迷在站台上高声歌唱、挥舞旗帜、载歌载舞。	Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
斐济队的精彩表现令人不得不拍手称快。	It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
马塔·威廉在最后时刻阻止了斐济队的一次无所谓的进攻。	Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
终场哨声响起，斐济人拥抱在一起，而完败的英国队只能遗憾退场。	The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
当天早些时候，斐济队在半决赛中以20比5击败了日本队，而英国对在一场激烈的半决赛对决中险胜南非队。	Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each - Britain's conversion the difference.
上半场凯尔·布朗帮助南非队取得领先，但丹·诺顿在下半场凭借出色的脚法破门得分。	Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
之后，英格兰队安东尼的兄弟马库斯·沃森用精彩的拦截确保了球队的胜利，最终英国队夺得银牌。	A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win - and ultimately the silver medal.
海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁受身患癌症的教练的鼓舞，夺得赛艇金牌	Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
毫不夸张地说，这是最让人感动的一块金牌。	There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
从第一次划桨开始到现在，海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁已接受了220次惩罚性拉举训练，而她们在 Estacio da Lagoa夺得的这块金牌具有更非凡的的意义。	From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
虽然划桨的只有她们两人，但船上还有一个人——教练罗宾·威廉姆斯——的声音一直陪伴着她们冲击连续第二块女子双人桨奥运会金牌，这是英国首对达到这一高度的赛艇女子组合。	Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
她们已保持了39场不败纪录，具有绝对的优势。	Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
我们所看到的是这两名天才运动员在水面上优雅前行，但这并不是这一胜利的全部。	What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
在每一块赛艇金牌的背后都有许多自愿帮助的人，正是他们的不断奉献创造了不同，而其中帮助最大的莫过于一位30个月前得知自己身患癌症、不知道自己能否活着看到这一天的教练。	Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
正如他所说，死亡随时可能到来。	As he said, it was touch and go.
我患上了膀胱癌，他们为我做了手术。	I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
如果不做手术的话，癌细胞会扩撒到全身。	If they don't it goes everywhere.
这样，情况会糟糕得多。	It would have been a pretty bad situation.
这会略微改变你的看法。	It alters your outlook a bit.
威廉姆斯在2013年12月被确诊为癌症。	Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
幸运的是，他在2014年年初开始了治疗，将影响降到最低，虽然在这种情况下这么说可能并不合适。	The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
我需要拿到工资，因此我必须赶快好起来。	I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
这对我来说是一种激励。	It was an incentive.
我住在医院里，虽然他们说走几步就足够了，但我还是每次绕着病房走上20英尺、30英尺、50英尺。	I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward - 20ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
这就是一切的起点。	That's how it starts off.
赛艇运动本身是一次旅程，而这让这段旅程变得更长一点。	Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
在夺金的那一刻，她们首先想到的是威廉姆斯。今天早上的威廉姆斯比平时略微健谈一些，这是为了克服他的焦虑。	In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
曾是皇家炮兵团队长的斯坦宁之后将前往阿富汗，她表示：“我这周的心情很不好，可能有点极端，但这块金牌的确意义非凡。”	Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said "I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot."
它反复告诉我这对于我而言有多重要，我、海伦以及罗宾付出了多大的努力。	It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
这是海伦、罗宾和我努力了三年的回报。	It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
如果没有罗宾，我们还只是无名小卒，非常感谢他，他是全世界最棒的教练。	Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
我不可能找到比他更棒的训练师和教练。	I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁在五年中未尝败绩。	Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
这对组合所设置的惩罚力度是她们的对手所无法比拟的。	The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
即便是在最后的500米，新西兰队和丹麦队开始逼近时，斯坦宁和格拉芙仍有大量的体能储备。	Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
当时真是惊心动魄。	We were very much in the moment.
海伦叫着：“保持节奏、保持节奏”。	Helen was calling 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
不被对手所影响的确非常重要。	It's really important not to get carried away.
我们有一个很好的开始，同时我们并没有期盼着做什么惊天动地的大事。	We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们没有去想今天的荣耀，我们只是想着划好每一桨和赢得这场比赛，并且我们做到了。	We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
这对组合花了一年时间决定自己的未来。	The pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
格拉芙下个月将与电视探险员史蒂夫·巴克沙尔结婚。	Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
不过现在，她只想享受当下。	For now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
我不想说这是我的最后一场比赛。	I didn't want to say this was my last race.
这会给我带来太大的压力。	That would have meant too much pressure.
在伦敦，我用了约六个月时间才意识到我是奥运冠军。	In London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
这是一种全新的体验，而我感到十分紧张。	It was all so new and I was so stressed.
现在已过去了约4分钟。	Here it took about four minutes.
她表示“我感觉好多了。”	This feels so much better," she said.
洛杉矶中央图书馆的惊艳结构先睹为快	A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
美国建筑史学家学会南加利福尼亚洲分会与新书《洛杉矶中央博物馆：其艺术与建筑历史》的作者阿诺·斯瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉举办了一场沙龙。观众们可通过此次活动进一步了解市中心中央图书馆的历史。	Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture" .
吉和斯瓦茨曼将讨论并分享1926年贝特伦·古德西的设计图片以及1933年哈迪・霍尔兹曼・弗夫尔事务所的修复与扩建图片。	Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
此次沙龙的时间为：8月21日下午2点至4点，地点：Salle Moderne，Art Deco Southwestern School of Law（前Bullocks Wilshire)，3050 Wilshire Blvd。	The salon is set for 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
参加者可以参观中央大厅、时代展室、仙人掌休息室和茶室。	Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
需要提前订票；SAHSCC会员：15美元；非会员：25美元。	Advance tickets are required; SAH/SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
DTLA的开放式工厂阁楼进行了一次舒适的改造。	An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆90周年以及新书的发售	Celebrating L.A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday with - what else? - a new book
保加利亚8个月来首次出现通货膨胀	Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
国家统计结果表明，7月保加利亚的月通货膨胀率为1%。	Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
这是几年来（自2012年6月起） 最高的通货膨胀率。去年10月 （通货膨胀率0.2%） 之后，通货膨胀率首次突破零点。	This is the highest value in years (since June 2012) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0.2% was posted.
相比之前的12个月 （2014年8月至2015年7月），过去12个月 （2015年8月至2016年7月） 的年平均通货膨胀率 （以消费者价格指数衡量）为 -0.8%。	The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
相比2016年6月，2016年7月的消费者价格指数为101.0%，即月通货膨胀率为 1.0%。	The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
今年至今的通货膨胀率 （2016年7月相对于2015年12月） 为 -0.2%。相比2015年7月，2016年7月的年通货膨胀率为 -0.2%。	The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) has been -0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
相比上月，下列几类消费品的价格在2016年7月出现上涨：食品和非酒精饮料 (1.7%)、交通 (1.8%)、娱乐与文化 (6.3%)、餐厅与酒店 (1.2%)、其他商品与服务 (0.3%)。	In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
价格出现下降的有服装与鞋类 (2.2%)、家具、家电和常规维护 (0.5%)、医疗 (0.1%)。	Prices decreased in clothing and footwear (2.2%); furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
与上月价格持平的有酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电、天然气和其他燃料、通信、教育。	Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education.
Snapchat 的“动漫”效果被指讽刺亚洲人	Snapchat "Anime" Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature
Snapchat表示这一滤镜的灵感来自动漫，但一些观察者认为它带有种族色彩。	Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat的1.5亿名日常用户可以通过其滤镜工具改变现实并且将人像变得滑稽可笑。	With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
你可以把自己变成一颗菠萝、一只狗或一个罗伊·利希滕斯坦画中的角色。	You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
这些透镜具有钝化、弯曲特征的效果，每天产生3000多万张经过修饰的自拍。	The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
任何失误都会立刻被公众所注意。	Any missteps quickly enter the public record.
Snapchat透镜曾受到批评，该应用被指鼓动扮演黑人或者以白色皮肤为美。	Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
因此，当该应用本周为一些用户提供了一个可以创造斜眼、怪牙和粉脸效果的滤镜时，一些评论家将其称为对亚洲“黄种人”的种族讽刺。	So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people - "yellowface."
他们甚至认为这些反复出现的问题是否意味着该公司在多样性上存在较大的问题。	And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
在Snapchat表示其删除该功能后，周三The Verge and Motherboard的报道引发众怒。	The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
该公司的解释是：该滤镜是对动漫角色致敬，而非讽刺亚洲人。	The company offered an explanation: The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
但对于经历过种族主义的观察者而言，该滤镜让他们想起了现实中具有伤害性的刻板印象。	But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
其他人也坚决反对这些动漫形象。	Others roundly rejected the anime comparison.
一名针对这些照片发表了推特并且被广泛分享的韩裔美国艺术生在一封电子邮件中表示，这些滤镜“至少是令人感到难受和不适的”。	In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was "hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least."
她还表示：“很难区分极度恶心的亚洲讽刺形象与滤镜的效果。”	She added that "it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
虽然滤镜中不只是黄种人，但黄种人被极端贬低。	It shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
Snapchat并不是唯一一家触及这些文化底线的公司。	Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们携带的设备，美国文化似乎一直在提倡多样性与包容性。	American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
Snapchat庞大的年轻群体由于比老一辈更加注重种族的多元化，因此可能会十分敏感。	And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people - who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts - might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
当Snapchat的一个滤镜产生了侮辱用户的形象时，25岁的朱凯蒂 （音译） 在周四的采访中表示：“相比以前，此类事物更难逃过人们的视线。”	When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, "it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before."
周四，在Medium担任产品经理和工程师的朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat帐号并且鼓励他人也这么做。	On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
在一篇为Medium所写的文章和一次电话采访中，她表示自己认为种族方面的争议反映了Snapchat在招聘过程中缺乏种族多样性。	In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
朱女士批评该公司的员工大多数为白人，领导层全部为男性并且在文章的最后加上了一个标签：#DeleteSnapchat。	Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
作为一名华裔美国人，朱女士表示：“要么他们的员工中没有各色人种，所以才能作出这样的决定，要么他们的员工中有一些有色人种，但他们的职位无法让他们畅所欲言。”	"It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this," Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, "or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up."
其他观察者分享了她没有被Snapchat回应的投诉。	Other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
该公司并未发布有关员工多样性的数据，并且表示自己是一家私人公司。	The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
周四，Snapchat拒绝讨论其员工的种族背景，但一名发言人称，该公司近期雇用了一名招聘人员专门负责关注内部比例较低的人群以及推动内部包容性方面的工作。	On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
朱女士表示，她将关闭她的 Snapchat 帐号：“我想知道他们是否需要更多像我们这样反对这一行为的用户。”	For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, "I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K."
国会小组表示，军事官员扭曲了ISIS的情报	Military Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
一个国会小组在周四发布的报告中指出，美国中央司令部的官员更改了情报报告，将在伊拉克和叙利亚对抗伊斯兰国的战争情况描述得比实际情况更为乐观。	Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
这份中期报告来自一个由众议院军事委员会、情报委员会和众议院拨款委员会国防分委会共和党主席组建的专项工作小组。报告称，中央司令部情报分析员存在“广泛的不满”，这些分析员表示上级正在篡改他们对于美国与伊斯兰国之战的评估。	The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
位于佛罗里达州坦帕的中央司令部 (Centcom) 是负责监管美国在中东和中亚地区的军事行动的军事总部。	Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
根据一份关于该报告的新闻，“经过中央司令部高级领导者审核的情报对于美国反恐行动的描述比实际情况更乐观，并且始终比其他情报机构的分析更乐观。”	"Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U.S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community," a news release about the report said.
加利福尼亚州共和党代表表示：“中央司令部的行为难以令人接受。一边是我们的战士饱受战争之苦，另一边则是高层政策制定者收到错误的分析。”	"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers," said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
中央司令部的领导层问题已延伸到该机构的最高层。	The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
该报告详细指出了2014年和2015年中央司令部在描述和分析美国培训伊拉克军队方面长期存在的问题。	The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
虽然没有确定性的证据表明，奥巴马政府的高层官员下令更改这些报告，但根据报告的描述，这些分析员感到自己受到了来自中央司令部领导者的压力，迫使他们对伊斯兰国 （ISIS或ISIL) 的威胁发表更乐观的意见。	Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
该报告称，“在2015年上半年，许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证言比实际情况要乐观得多。”	"Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events," the report said.
比如，一名中央司令部的官员公开表示可能最早在2015年4月或5月采取一次大型军事行动夺回摩苏尔。	For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔目前仍在伊斯兰国的控制之下。	Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
堪萨斯州共和党代表迈克·蓬佩奥在一份声明中表示：“经过数月的调查，这一结果已十分明显。”	"After months of investigation, this much is very clear," Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
自2014年中期到2015年中期，美国中央司令部的大部分高层情报官员操控了司令部的情报产品，隐瞒了伊拉克伊斯兰国的威胁。	From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
共和党在从分析员那里得知有关伊斯兰国的情报被操控后，成立了一个专项工作小组。	Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
随着调查的继续，继周四发布的这篇报告后将会有更多发现。	The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
国防部总检察长也对中央司令部进行了长期调查。	There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
众议院情报委员会的民主党成员于周四公布了其调查结果，与共和党专项工作小组的部分结论相一致。	Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
委员会民主党领袖代表谢安达在一份声明中表示：2014年至2015年期间，中央司令部针对伊斯兰国和伊拉克维和部队的情报评估制定了一项过于狭隘的流程。”	"Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces," Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
谢安达先生表示，该流程“妨碍了情报的发布”、降低了分析员的士气并且“无法接受不同的意见。”	This process, Mr. Schiff said, "stalled the release of intelligence products," hurt morale among analysts and "insufficiently accommodated dissenting views."
但谢安达先生与民主党人还表示，他们未发现任何证据能够证明白宫试图给中央司令部的分析员施加压力，从而时他们的结论符合“预设或政治叙事。”	But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a "preset or political narrative."
《野兽日报》在周二报导了国会调查的初步结果。	The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
去年八月，《纽约时报》报导了在收到中央司令部分析员的投诉后，五角大楼总检察长开始进行调查。	Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
五角大楼发言人海军少校帕特里克·埃文斯在一份声明中表示，在总检察长的调查未结束前，国防部不对这份国会报告发表任何评论。	Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
但他表示：“专家有时会对复杂数据的解读产生分歧，而情报机构和国防部鼓励就这些重要的国家安全主题进行健康的对话。”	But he said that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics."
此次调查的影响已超过了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否取得 （越来越多国防部官员所声称的) 成功这一问题。	The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding (an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials).
但去年，这些主张使公众质疑奥巴马总统可以在多大程度上信任中央司令部所发布的伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区的军事行动评估。	But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
有关伊斯兰国情报的批评令人想起出十多年前的争议，当时中央司令部情报分析员格雷戈里·胡克撰写了一篇研究文章，文中指出乔治·布什的政府不顾众多分析员的反对，坚持派遣小规模的部队前往伊拉克并且几乎没有考虑2003年入侵后的情况。	The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts" objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
胡克先生在此次关于伊斯兰国情报的反对活动中扮演了关键角色。	Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
去年，有官员表示，胡克先生的团队所得出的结论是针对伊斯兰国炼油厂的空袭并未大幅削减恐怖组织的经济收入，因为该恐怖组织建造了临时炼油厂继续在黑市上出售石油，而这与所公布的声明大相径庭。	Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
根据《时代周刊》9月的报道，中央司令部未对外公布这一发现。	But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
当多名律师审阅了有关对于战争作出过度乐观评估的参议院证词后，中央司令部指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世去年饱受批评。	Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
奥斯汀将军于4月退役，目前由约瑟夫·沃特尔接替他在中央司令部的职位。	General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
美国在女子曲棍球赛中获得四连胜，将与英国一决胜负	U.S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
在6比1战胜日本的比赛中独中三元的凯蒂·巴姆于周四为美国女子曲棍球队率先梅开二度，帮助美国队以3比0战胜印度队。	One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
两场比赛五粒进球堪称技惊四座，但27岁的巴姆却表示她不知道自己有如此出色的表现。	Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
她表示：“我对此一无所知。”	"I have no clue," she said.
我不是那种会记住自己进过几个球的人。	I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals.
她所知道的是美国队在奥运会上已取得四连胜并且将与小组中在周四以2比0战胜了日本队后未尝败绩的英国队争夺小组第一。	Here is what she does know: The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
英国和美国在周六第一轮最后一场比赛中狭路相逢。	Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
两队均以晋级四分之一决赛，这场比赛将决定谁以小组第一的身份出现。	Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
取得小组第一的球队将避免遇到强大的荷兰队，从而能够走得更远。荷兰队以另一小组第一的身份出线。	The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
在周六的比赛中，美国队以惊人的表现创造了奇迹。要知道在四年前的伦敦奥运会上，美国队在12支队伍中垫底。	However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
巴姆也在当时的那支队伍中。	Bam was on that team.
巴姆成长于宾夕法尼亚州布鲁贝尔，在3岁时第一次拿起曲棍球棍 （她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷克塞尔从事这项运动）并且在16岁时加入国家队，成为了迄今为止最年轻的国家队成员。	She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 (her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
由于未能入选最终名单，她错过了2008年奥运会。	She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
2012年，她和她的队友都不被看好。	Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
第二年，英国人克雷格·帕纳姆担任主教练，一切开始发生改变。	The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
巴姆表示：“这是一次文化、心态和实质上的改变。”	"A cultural change, a mental change, a physical change," Bam said.
我们当时在伦敦还未达到目前的水平。	We didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我们来了一次彻彻底底的翻身。	We've made a complete turnaround.
周四晚上，巴姆在上半场以一记近距离反手射门先拔头筹。	On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
印度的在本届比赛中还未尝胜果，但这支队伍表现出了惊人的顽强斗志并且将1比0的比分保持到第三节快结束时，这时巴姆爆发了。	India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
她带球沿球场左侧长途奔袭，随后内切到中路，抽射入网，美国队2比0领先。	She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
梅利萨·冈萨雷斯在第四节中期射入最后一球。	Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
美国对门将杰基·布里吉斯在本届比赛上首次零封对手，在前三场胜利中，对手各打入一球。	The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次她是超常发挥。	She is on a roll.
巴姆也是。	So is Bam.
帕纳姆表示：“我们现在的状态很好”。但究竟有多好还要取决于周六比赛的结果。	"We're in a good place right now," Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.
《丰盛大餐》中大萧条时期的寒酸食物	The Depressing Food of the Depression, in "A Square Meal"
1933年3月，刚刚当选为总统的富兰克林· 德拉诺·罗斯福坐在总统办公室里享用午餐。	In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
作为一名美食家，罗斯福总统喜欢第五大道的美食，比如鹅肝酱和马里兰炖水鱼。	A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
那天，他的菜单十分简单：番茄酱魔鬼蛋、土豆泥和作为点心的果脯布丁。	His menu that day was more humble: deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
珍·齐格曼表示：“这是为了在食物上与正在受苦的人们同甘共苦。”	"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering," Jane Ziegelman said.
她的丈夫安德鲁·科补充道：“这也体现了美国人的饮食方式。”	Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
这对居住在布鲁克林高地的夫妻均为食品历史学家。	The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
科先生的上一本书《炒杂烩菜》是关于美国的中餐，而齐格曼女士在她的《97果园》一书中通过食物讲述了贫民区租客们的生活故事。	Mr. Coe's last book, "Chop Suey," was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book "97 Orchard."
他们共同编写的新书《丰盛大餐》中将在周二由哈珀出版社出版，这本书介绍的是大萧条时期美国的食品历史。	Their new, collaborative work, "A Square Meal," which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
在展示了一些食物方面的共同见解后，他们在艾森博格的三明治店中遇到了一名记者。这个位于熨斗区的简单午餐柜台自1929年经济奔溃时起一直营业到现在。	Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
54岁的齐格曼女士点了一份奶油芝士配碎橄榄三明治，而57岁的科先生点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜拼盘。	Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
记者点了一份烘肉卷，这对夫妻认为这些菜适合讨论大萧条时期的饮食。	When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
齐格曼女士说：“当时面包非常流行。”	"Loaves were very popular," Ms. Ziegelman said.
当时有花生面包、肝脏面包、大豆面包。	There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.
它们都用一种原料和一种能够浇在原料上的便宜浇头制成。	They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
想象一下，你的晚餐都是花生。	Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
科先生扮了个怪相。	Mr. Coe grimaced.
他说道：“它们在你的胃里肯定就像铅一样。”	"It must have sat in your stomach like lead," he said.
在大萧条发生前的几年，美国人顿顿都是自助餐，尤其是在郊区。	In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
一群女人为男农场工人们烧饭，早餐、午餐和晚餐都有刚考出来的馅饼。	Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
一战中，正是美国人将食物送给了饥饿的欧洲人。《丰盛大餐》记录了这个国家是如何突然不再成为一个富足之地。	It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. "A Square Meal" chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
科先生解释了为何他和他的妻子要写这本书：“当时，食物已成为令美国人感到不快的主要话题。”	"This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people," Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
另一个不愉快的话题是寒酸的新食物：面包和炖菜等“迷之食物”成为了主菜，炖菜是“最佳的剩菜烹饪方式”，齐格曼女士说道，这是因为厨师们可以使用酱料中的奶油掩盖难吃的食材。	Equally fraught was the new budget diet: Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a "wonderful way to repurpose leftovers," Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
新鲜的水果被便宜的干果所代替。	Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
多年来一直在美国人餐桌上担任主角的肉已变成了一种稀有的奢侈品。	Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
奇怪的大杂烩只考虑卡路里，比起味道、甚至是基本的烹饪常识，人们最先考虑的是营养。	Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
在研究本书，包括各种食谱的过程中，齐格曼女士制作了一份塞满花生油的烤洋葱。	In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
科先生说道：“这在晚餐的餐桌上并不常见。”	"It was not a popular addition to the dinner table," Mr. Coe said.
齐格曼女士表示：“这也太奇怪了”。	Ms. Ziegelman amplified: "It was surreal."
花生油与烤洋葱根本无法搭配。	Peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion.
这是许多家庭经济餐的特点。	It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
家庭经济学家们影响着这个国家的饮食习惯，比如1923年至1943年担任联邦家庭经济局主厨的路易斯·斯坦利等人，这在历史上是绝无仅有的。	As never before or since, home economists - among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - drove the country's eating habits.
他们在报纸和杂志中发布食谱和文章，鼓励女性“精打细算”并勇于将奶油意大利面配胡萝卜等糟糕的食物变成美食。	Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budgeteers" and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
《丰盛大餐》是一顿丰盛的“历史珍味”。	"A Square Meal" is a feast of historical tidbits.
尤其值得玩味的是政府对于饥饿民众们的回应，比如总统市民赫伯特·胡佛“别人的事我可管不了”的态度。	Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
虽然他公开赞扬了童年时简单的爱荷华州农舍，但他的饮食却像百万富翁一般精致。	While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
科先生表示：“他喜欢吃欧式西餐，比如鱼伴黄瓜酱”。	"He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce," Mr. Coe said.
他穿着一件晚礼服，在一间镀金的餐厅中就餐。	He ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他显然脱离了人民。	He was fabulously out of touch.
如果不是妻子埃莉诺鼓励他在饮食上树立榜样，罗斯福总统可能也会犯相同的错误。	President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
正如本书所言，罗斯福女士所聘用的管家对于味道毫无兴趣，因此白宫里的“食物不仅是华盛顿最难吃的食物，更是烹饪最差的食物。”	As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that "put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared."
当美国一回到正规，许多大萧条时期的烹饪方式就被摒弃。	Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
齐格曼女士表示，所留下的是我们对卡路里和营养的关注以及将科学应用到烹饪中。	The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
这对夫妻表示在写这本书时，他们进一步了解了齐格曼女士母亲的饮食习惯，比如她如何不把食物丢弃。	The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother - how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
科先生说道：“她非常害怕浪费食物。”	"She had a real fear of food waste," Mr. Coe said.
齐格曼女士回忆道：“她实际上让许多人生了病。”	Ms. Ziegelman recalled: "She actually got people sick."
比如曾经发生过一起“奶油泡芙”事件。	There was the cream-puff incident.
在撤掉盘子后，她与科先生拿出了他们在家准备的一份甜品：这就是罗斯福总统在午餐中所吃的果脯布丁。	After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home: the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
齐格曼女士说道：“这叫作奶油果脯，“并且补充道为一道普通的菜起一个新潮的名字是“惯用的伎俩”。	"It's called prune whip," Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
这道甜品中没有生奶油，只有果脯、一点面粉、糖、水和肉桂。	There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
大家都勉为其难地将调羹深入粘稠的棕色糊状物中。	Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
意外的是，这道甜品的味道还不错。	Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
科先生又吃了第二匙、第三匙。	Mr. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
他觉得这是一道可以接受的实惠甜点，便告诉妻子：“加点碎核桃会更好吃。”	Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, "Some chopped walnuts would help."
可惜，OPEC最新月报显示出7月原油产量继续增加，沙特产量更创下新高。	Unfortunately, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
这份报告不禁令市场对OPEC的信誉产生怀疑，油价复苏的道路恐怕仍然布满荆棘。	The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
本周一，OPEC轮值主席兼卡塔尔能源大臣萨达表示，OPEC将在9月26-28日的国际能源论坛期间举行非正式会议。	On Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
OPEC周三公布的月报显示，包括加蓬在内的整个OPEC组织7月产量上升4.6万桶/日，至3311万桶/日。	The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46,000 barrels/day to 33.11 million barrels/day.
OPEC还在月报中表示，原油价格低廉已促使全球炼油商生产更多精炼油品，从而加重了市场供应过剩的程度。	OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
受此消息影响，再加上美国上调原油产量预期和原油库存意外增加，国际油价连续两日收跌。	Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
截至周三收盘，纽约商品交易所9月交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌2.48%，10月交货的伦敦布伦特原油期货价格下跌2.07%。	As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2.48% in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2.07%.
路透社认为，提议召开的产油国会议不太可能令供应明显收紧，美国能源信息署公布的数据也打压市场人气。	Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
伊朗官方通讯社Fars周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的发言称，伊朗的日原油产量最高为385万桶，这是2008年以来的最高水平。	Iran's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3.85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
召开会议的消息刚出，俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克就表示，当前油价下没有进行新一轮冻产谈判的必要。	At the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
上次产油国召开会议已经是4月份的事情，OPEC成员国未能就任何措施达成协议。	It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
BMIResearch石油与天然气分析师理查兹（Emma Richards）表示，市场和媒体可能对OPEC将召开的会议反应过度。	Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
加拿大皇家银行大宗商品策略主管克罗夫特（Helima Croft）表示，OPEC通过释放他们将促成协议的信号来改变市场的情绪。	Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
这个手段就像是引开人视线的烟雾与镜子（故意给人错误印象）。	This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention (deliberately giving a false impression).
德国商业银行大宗商品研究主管温伯格（Eugen Weinberg）称，人们认为OPEC试图通过9月会议稳定市场的可能性很低。	Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was low.
这很可能进一步破坏市场对OPEC的信心，毕竟这个组织上演过一次“狼来了”。	This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a "wolf is coming".
各地要将违规发布医疗广告、投诉举报集中、既往被多次处罚的医疗机构作为抽查重点。	All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
国家卫生计生委、国家中医药管理局将适时组织对部分省份专项监督检查工作开展情况进行督查。	National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
据媒体披露，由于此前资本大规模涌入互联网医药，造成目前产品同质化的问题严重，投资热潮渐退，资本进入观望期。	According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
另据香港艾力彼医院管理研究中心数据显示，创业一年内的互联网医疗公司大量死亡，约20%的初创互联网医疗企业已不复存在。	According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20% of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
然而，就在大部分互联网医疗企业挣扎在A轮或B轮的融资路上的时候，有几家细分领域领先企业仍能获得资本热捧。	However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
看来，互联网医疗创业断不可“一窝蜂”，而是要看准市场需求，沉得下心做专，做深。	It seems that the Internet medical business shall not "swarm", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
鱼跃出资1200.00万元，占注册资本的40%，九州通器械公司出资1800.00万元，占注册资本的60%。	Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40% of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60% of the registered capital.
近年来，随着国家在医疗信息化方面的政策支持，电子化、集成化的供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。	In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
此次鱼跃与九州通的合作正是瞄准了市场的需求，帮助医院搭建先进供应链管理系统，并以此为契机谋求更多合作。	The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
与很多互联网医疗公司贪大求全不同，iBaby从最初就专注于互联网产科垂直领域，深耕孕妈和医生两端。	Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
孕妈不仅可以免费24小时和一对一的主管医生问诊，还可以付费定向寻医问诊。	Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
而在医生端，iBaby通过采取组织专家给基层医生开展在线讲座、同行交流、病例讨论等微讲座的形式，打破地域限制。	At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
目前医生端开设三个板块，分别为医生继续教育、医生社交和医生求助。	At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
提供包括在线学习、病例讨论、学术交流；同医院、同科室医生之间社交平台；医患关系或个人生活所需要的法律援助、创业支持等服务内容。	The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
据媒体报道，CEO王磊近日表示阿里健康“愿意沉下心来”拿下健康大数据。	According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health "is willing to get down" to win big health data.
互联网公司、数据公司缺少专业性，在同一词条上的书写方法上都达不到统一。	Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
阿里目前在医疗健康领域的布局分为三块，分别是阿里健康、天猫医药馆和支付宝未来医院。	The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
王磊坦言，医疗健康创业会比其他行业要难，“这不仅仅是有多少钱的事情，还要沉得下心，耐得住寂寞慢慢去做。”	Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, "This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
连续熬夜看奥运赛事容易损伤心脏	Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily
巴西奥运会赛事正如火如荼地进行，即便赛事播出时在国内是半夜时分，很多市民也会熬夜观看。	Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
对此，医生特别提醒，熬夜看赛事存在健康隐患，有可能引发心血管疾病。	In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
如果长时间熬夜，该激素仍会大量分泌，人体会持续处于紧张兴奋的状态，无法得到正常的恢复，容易引起血管收缩、血压升高，从而引起心血管疾病。	If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
韩志远特别提醒，有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家族病史等心血管危险因素的群体，如果熬夜，会更容易引发心血管疾病。	Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
如果长期熬夜，不仅心血管功能受影响，而且胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统都会受影响，甚至罹患肿瘤的风险也会增大。	If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
对于老年朋友，韩志远建议，尽量不要为了看奥运比赛而熬夜，特别是有心血管疾病史的群体。	For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
在上届“世界杯”足球赛期间，韩志远曾接诊过一名60多岁的患者，其心肌梗塞的引发或与熬夜看比赛有关。	During the last "World Cup" football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
韩志远介绍，今年以来，其科室已接诊了一些25岁左右的心肌梗塞或者脑中风患者，这很大程度上是患者长期熬夜的生活方式造成的。	According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
1.不要每天都熬夜，偶尔熬夜观看最喜欢的体育项目，其他项目不妨等第二天看赛事重播。	1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
2.熬夜时适时补充水分，多吃水果，可预防血管堵塞、增强机体免疫力。	2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
北京时间8月12日消息，2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪三种姿势决赛战罢，中国老将杜丽获得铜牌。	On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
杜丽成为奥运四朝元老，4次奥运共拿下2金1银1铜四块奖牌。	Du Li became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
1998年，进入山东省射击队，跟随王德文教练进行专业的射击训练。	In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
2003年6月，参加射击世界杯克罗地亚站女子10米气步枪金牌并以504.9环打破世界纪录。	In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504.9 rings.
2004年8月，获得女子10米气步枪金牌，为中国代表队在雅典奥运会夺得首金。	In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2008年8月，在50米运动步枪三姿的比赛中以总成绩690.3环破奥运会纪录夺得金牌。	In August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690.3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2012年8月，折戟伦敦奥运会后，杜丽向国际射联申报了暂时退役申请。	In August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum (ISSF).
2015年1月，杜丽宣布重回国家队开始训练，备战里约奥运。	In January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2016年3月，里约奥运选拔赛结束，时隔8年再次获得女子10米气步枪奥运会参赛资格。	In March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日，在里约奥运会女子十米气步枪赛事中，杜丽以207环的成绩获得银牌。	On August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日，在里约奥运会女子50米步枪三种姿势比赛中，获得铜牌。	On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
该片预计于明年初在中央电视台和乐视首播，还将首次推出VR全景纪实版。	The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
纪录片《极地》是一部聚焦地球第三极青藏高原的大型作品，以全新视角讲述藏地传统与现代交融以及西藏与世界互动的故事。	The documentary "Polar" is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
VR作品的最大优势是令观众具有独一无二的观影“沉浸”感，而这也对拍摄过程提出了更高要求。	The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching "immersion" and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
《极地》全景VR特别版的摄制团队表示，他们要确保每一个方位的画面都无可挑剔，让观众有身临其境之感。	The production team of "Polar" Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
8月11日，武警山东总队烟台支队组织特战狙击手冒着34摄氏度的高温来到昆嵛山开展丛林训练。	On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
冷战期间，苏联把导弹运进古巴，差点导致美苏发生核战争。	During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
这一事件被看做冷战的顶峰，史称“古巴导弹危机”。	This event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the "Cuban missile crisis."
但鲜为人知的是，同样是冷战期间，一场强烈的太阳风暴也曾险些导致美国对苏联发动核战争，这一事件直到8月9日才首次由研究人员对外公布。	But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
1967年5月23日，一场强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方位于北极的雷达与无线电通信造成强烈干扰。	On May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹预警系统的一部分，用于监测苏联的导弹。	These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这篇由美国科罗拉多大学研究人员完成的论文采访了当时参与预报与分析太阳活动的美军方人员，并查阅了非保密文献。	This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
论文写道，上世纪60年代，为防止苏联突然发动核战争，美国空军始终有一部分载有核弹头的战机飞在天上。	The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
美军军方指挥官不知道这次干扰的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而非苏联，于是下令使战机进入战斗准备状态。	US military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
幸运的是，美国军方从上世纪50年代末就开始的太阳活动及其对地球电磁干扰的研究，最终阻止了这场潜在的军事冲突。	Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
稍后，他汇总美国空军航空气象处提供的信息，提交了一份详细报告。	Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是，美国军方从此把空间天气视为一项作战关切，并建立了一个更强大的空间天气预报系统。	The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
市民在日常出行中，发现爱车被陌生车辆阻碍了，在联系不上陌生车辆司机的情况下，可以使用“微信挪车”功能解决这一困扰。	During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use "WeChat vehicle moving" function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
8月11日起，西安交警微信服务号“西安交警”推出“微信挪车”服务。	From August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number "Xi'an traffic police" launched "WeChat vehicle moving" service.
这项服务推出后，日常生活中，市民如遇陌生车辆在驾驶人不在现场的情况下阻碍自己车辆行驶时，就可通过使用“微信挪车”功能解决此类问题。	After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via "WeChat" function.
这个新服务功能一是快捷，节省行政成本；二是尊重、保护公民个人隐私；三是全天候、全时段服务。	The new service has many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
只要市民有微信，就可以非常便捷地自行操作，这种方式相对能使移车双方都能比较友好轻松地“相遇”，缓解停车难问题，并可减少涉车的治安案件发生。	Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
另一方面，对于拒不移车、违法停放或妨害通行的车主，西安交管部门表示，交警届时将会根据实际情况采取不同的处置措施，视情况给予处理。	On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle the actual situation based on the actual situation.
8月9日，在丹凤县棣花古镇文化旅游景区，商洛供电公司10余名青年职工来到这里开展“相约古镇情满电力”暨我们的节日·七夕主题活动。	On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the "introduce electricity activity in the ancient town" and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
商洛供电公司丹凤县公司结合精神文明建设工作，积极组织开展“相约古镇情满电力”暨我们的节日·七夕主题活动。	Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the "introduce electricity activity in the ancient town" and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
参加活动的公司职工表示：“自己平时主要精力都用在工作和学习上，缺少时间和平台去和同事、朋友交流。”	Staff who participated in the activities said, "We spent most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends."
“这次公司为我们提供了这样一个轻松、快乐、和谐的平台，我非常喜欢，有意义又不失趣味。”	"This time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting."
七夕活动受到了现场青年职工们的广泛好评，纷纷希望该公司以后多举办这样的活动，与更多其他的青年加强沟通与交流。	Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
备受关注的北京奥运会男单冠军、西班牙巨星纳达尔当日在男单比赛中直落两盘战胜对手晋级八强，男双比赛也晋级决赛。	Nadal, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
作为金满贯得主的纳达尔，对奥运会情有独钟，伤未痊愈的他，此次三线出击，斩获颇丰。	Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
他和队友洛佩兹将在男双决赛中与罗马尼亚选手特卡乌和梅格亚争夺金牌。	He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
里约奥运会女单项目遭遇到多名种子选手退赛，经过几天激烈的争夺，女单四强１１日全部产生。	Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
科维托娃将与普伊格争夺一张决赛的入场券，而另外一个决赛席位将在凯斯和科贝尔之间产生。	Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
女双比赛的四强也全部产生，半决赛的对阵分别是：辛吉斯／巴辛斯基对赫拉德卡／赫拉瓦科娃；马卡洛娃／维斯尼娜对斯特里科娃／萨法洛娃。	The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the semi-finals: Hingis/Basinsky vs. Hradeca/Heravacova; Makarova/Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova/Safarova.
这一天进行的混双比赛也决出了八强，不过头号种子马胡／加西亚组合的落马，以及纳豆组合的退赛，令混双比赛略有些失色。	The final eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu/Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
2015年4月27日，美国和日本在纽约联合发表新版《美日防卫合作指针》，允许日本武装力量在全球扮演更具进攻性的角色。	On April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of "US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines" in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
这是当日美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田文雄和日本防卫大臣中谷元在纽约出席新闻发布会。	This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
这是中国民间智库第五次发表日本军力评估报告，也是第四次推出英文版。	This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
报告分9章，包括总体政策调整、军事实力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、体制编制改革、军事训演、对外军事安全合作、对华军事安全关系等内容。	The report is divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告称，2015年是安倍政府在安全领域连续数年推进重大政策调整的阶段性收官之年。	The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
此后，日本在安全领域的举措将主要是在法制运用、战略贯彻、政策落实等操作层面，而不是框架、机制和政策的大幅调整和变动。	Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
报告强调，安倍内阁试图通过以上三点突破，达到推动日本“正常国家化”、自卫队走出去介入国际安全事务、强化日美同盟、防华制华的多重目的。	The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's "normal nationalization", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
此前，中国战略文化促进会先后于2012年6月5日、2013年7月19日、2014年7月23日、2015年6月30日发布过日本军力评估报告。	Previously, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了一组美国驻华大使官邸的图集。	British "Financial Times" on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
文章称，与之形成对比的是，美国大使官邸从外观来看，完全可以在下一部改编自约翰勒卡雷冷战间谍小说的电影中作为安全屋。	According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
官邸是灰色的，并用外围防护栏、第二层内墙、带刺铁丝网以及车辆路障层层严密防守。	The residence is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
补齐公共体育设施短板	Improvement of public sports facilities
黑乎乎的煤场仓库，变成“绿草如茵”的足球场；红砖尖顶的厂房，变成现代化的运动馆。	Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a "green grass" football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
在全民健身日，杭州望江门外的南落马营体育文化公园，揭开了神秘的面纱。	On the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
这里曾是煤场，十多年前关闭后一直闲置，留下了大量的违法建筑和生活垃圾。	It was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
这里经过整治后，成了体育文化公园，并将于11月正式对外开放，向市民免费提供运动场所，也无疑为全民体育开辟了全新的沃土。	After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
这不禁让人想起杭州陈经纶体校，这座中国泳坛的“黄埔军校”游出了多名世界冠军。	This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a "Whampoa Military Academy" in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
泳坛名将源源不断地产生，生动地诠释了竞技体育与全民体育之间的关系——丰厚的群众基础为选拔专业选手提供了良好的条件。	Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
竞技体育的水平与全民体育的基础密切相关，竞技体育在一定意义上取决于全民体育，而全民体育又取决于场地条件。	The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
据报道，截至2015年，我国的人均体育场地面积虽然已是新中国成立时的150倍，但仍远远落后于体育强国。	According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
今年6月，国务院印发了《全民健身计划（2016-2020年）》，将发展群众体育作为重点内容。	In June this year, the State Council issued a "National Fitness Program (2016 - 2020)" and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
为了补齐这块短板，一方面，相关部门在进行城市规划时要充分考虑到体育场馆的布局。	In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
另一方面，已建成的公共体育场馆，包括学校等单位里的体育场馆，应尽量扩大开放范围，尽可能地提高使用效率。	On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
目前正如火如荼进行着的里约奥运会，激发着人们的运动热情，也唤醒了大家的参与意识。	The Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
吉利德在与默克的丙型肝炎专利之争中获得律师费	Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
根据美国地区法官的判决，吉列德科学公司有权获得在与制药公司美国默克集团的丙型肝炎专利诉讼中所产生的律师费。	Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U.S. district judge has ruled.
六月，在美国法官发现默克公司存在违法行为，包括作伪证和其他不道德行为之后，吉列德免于支付因吉利德的畅销药品索非布韦和哈沃尼侵犯默克公司的两项专利而产生的2亿美元赔偿款。	In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U.S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
在周四的诉讼中，美国地区法官贝斯·兰博松·弗里曼表示，吉利德无需承担因辩护所产生的费用。	In a filing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
默克公司正在试图追赶统治新一代丙型肝炎药物市场的吉列德。吉列德的药物可以治愈90%以上的肝炎患者。	Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
该案最早要追溯到2013年，当时吉利德和默克互相起诉对方，双方都声称自己是吉利德药物中的有效成分 —— 索非布韦的实验室工作的所有者。	The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
美国支持的部队宣布他们已从伊斯兰国手中夺回曼比季	U.S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
部队发言人于周五表示，城内残留的伊斯兰国士兵已全部离开，美国支持的部队已完全控制土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比季。	U.S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
在躲进城内的激进分子离开后，叙利亚民主力量 (SDF) 现在正在对全城进行扫荡。	Syria Democratic Forces (SDF) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量同盟曼比季军事委员会的莎兰·达尔维什告诉路透社，他们已解救了2,000多名被激进分子劫持的平民。	They had freed over 2,000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他告诉路透社：“曼比季现在全在我们的控制之下，但我们仍在进行扫荡。”	"The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations," he told Reuters.
克林顿夫妇2015年收入为1075万美元，缴纳了34.2%的联邦税	Clintons earned $10.75 million in 2015, paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate
希拉里·克林顿于周五公布了其2105年的纳税申报单，申报单显示这位民主党总统候选人和她的丈夫2015年的收入为1075万美元，并且缴纳了34.2%的联邦税。	Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $10.75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
2015年，克林顿夫妇的慈善捐款金额为100万美元，其中大部分捐助给了克林顿基金会；前总统比尔·克林顿的演讲费达到近530万美元，而前国务卿凭借一本关于她在国务院任职期间的书从出版商西蒙与舒斯特那里获得了300万美元的收入。	In 2015, the Clintons made $1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $5.3 million in speaking fees; and the former secretary of state reported income of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
克林顿的竞选伙伴——弗吉尼亚州联邦国参议员蒂姆·凯恩和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿公布了10年的纳税申报单。	Clinton's running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
两人2015年缴纳了20.3%的联邦税。	They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20.3 percent in 2015.
克林顿的竞选助手詹妮弗·帕尔米耶里在一份声明中表示：希拉里·克林顿和蒂姆·凯恩将继续成为财务透明的标杆。”	"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
与之形成鲜明对比的是，唐纳德·特朗普以虚假的理由进行掩盖并且收回了他之前所作出的公布纳税申报单的承诺。	In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
虽然法律没有要求，但按照惯例，美国总统候选人应公开他们的纳税申报单。	It is customary for U.S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
作为一名纽约商人，特朗普以及他的律师将美国国税局的审计作为拒绝公布纳税申报单的理由。	Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在推特上表示由你们做主，并且附上了民主党候选人的纳税申报单链接。	"Your move," Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
周四，特朗普的特别法律顾问迈克尔·科恩向CNN表示，在审计完成前他不会允许特朗普公布纳税申报单。	On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
批评特朗普的人，包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼和其他共和党人表示特朗普拒绝公布纳税申报单会引发对其资本净值、慈善捐款、商业交易和各种其他关系的质疑，包括与俄罗斯的关系。	Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
克林顿抓住这一问题猛烈抨击，于周五发布了一段网络视频，突出高调的民主党人敦促特朗普公布其纳税情况。	Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
周四，她在密歇根州的经济政策演讲中提出了这个问题。	On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
她对众人说：“几十年来，他拒绝像其他总统候选人那样公布自己的纳税申报单。”	"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns," she told the crowd.
根据《政客新闻网》的报道，特朗普在上世纪九十年代有两年几乎没有缴纳过一分钱的税，《纽约时报》商业专栏作家于周五引用了多位税务律师和会计的话，他们均表示目前的情况可能依然如此。	Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
联邦税已成为总统竞选中的一大问题。	Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
克林顿用身价亿万的投资家沃伦·巴菲特的名字命名了一条规定，保证年收入超过100万美元的人至少缴纳30%的税。	Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
奥巴马总统也支持这项提议。	President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.
上周，克林顿在伯克希尔·哈撒韦公司所在的内布拉斯加州奥马哈举行了一次集会，巴菲特在会上要求特朗普见面并交换纳税申报单。	At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
巴菲特表示，他也正在接受IRS的审计，特朗普“害怕的”不是税务机关，而是选民。	Buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is "afraid" not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
克林顿竞选小组所公布的最早的纳税申报单为2007年。	Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
目前居住在纽约查巴克的克林顿夫妇在2007年至2014年期间所缴纳的平均联邦税率达到约32%，综合税率约40.5%。	The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
克林顿夫妇2015年的纳税申报单显示，与大部分美国人不同，他们的工资收入只有100美元。	The Clintons' 2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $100 of their income came from wages.
他们的主要投资是低成本的指数共同基金，并且克林顿夫妇的分红和利息收入为 109,000美元。	Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $109,000.
凯文·卓鲍报道；乔纳森·奥迪斯编辑	Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
犹太电影制片人批评柏林酒店按照阿拉伯客户的“要求”删除以色列电话代码 —— 路透社新闻	Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab "request" - RT News
一位有着犹太血统的法国电影制片人向媒体透露，位于柏林的凯宾斯基酒店没有列出以色列的电话代码，并且酒店员工表示这是按照阿拉伯客户的“要求”，这引发了舆论一片哗然。	A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing "requests" from Arabic customers.
犹太人大屠杀纪录片《浩劫》的作者克劳德·朗兹曼表达了他对凯宾斯基酒店的失望，并且在德国《法兰克福汇报》上发表了一封公开信。	Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary "Shoah," vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
在最近入住期间，朗兹曼想在酒店提供的电话代码列表上找到以色列。	During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
但以色列没有在客人可以直接从房间通话的国家之列。	The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
以色列居然在2016年德国的首都柏林消失了？	How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated?
朗兹曼写道。	Lanzmann wrote.
取而代之的是，客人可以通过凯宾斯基酒店的呼叫中心拨打以色列电话。	Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
为了寻求解释，这位电影制片人询问了酒店的前台。	Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
朗兹曼在信中表示，他在前台得到的回答“令他感到震惊”。	The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote "shocked him."
酒店人员表示，这是“凯宾斯基酒店管理层刻意作出的决定”。	The hotel's clerk said that the measure was "a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels."
而这么做的理由更是让这位电影制片人感到愤怒。	The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
朗兹曼引用了这名员工的原话：我们的大部分客人都是阿拉伯人，他们要求删除以色列的代码。”	"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted," the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
根据《南德日报》的报道，以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯·汉德尔斯曼将这件事称为“奇耻大辱”。	Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a "great shame," Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
得知这一事件，我们感到大吃一惊。	We were appalled and shocked by the incident.
这件事本身就是一个巨大的耻辱。	It is in itself a great shame.
而发生在德国和那家连锁酒店更是丢人现眼。	The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
这件事无需任何解释。	That needs no explanation.
“我们希望该酒店能够得出正确的结论，”该官员表示。	We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions," the official said.
这一事件在网上引发了热议，大家都认为这是一桩丑闻。	The incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
有人认为凯宾斯基酒店简直是为了满足阿拉伯客户的要求而“卑躬屈膝”。	Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply "caved in" to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
另一个帖子直指酒店“真不要脸”，并且指出这家位于著名的库达姆大街的大街就在一座犹太教会堂附近。	"Shame on you," another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
据《明镜周刊》的报道，酒店很快对所有指控予以澄清，声称一切都是“疏忽”并且向朗兹曼表示“歉意”。	The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an "oversight" and "apologizing" to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
《南德日报》引用了凯宾斯基代表的话：“从来没有下达过将以色列从快速拨号列表中删除的直接命令”。	"There was never a direct order" not to include Israel in the fast dial list," Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
该报还表示以色列代码已加入到列表中。	It adds that the code was now added.
警方使用催泪瓦斯和橡胶子弹驱逐抗议的巴西学生	Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
周四，在巴西圣保罗，学生在抗议政府公共教育体系改革的过程中与警方发生了冲突。	Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
警方使用催泪瓦斯和橡胶子弹驱逐抗议者。	Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
此次事件的起因是执法部门官员试图驱散学生，因此警方使用了橡胶子弹和催泪瓦斯。	The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
几百名学生参加了此次游行，表达了他们对这些方案的不满。	Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
为了节省资金，圣保罗州州长奥克明计划关闭100所公立学校，30万名学生将转校。	Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
一些参加抗议的学生通过墙上的涂鸦表达了对临时总统米歇尔·特梅尔的不满。	Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
就在最近的一次抗议发生前几天，抗议者集体走上街头，支持被国家参议院弹劾的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫。	This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
苏格兰自行车手卡尔姆·斯金纳夺得自行车金牌后载誉而归	Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold
苏格兰自行车手卡尔姆·斯金纳昨晚在里约自行车赛场男子团体竞速赛帮助英国三人组继2012年伦敦奥运会之后成功卫冕奥运会金牌。	Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
这位23岁的格拉斯哥自行车手代替了他的苏格兰同胞——克里斯·霍伊爵士，成为了队伍的中坚。当年轻的斯金纳击败夺冠热门新西兰队并载誉而归时，就连这位传奇自行车手也为他感到骄傲。	The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
四年前，英国队一鸣惊人，而霍伊夺得了个人六块奥运会金牌中的第五块。	Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
英国队在三月伦敦的世界单车场地锦标赛上仅名列第六，霍伊自此退役。然后，英国队再创辉煌。	And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
在北京奥运会到伦敦奥运会期间，英国队的问题在于换掉了“第一圈专家”杰米·斯塔夫。	The issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
车队正是在辛德斯出现时才这么做的。	They did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
霍伊的退役也留下了一个空白，而奇恩·伊玛迪和马特·克兰普顿都想来填补这个空白。	Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
在看到斯金纳的潜力后，英国男队教练组坚持让他入选国家队，而斯金纳最终也不负众望。	Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳的搭档是四年前与霍伊一同夺得金牌的辛德斯和肯尼。三人在资格赛中刷新了奥运会纪录，但这一成绩在第一轮被新西兰队所超越。	Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
而这三位英国自行车赛最终击败对手，夺得金牌。	And the British trio won the duel for gold.
虽然辛德斯稍有落后，但肯尼为团队取得领先，斯金纳将这一领先优势保持到了最后。	Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
战略的改变是这一逆转的关键，辛德斯选择了较大的飞轮，因此速度较慢，而这让肯尼，尤其是斯金纳能够保持速度。	A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
霍伊以BBC评论员的身份观看了比赛。斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯在登上领奖台时看到了他。	Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
23岁的格拉斯哥自行车手斯金纳表示：“这让我受宠若惊。”	The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said: "It's a flattering comparison."
我只是尽我所能，让自己扬名立万而已。	I'm just out there to do my best and make a name for myself.
我们在决赛中创造了奥运会纪录并且击败了世界冠军。	We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
这太令人难以置信了。	It was just incredible.
没有什么比这场胜利更棒了。	There's no better way to win it.
在2012年伦敦奥运会上与肯尼和霍伊夺得金牌后，辛德斯承认在起步不佳的情况下故意摔落在赛道上。	After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
后来，他撤回了这番评论，而英国队的对手们也无法上诉。	He later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
而这次的胜利没有任何此类问题。	There was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
辛德斯表示：“这就像在伦敦，站台上都是英国的国旗。”	Hindes said: "It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand."
我们在三个月前才刚刚组队。	We all as a team came together in the last three months.
我们已经丢掉了很多世界冠军，所以能够卫冕奥运冠军太令人感到惊讶了。	We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
这对于在北京奥运会和伦敦奥运会上夺得10块场地自行车赛金牌中的7块的英国队而言只是一场比赛、一块金牌而已。	That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
如果这象征着过去五个月我们所取得进步，那么我们将在未来五天继续在自行车馆取得成功。	If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
根据肯尼所展现的状态，他并非没有可能再现霍伊在一届奥运会上夺得三块金牌的壮举。	With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
如果是这样的话，比霍伊年轻12岁并且同样在3月23日 （这一天似乎是英国体育界的神圣日子，史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特也是在这一天出生的) 出生的肯尼将拥有6块金牌和1块银牌。	That would see Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March (that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
这一成绩与霍伊持平。	That would be the same as Hoy's.
肯尼接下来将出战于今天开始、为期三天的竞速赛。	Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
这位28岁的博尔顿人表示：“我暂时会专注于这项比赛。	The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying this one for now.
团队赛始终是最棒的。	The team event is always the best.
你可以与队友一起赢得比赛。	You get to win it with your mates.
坦率地讲，一个人获胜有点孤独。	It's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.
辛德斯表示：“如果他能夺得另两块金牌，那么他应该会被授予爵士封号。”	Hindes said: "If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood."
这是当天唯一一场产生奖牌的比赛，但英国队收到了其他好消息。	It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
布拉德利·威金斯爵士、艾德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·杜尔以最快成绩晋级四人四公里团体追逐赛。	Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
他们的成绩是351.943。	They finished in 3:51.943.
而2012年伦敦奥运会金牌获得者的世界纪录是351.659。	The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3:51.659.
第一轮和决赛 （晚上10点42分） 于今天第二比赛日举行，威金斯无疑将成为万众瞩目的焦点。	The first round and final (10.42pm) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
昨天他在资格赛前与比赛官员发生了争执，当时比赛官员让他测量身高。	He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
在将于明天结束的女子组比赛中，劳拉·特洛特、乔安娜·罗瑟尔·尚德、埃莉诺·巴克和来自米尔盖的凯特·阿奇博尔德以新的世界纪录413.260晋级。	In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4:13.260.
英国队依靠强大的其场地自行车队在奥运会中期占据主动并且囊获多枚奖牌。	Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
在北京和伦敦奥运会上展现其绝对统治地位后，英国自行车队在前往里约的过程中让大家略感失望。	After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
期间发生了许多波折，包括四月技术总监肖恩·萨顿因性别歧视和欺凌指控而辞职以及霍伊、维多利亚·彭德尔顿等传奇人物的退役。	There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
但自行车馆的首个比赛夜足以证明英国队将再度上演关键时刻达到巅峰状态的传奇。	However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
在小生命来到这个世上之后，爸爸妈妈们就要对这个生命负责，这个负责不仅仅在于孩子的身体健康上，还在于精神的发展上，也就是教育。	After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
如果在子女的教育上失败，那么即使事业再成功，也无法弥补生活的缺憾、家庭的失败。	If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
当一个新生命降临的时候，新爸新妈们就需要花费时间精力来照看和教育孩子，对他负责。	When a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
而负责任，除了体现在身体的护养，让他们健康，还在于精神的教育，也就是让孩子学习如何做人，如何成人，如何成功。	And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母需要经常的陪伴孩子，给孩子关爱，耐心的照顾，另外还需要教孩子养成文明的言行举止，让孩子更好的学习知识，提升智力。	Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
父母的一言一行都会影响到孩子的成长，他们会模仿自己的父母，也就是人们常说的龙生龙，凤生凤，老鼠的儿子会打洞，父母什么样孩子就什么样。	Parents' words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, "like father, like son". Your son will be the same as you.
所以父母在孩子面前需要做个好榜样，规范自己的言行，培养自己优秀品格，这些都可以间接的帮助孩子塑造良好的心性，让他更加优秀。	So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
艾米是一个聪明漂亮的女孩。	Amy is a smart and pretty girl.
她性格外向活泼，能与朋友们很好地相处，对环境的适应能力也不错。	She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
但艾米心里有一个小小的秘密：她不能长久将注意力集中在她要做的学习、工作任务上。	But Amy has a little secret in her heart: she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.
这个秘密陪伴艾米很久了。平时问题并不严重》	This secret is accompanied by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
即便通过分散的，模块化的时间来学习和工作，她也基本上都可以完成任务，并取得不错的成绩。	Even though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
但是，当任务重，时间紧的时候，艾米就感觉到非常痛苦和折磨。	However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
个体对于自我暴露及其情绪体验的抵抗，其目的在于不使个体的自我认识与自尊受到威胁。	The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
也有些行为主义心理学家把阻抗理解为个体对于其行为矫正的不服从。	And some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
我试着让艾米做了一个练习，让她通过呼吸放松的方式让自己平静下来，去感受那份煎熬。	I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the way to calm down and feel the torment.
而一旦离开那个被困住的情境，她感觉自己放松下来，重新获得了自由。	And once he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
现年63岁的流浪者韩某与另一流浪汉肖某酒后发生争执，遂持刀将其扎死。	The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
韩某称案发前他和流浪汉肖某都住在东城区一胡同内的地上，两人相距20多米。	Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩某称，案发当天，他俩被朋友叫去一起喝酒，两人在吃饭时和饭后曾两次发生争执。	Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩某称，他怕肖某打他，就从垃圾堆捡来一把水果刀，将其扎死。	Han said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
庭上，被害人家属要求韩某赔偿丧葬费、死亡赔偿金等共计53万余元。	At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530,000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
Uber进入台湾市场4年，对当地传统出租车行业产生了不小的冲击。	4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry.
台湾《联合报》8月12日消息称，12日上午逾百辆出租车绕行台湾“行政院”以示抗议，导致周边出现严重交通瘫痪现象。	According to the information of Taiwan "United Daily News" on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
台北市司机工会理事长郑力嘉却表示，Uber来台4年，台当局这月底才召开会议，司机们已无法再等。	It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
然而政府言而无信，一拖再拖。	However, the government eat their words and delayed again and again.
属于底层劳工的守法出租车司机，却要与违法却不受限制的Uber竞争，感到被当局欺骗。	The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
原标题：江苏一养殖场2000只鸡被法院查扣场主擅自变卖获刑	Original title: The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2,000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
判决生效后，因李某没有自动履行判决确定的义务，王某向沭阳法院申请强制执行。	After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
2014年10月16日，沭阳法院作出民事裁定，裁定对李某所有养殖场内蛋鸡2000只予以扣押，未经允许不得转移、变卖。	On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2,000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
李某在收到扣押裁定后，在未经沭阳法院许可的情况下，私自将该养殖场内被扣押的部分蛋鸡卖掉。	After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
至2015年3月8日沭阳县公安局勘查时，养殖场内只剩蛋鸡142只。	Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
记者8月12日获悉，北京2022年冬奥会和冬残奥会组织委员会发布公告表明，北京冬奥组委继承北京冬奥申委会徽、标志等知识产权。	On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬奥组委许可，任何人不得将北京冬奥申委会徽、标志用于商业目的。	Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
国家发展改革委产业协调司负责人今天在此间指出，钢铁产能过剩是全球性问题。	The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
我国近年产能利用率均高于全球平均水平，也高于美欧等国家和地区。	China's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
我国已经采取坚决有效的措施化解过剩产能，而且成效正在逐步显现。	China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually emerging.
该负责人指出，对钢铁产能过剩这一全球性问题，党中央国务院高度重视。	The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
各部门、各地区积极贯彻落实国务院部署，认真开展工作，今年要压减粗钢产能4500万吨左右。	All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
从我国国情出发，我国并不鼓励钢材出口，相反，还采取一系列切实措施控制钢材出口。	From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
这位负责人强调，钢铁产品国际贸易本质上讲是市场行为，是源于进口国需求、消费者综合考虑产品性价比等因素后的自主选择。	The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁产业的发展问题，相反，只会对国际贸易秩序造成进一步冲击。	The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
在谈到债务时，该负责人强调，化解债务问题是化解过剩产能过程中需要妥善处理好的重要问题。	When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
由于钢铁企业资产规模大，涉及面广，一些企业的债务关系复杂，如果处置不当，有可能引发区域性风险。	As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
据该负责人介绍，近年来，随着经济下行压力加大，社会总需求逐步减弱，部分行业产能利用率下降，企业生产经营困难加大。	According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
一些企业不适应市场环境变化，生产经营难以为继甚至濒临倒闭，但受一些体制机制因素制约，以市场化方式退出的障碍较多，成为“僵尸企业”。	Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become "zombie enterprises" due to many obstacles to the market.
这类企业的存在，扭曲了市场信号，降低了要素资源利用效率，增加了社会管理成本，妨碍了公平竞争市场环境的建立。	The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
导致亏损的主要原因与全球钢铁行业面临的困境一样——市场需求不振、产能利用率低。	The main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry - weak market demand and low utilization rate.
我国主要采取市场机制、经济手段和法治办法，政府主要是做好职工兜底和社会稳定工作，保证公平公正的市场秩序。	China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
这位负责人强调，下一步，要坚定不移继续抓好去产能工作，确保完成5年化解粗钢产能1亿~1.5亿吨的目标任务。	The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
10日下午，中国旅游警察在莫斯科红场一亮相，就立刻引起了人们的注意，中国游客怀着惊喜纷纷挥手致意，当地人和外国游客不禁驻足回望。	In the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
当天，中国首支专业旅游警察队伍——海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察支队的成员来到莫斯科红场，和当地执勤的旅游警察交流学习。	On the same day, China's first professional travel police team - members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
莫斯科旅游警察在红场、尼科利斯基步行街、古姆百货商场等地分成三个小组执勤巡逻，中国旅游警察一起跟岗学习，整个过程持续了一个多小时。	Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
女警官柳希涅今年20多岁，通晓英语和西班牙语，她去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。	Female police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
他一路上仔细观察俄罗斯同行的一言一行，并不时地与她进行交流。	He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her from time to time.
当遇到西班牙游客前来咨询时，莫斯科旅游警察用流利的西班牙语为对方进行了耐心讲解，这给王冰留下深刻印象。	When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with fluent Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
“莫斯科旅游警察每个人都掌握外语，有的还会两门以上，这对我们触动非常大。”	"Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot."
“海南作为国际旅游岛，正在逐步重视吸引国际游客，我们希望提高自身能力来匹配国际旅游岛的地位。”	"Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attract international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of international tourism island."
当天在跟岗学习前，中国旅游警察还到莫斯科市旅游警察大队驻地与他们的俄罗斯同行进行交流。	On the current day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
“我常常与中国旅游者打交道，看到他们来到俄罗斯旅游非常高兴。”	"I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia."
“他们通常求助的问题是：路怎么走，某个纪念碑在哪里，怎么打出租，怎么回到旅馆。”	"Their usual questions are: where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel."
莫斯科市旅游警察大队大队长雷萨科夫说，近年来莫斯科的城市环境和旅游氛围变得越来越好，对外国游客的吸引力日益增加。	Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
为适应旅游发展需要，2014年7月成立旅游警察队伍，负责在各大景点巡逻保卫，帮助和疏导游客。	In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
目前，所有莫斯科旅游警察都熟练掌握英语，部分还掌握西班牙语和德语。	At present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
警察大队根据外语水平将他们分成9个小组，每周上2次课，学习自卫招式、法律法规和外语。	The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
“目前有两名旅游警察开始学习汉语，已经说得不错了，我们还要继续提高他们的汉语水平，”雷萨科夫说。	"At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level," Lysakov said.
雷萨科夫告诉记者，莫斯科旅游警察自组建以来，已经积累了一定的经验，希望能对三亚同行有所启发。	Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
他认为，俄中两国警察部门合作将提升本国公民到对方国家旅游的安全感。	He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
“莫斯科旅游警察的人员招录、警务模式、装备配备，以及与游客的良好互动给我们带来了很多启发，”陈晓昆说。	"The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration." Chen Xiaokun said.
中新网记者梳理发现，目前至少已有河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等9个省市出台了居住证实施细则。	Chinanews journalist found that there are at least nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
对于申领居住证的条件，上述地区普遍提出，需居住半年以上，符合有合法稳定就业、合法稳定住所、连续就读条件之一。	For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements: having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
中新网记者注意到，在居住证提供的待遇方面，各地“含金量”不一，与国家版的规定相比，一些地区提供的公共服务和便利的范围有所扩大。	Chinanews journalist noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the "gold content" is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
这些地区均增加了子女在满足相关条件下可在当地参加中高考的便利。	These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
此外，北京等多地还明确要求，逐步扩大提供公共服务和便利的范围，并定期向社会公布。	In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
如，福建提出，至少每3年向社会公布一次居住证持有人享受的公共服务和便利的范围。	For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
《居住证暂行条例》规定，对符合居住证办理条件的，公安机关应当自受理之日起15日内制作发放居住证。	"Residence Permit Provisional Regulations" provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
对于发证时限，大部分地区跟国家版的意见一致，即在15日内发放。	For the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
河北明确，对符合申领条件、材料齐全的，居住地公安派出所应自受理之日起3个工作日内发放居住证。	Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西规定，符合居住证申领条件且证明材料齐全的，公安机关应当自受理之日起5个工作日内制作发放居住证。	Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
按照《居住证暂行条例》规定，上述地区均明确，首次申领居住证，免收证件工本费。	In accordance with the "residence permit provisional regulations", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
如，四川要求，各地公安派出所或者受委托的社区服务机构要严格执行核定的收费项目及收费标准，坚决禁止超范围、超标准收费或搭车收费。	For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
经查，2016年7月27日，原赣州市定南县委书记陈阳霞到省纪委报到上班，担任党风政风监督室主任（副厅长级，试用期一年）。	It was found that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room (deputy director-general, one year's probation period).
当晚饮用的红酒由黎友才个人提供，其他费用由刘某某个人承担。	The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Liu.
江西省纪委通报称，陈阳霞、程子亮等人在私人会所组织和接受吃请，违反了中央八项规定精神，触犯了党的纪律。	Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
博格巴上赛季在意大利杯中吃到两张黄牌，根据规则将自动禁赛一场。	Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
虽然他已经转会回到了英超，但是英足总仍然将其累计禁赛顺延至英超赛场。	Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup (FA Cup) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
如此一来，在8月14日客场迎战伯恩茅斯的比赛中，博格巴将作壁上观，他重返曼联的首秀将延至20日与南安普顿的主场比赛。	In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
作为2014年的首轮12号新秀，萨里奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA，并加盟费城76人队。	As the No.12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
萨里奇身为一个年轻的欧洲球员，很多球迷对他并不是很了解，但是通过本届奥运会，相信萨里奇的表现给人们留下了很深的印象。	As a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
上一场克罗地亚险胜西班牙的比赛，萨里奇在最后时刻成功封盖掉保罗-加索尔试图将比赛拖入加时的篮下进攻。	In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul - Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
近日，76人队主帅布雷特-布朗给予萨里奇很高的评价，这位马刺系主帅认为他在萨里奇看到了年轻时的马努-吉诺比利的影子。	Recently, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
很显然，萨里奇已经展现出了他的天赋，并且让76人对他充满期待。	It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 76 people full of expectations.
克罗地亚在本届奥运会上的前两场比赛，萨里奇一共得到24分、17个篮板和12次助攻。	In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
上半场，萨里奇展现出了他在场上拉开空间的能力，通过与队友的挡拆之后，他在三分线外能命中投篮。	In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
虽然目前这支76人的内线囤积了不少有天赋的年轻球员，但是他们并不具备萨里奇的外线能力。	Although the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
从盖帽到发动长传快攻并完成助攻，当今NBA赛场上能做到这点的内线球员屈指可数。	From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
自从本届奥运会开始以来，萨里奇在3场比赛里场均得到13分、8个篮板和5次助攻，表现堪称全面。	Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自从2014年夏天决定重返骑士队以来，詹姆斯连续签了两份1+1的合同。	James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
随着NBA现今这份劳资协议即将进入最后一年，作为NBA球员工会的副主席，詹姆斯将会身处劳资协议谈判的最前线。	Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
鉴于联盟收入的大幅提升，这得感谢新的电视转播协议，以及老板和球员之间关于如何处理这笔钱的争斗，外界担心NBA将会在明年夏天陷入停摆。	The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
但是对于詹姆斯来说，他在明年夏天不用担心自己会成为自由球员，因为他已经与骑士队续约了一份3年期合同。	But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
无论2017-18赛季从什么时候正式开始，詹姆斯都是在合同之内的。	No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
自iPhoneSE惊艳亮相之后，手机市场也迎来了小屏机的热潮。	Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
前不久，努比亚也推出了其Z11系列的首款作品：nubiaZ11mini。	Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series: nubiaZ11mini.
nubiaZ11mini延续了其一贯的卓越拍照基因，并配备了单手更易握持的5.0英寸屏幕、便捷易用的后置指纹识别，成就了其出众的使用体验。	NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5.0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
nubia旗下刚刚上市的小屏拍照手机Z11mini降价200元，即从原来的1499元降至1299元。	A small screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
在外观方面，nubiaZ11mini采用了一块5英寸的1080P屏幕，正面下方依旧是经典的“小红圈”设计。	In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic "little red circle" design is below on the front side.
中框为金属材质，底部采用对称式设计并配置了Type-C数据接口。	The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
波特兰冶炼厂的未来因供电合同的取消而充满不确定性	Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract
由于为工厂供电的电力公司透露了一名工厂所有人将终止一份供应合同，从而使所有供应合同失效，位于维多利亚的波特兰铝冶炼厂以及工厂数百名工人目前正面临着不确定的未来。	The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
这一举措发生在维多利亚政府决定不继续发放保证工厂运营的补贴之后。	The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
这笔为期20年的固定补贴将在11月终止。	A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
美铝公司波特兰工厂的2000名工人可能面临失业。	Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
一旦工厂关闭，可能有多达2000人直接或间接失业。	As many as 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk with any closure.
并且由于该工厂的用电量占到维多利亚全部电力输出的约10%，因此可能还会产生连锁反应。	And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
2014年，美铝公司关闭了汉瑞角冶炼厂，这导致了去年安格尔西岛发电厂的关闭。	In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
美铝公司波特兰冶炼厂目前正在亏损并且面临关闭风险。	Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
此举是在对工厂未来几年作出预测之后作出的，最初的原因是澳元的走强，而最近则是因为工厂产品的价格。	The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
AGL通过拉特罗布山谷老埃杨发电厂为这座大型铝冶炼厂提供电能。该公司预测另外三名工厂所有人也将终止其协议。	AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
工厂的最大股东是一家美铝公司和氧化铝公司的合资公司，而中国的中信集团和日本的丸红株式会社也持有少量股份。	The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
该合资公司表示：“AGL预计波特兰工厂将继续运营，也就是说这座冶炼厂将继续产生电力需求。”	"AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue," it said.
AGL表示这些合同是本来应该自2016年11月起生效的“对冲合同”。	AGL said the contracts are so-called 'hedging contracts' which were due to take effect from November 2016.
合同的终止期为12个月，因此它们将在2017年终止。	The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
该电力公司表示：“因此，AGL仍预测这些合同将在2017财年继续产生收入。”	"As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17," the power company said.
自2018财年起对AGL可能产生的任何收入影响目前都受到期货市场对于批发电价的乐观展望。	Any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL表示，公司已在“终止活动预期”中减记了1.87亿美元的合同价值。	AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $187 million in "anticipation of a termination event."
美铝公司表示，决定终止这些合同“不会影响美铝公司经营该冶炼厂或保证该冶炼厂电力供应的能力”。	Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter."
这家美国公司表示其在2010年与老埃杨签署了一份为期20年的合同，该合同本来将在今年11月生效，但该公司没有解释为何退出该合同。	The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 , which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
分析家对于位于维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂以及位于纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈工厂是否会因为行业糟糕的经济形势而关闭持谨慎态度。	Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
针对分析师在本周早些时候发表的评论，AGL运营主管史蒂芬·米克尔森表示波特兰每年的用电量达到约600兆瓦，托马戈工厂达到约900兆瓦。	Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
如果两家工厂关闭，则电力市场的需求量会大大减少。	If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
他表示：“作为一家电力公司，这对于我们来说可不是一个好消息”。	And as a generator that wouldn't be good for us," he said.
社区法律中心每年将16万人拒之门外	Community legal centres turn away 160,000 people a year
每年有超过16万最弱势的群体被社区法律中心拒之门外。这项服务的资金本已捉襟见肘，而现在又要面对进一步的资金削减。	More than 160,000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
在昆士兰，每五个人中有三个人在寻求免费法律咨询和代理服务时被拒，其中大部分是老年人、移民、弱势的工人、暴力事件的受害人以及没有资源对抗不公正驱逐的人等。	In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like - are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
社区法律服务的资金缺乏早已超过了限值，现在又要面临进一步的资金削减。	Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
自明年六月起，联邦政府为这些法律中心提供的资金将再减少30%。	From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
昆士兰社区法律中心负责人詹姆斯·法雷尔表示，根据最新的国家社区协会法律中心调查报告，每年有数千人被拒之门外。	Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
法雷尔先生表示，如果联邦政府不改变现有的决定，这一情况只会变得更糟。	Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
他表示：“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期处于资金不足的状况，这意味着数千人将无法获得所需要的重要服务。”	"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need," he said.
需要远离暴力的人、背负无法偿还的巨额债务的人、面临分崩离析的家庭、被压榨的工人，这些人群都面临着法律层面的问题，并且该报告显示他们无法获得所需要的帮助。	People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked - all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
联邦政府将自2017年6月起再削减30%的资金，这意味着昆士兰数千弱势群体将被迫在没有帮助的情况下面对复杂的法律问题。	The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
我们呼吁司法部长兼昆士兰议员乔治·布兰迪斯立刻撤消这些削减资金的决定，让人们可以在面对法律问题时获得所需要的帮助。	We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
去年，州政府承诺将法律援助资金提高到国家平均水平。	Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
现在必须关注社区法律中心及其对应社区的需求，白乐琪政府也必须投入到这项重要的工作中。	It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
唐纳德·特朗普竞选团队因工作人员拔枪而被起诉	Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
纽约：特朗普的竞选团队因其北加利福尼亚洲负责人于2月份驾驶一辆吉普车时拔枪指向一名工作人员后不作为而被起诉。	New York: Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
该州竞选团队的前软件培训师文森特·博迪尼于周三在位于夏洛特的州法庭上描述了该事件。	The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
博迪尼表示，之前他希望这件事情能够在内部解决，但在等待了数月后他意识到“这不可能发生”。	Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising "this was not going to happen."
根据博迪尼的描述，这位名叫厄尔·菲利普的负责人“拔出了一把手枪，将右手食指放在板机上，并且将枪口对准文森特的膝盖骨。”	The director, Earl Phillip, "produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap," Bordini said in the complaint.
在向当地和地区竞选团队领导层投诉后，博迪尼从卷宗中了解到至少还有四个人经历了相同的事情。	After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼在投诉中表示：“没有开枪不代表不会造成伤害。”	"Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage," Bordini said in the complaint.
就在该案件发生两天前，这位共和党总统候选人在北卡罗来纳州告诉群众，如果他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选并且挑选她所喜爱的法官，那么“支持第二修正案的人”，也就是枪支持有人和枪支爱好者可能会采取行动，这一发言引发了众怒。	The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" -- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts -- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
特朗普的竞选团队表示，媒体对他的话断章取义，他并没有提倡暴力。	Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
博迪尼在投诉中要求竞选团队为自己的疏于监督进行赔偿，同时也要求菲利普为自己的袭击、殴打和精神伤害进行赔偿。	Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
特朗普发言人霍普·希克斯未立即对这一消息予以回应。	Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
无法联系到菲利普。	Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
据夏洛特当地的一家新闻社WCCB报道，菲利普于近期离开了竞选团队。	WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
他的咨询公司 Innovative Consulting Services 未对来电立刻进行回复。	A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的竞选团队饱受争议。	Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
本案双方为博迪尼与特朗普总统竞选公司，16-CS-14300，梅克伦堡县 （夏洛特）高等法院普通庭。	The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
英国必须传递奥林匹克精神并且对希思罗机场进行扩建	Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
希思罗也将为我们的社区、伦敦以及整个国家带来活力与繁荣。	Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
对于我而言，这是希思罗的魅力所在，正如在2012年伦敦奥运会时，我们竭尽全力保证我们的国家和地区能够从这些赛事中获益。	For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
奥运会使斯特拉特福德和东区受益匪浅。	The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
并且我们将通过为希思罗附近的当地民众和企业创造机会再次造福这一地区。	And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
仅就我们的本地社区而言，我们将创造10,000个新学徒岗位、40,000个新工作岗位并且让机场周围的年轻人摆脱失业困境。	For our local communities alone we'll create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会前，有些人认为希思罗的扩建工程过于庞大。	Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
我被告知英国将无法为奥运会做好准备，并且我们将在全世界面前丢脸。	I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage.
质疑者对于2012年奥运会的怀疑是错误的，并且他们对于希思罗项目的怀疑也将被证明是错误的。	The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
虽然总是会出现需要克服的障碍，但希思罗正在解决每一个所面临的问题。	There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
如同奥运会，希思罗是为大多数人而非少数人所开展的基础设施项目。	Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
扩建工程将创造多达18万个新工作岗位、带来2110亿英镑的经济增长，为机场周围和全英国留下一笔技术与就业财富。	Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
我们有一支出色的希思罗项目团队。该团队已准时并且在预算范围内完成了110亿英镑的基础设施投资项目，包括连续五年当选全球最佳机场航站楼的T5航站楼和位于全球最繁忙的两条跑道之间的T2航站楼。	We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5 - voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
现在，他们准备以160亿英镑的私人投资建设第三条跑道。	Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
英国成功地举办了2012年伦敦奥运会，而我相信希思罗机场扩建项目也将取得巨大的成功。	The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
现在正是我们传递奥林匹克精神并扩建希思罗机场的好时机，这样我们就能为我们的未来保驾护航并且创造一笔使全英国感到骄傲的技术与就业财富。	It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗机场董事会主席和前英国财政部商务参赞	Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
一名女性在瑞士高速公路上自杀并被辗身亡	Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
受害者于午夜躺在高速公路上。	The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
这名试图自杀的女性于周四清晨在高速公路上被多辆车辗过。目前警方正在寻找目击者。	Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
这场事故发生在周四凌晨沃州莫尔日附近的A1高速公路上。	The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
沃州警方表示，一名女性在深夜“绝望地”躺在公路上并且被多辆车辗过。	A woman lay down in the dark on the road "in a desperate act" and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
受害者为一名49岁的瑞士女性，其行为明显带有自杀意图。她被多辆车辗过，其中包括一辆货车。	Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
这名女性当场死亡。	She died at the scene.
警方透露，多名涉事的驾驶员已接受了调查，但部分驾驶员仍未确认。目前警方正在呼吁他们以及事故目击者前来接受调查。	Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
吉勒斯·霍夫施泰特尔律师向《日内瓦论坛报》表示，目前已开始进行刑事调查，这是此类事件的常规流程。	A criminal investigation has been opened, a "logical" step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
但目前尚未知晓是否将有驾驶员面临指控。	However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
是否有可能避免碰撞？	Was it possible to avoid impact?
霍夫施泰特尔表示：“这将由检察官来确定”。	That's what the prosecutor must determine," said Hofstetter.
根据过去五年另两起类似案件的结果，驾驶员将不承担责任。	Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
据该报报道，这两起案件都是因为有人在深夜走上高速公路所引起的。最终的判决是驾驶员不可能预料到在午夜有行人会穿越高速公路。	In each case - both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark - it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
去年，一名警官被指控因疏忽而致人死亡，指控的内容是2014年8月，她在帕耶讷附近的A1高速公路上撞击了一名男子并且致其死亡。	Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
法庭得知，这名22岁的受害者在饮酒后穿过公路。	The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法官在调查后表示，这名女警察当时的驾驶行为完全合法，而这名男子出现在公路上“完全是意外且无法预料的情况”，而且这名女警察事后拨打了急救电话。	The court found that the policewoman -- who was responding to an emergency call -- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a "completely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
任何可提供有关周四莫尔日附近这起事故的信息的人应拨打021 644 83 46或 021 644 44 44联系警方。	Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA 气候模型：金星上曾适合人类居住	NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
根据 NASA 新气候模型的预测，金星上曾适合人类居住。	Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
NASA 戈达德太空研究所的科学家开发了一个可探索金星过去情况的模型，该模型所使用的工具和算法与气候科学家所使用的十分类似。	Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus' past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
该模型用于确定表面高温、无水并且大气层充满二氧化碳的金星是否曾经有类似于地球的环境。	The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
此前，科学家认为金星自转速度较慢是因为其大气层较厚。	Scientists have previously suggested that Venus' slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
但最新的模拟表明金星可能曾经有一个较薄、类似于地球的大气层而且当时的自转速度同样较慢。	But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
该模型还能显示金星早期的地形。	The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
金星的干燥地区可能比地球多，但曾经有足够的水和地理变化来孕育生命并且防止快速蒸发。	The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
早期，照射在金星上的阳光亮度比地球暗了30%。	Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.
戈达德太空研究所科学家安东尼·德尔·杰尼奥在新闻发布会上解释说：“在戈达德太空研究所的模型模拟中，金星缓慢的自转使其一侧的白天时间长达近两个月。”	"In the GISS model's simulation, Venus' slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time," GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
这使表面变暖并且产生了能够形成厚云层的雨水，厚云层就像是一把伞一样为地面阻挡了大部分太阳的热量。	This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
模拟的结果是金星的平均气候温度实际上比现在的地球还低了几度。	The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
该模型所模拟的金星演化与之前行星科学家推测的相近。	The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
尽管金星上可能曾经存在生命，但在几十亿年的过程中，金星暴露在过高的温度与紫外线下。	Though likely once habitable, Venus was -- over the course of several billion years -- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
星球上的海洋蒸发，水蒸汽也被紫外线烧尽。	Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
随着氢的逃逸，所留下的只有较厚的二氧化碳大气层和致命的温室气体效应，从而形成了我们今天所知道的金星。	As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect -- thus, the Venus we know today.
研究人员在《地球物理研究通讯》期刊中发表了新的金星气候模型的模拟结果。	Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
帕特里克·罗伊辞去雪崩队主帅一职	Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·罗伊于周四辞去科罗拉多雪崩冰球队主教练兼副总裁一职，他表示自己在球队决策层面没有发言权。	Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
科罗拉多执行副总裁总经理乔·萨奇斯确认了这一消息并且表示俱乐部将立刻开始寻找新的主教练。	Colorado executive vice president/general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
五十岁的罗伊在声明中表示：“在过去三年中，我怀着活力、激情与决心履行科罗拉多雪崩队主教练兼副总裁的职责。”	"For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
我在整个夏季认真思考了该如何改进这支球队，使其具备更上一层楼的实力。	I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
为此，这位主教练和副总裁的目标必需与俱乐部的目标相一致。	To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
他还必需在影响球队表现的决策中拥有发言权。	He must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
但目前，这些条件还未满足。	These conditions are not currently met.
萨奇斯于2013年5月23日聘请罗伊，他对罗伊为球队做出的贡献表示感谢。	Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨奇斯表示：“帕特里克在今天告诉了我他的决定。”	"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.
我们对他为俱乐部所作出的贡献表示感谢，并且希望他在未来一帆风顺。	We appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
罗伊在2013-14年执教雪崩队的首个赛季中被提名为杰克·亚当斯奖联盟最佳教练。	Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
他帮助俱乐部获得了112分，位居中部分区第一。但科罗拉多队在季后赛第一轮就被明尼苏达队所淘汰，在最近两年均与季后赛失之交臂。	He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
2015-16赛季，雪崩队的成绩为39胜39平4负，最终以5分之差失去了西部大联盟赛区的第二张外卡资格。	The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
作为名人堂守门员，罗伊共赢得过四座斯坦利杯，在为蒙特利尔加拿大人队和雪崩队效力时各获得两座。	A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
北海油田工人停止罢工，继续谈判	North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
首席谈判代表表示，北海油田的工人停止了关于薪酬的罢工，此次纠纷的各方开始了新一轮的谈判。	Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
荷兰皇家壳牌经营的北海石油平台上出现了多次针对油田服务公司 Wood Group 的罢工。	Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
根据一份联合声明，“Wood Group 以及 Unite 和 RMT 工会可以确认我们已同意重启当前纠纷的解决进程。”	"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute," a joint statement read.
我们将从下周早些时候开始，在未来几周举行多场全天会议，重新审视这些问题。	We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
工会表示其近期采取的行动是为了抗议最高可能达到30%的减薪，而这也是工会25年以来首次采取这一行动。	The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group 今年因市场压力而将北海承包商的报酬降低了约9%。	Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
此次减薪前，该公司在2014年将海上承包商的报酬降低了10%。	The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
公司表示，再次减薪将帮助公司度过市场萧条的难关。	The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
壳牌已裁减了数千名员工并且宣布计划关停10个国家的油气设备，这是因为公司在与英国能源公司英国天然气集团合并后需要精简其业务。	Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
能源公司正在面临来自原油价格下降以及英国六月脱欧决定的压力。	Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
苏格兰议会成员戴夫·安德森在本周早些时候与工会领导人会面，共同探讨北海这一代人最大的劳动纠纷。	Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
他表示，北海对于地区经济而言至关重要。	The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
戴夫在声明中表示：“在北海和整个国家，我们需要一种服务于多数人而非少数人的经济。”	"In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few," he said in a statement.
2016年，北海新项目的支出预计不超过14亿美元，而过去五年的平均项目支出达到约70亿美元。	Less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $7 billion in the past five years.
开普勒测量昂宿星团恒星的自转速度	Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
这项开普勒太空望远镜的最新使命帮助天文学家采集了最完整的昂宿星团恒星自转速度。	The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
新数据正在帮助天文学家了解为何该星团的恒星有不同的自转速度以及自转周期与星球组成的关联。	The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
帕萨迪纳加州理工学院红外处理分析中心研究科学家卢萨·雷布尔在新闻发布会上表示：“我们希望通过比较我们的结果与其他星团进一步了解恒星质量、年龄、甚至其太阳系历史之间的关系。”	"We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system," Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
昂宿星团距离地球445光年。	The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-years from Earth.
该星团中的许多恒星诞生于约1.25亿年前，目前还刚刚达到成年期。	Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
它们达到了一生中最高的自转速度。	They're spinning as fast as they ever will.
在达到最高自转速度时，这些成熟的恒星射出大量恒星风。	At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
当这些恒星风穿过恒星的磁场时，它们会对恒星产生制动作用。	As these winds travel across the stars' magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
随着恒星年龄的增加，其自转速度开始减慢。	As a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
开普勒通过追踪可识别的恒星黑子（如同太阳黑子）出现的时间测量各恒星的自转速度。	Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots -- like sunspots.
最新的自转速度数据集表明质量较大的恒星的自转速度慢于质量较小的恒星。	The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
雷布尔将恒星比作舞者，体型较大的舞者旋转时的速度慢于体型较小的舞者。	Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
雷布尔表示：“在昂宿星团的‘芭蕾舞表演’中，我们发现自转速度较慢的恒星往往质量较大，而自转速度最快的恒星往往是最轻的恒星。”	"In the 'ballet' of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars," said Rebull.
由于昂宿星团距离较近，因此可以作为比较恒星质量与自转速度的理想宇宙实验室。	Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
雷布尔表示：“昂宿星团为年轻与年迈恒星的双向旋转理论模型奠定了基础。”	"The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
关于恒星如何、何时以及为何减慢自转速度并且“收起自己的舞鞋”，我们仍有许多需要了解的知识。	We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their 'dance shoes,' so to speak.
雷布尔和她的同事在三篇新论文中详细阐述了他们对昂宿星团自转速度的最新分析。这三篇论文不久将发布在《天文学期刊》上。	Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
南湖公园水域管理科科长郑建军介绍，南湖水底最深处超过10米，不了解情况下水者，很可能发生危险。	According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
“虽说南湖救援队非常专业，但仍希望广大划船的游客能穿上救生衣，在湖上不要做违规行动，安全游玩。”郑建军说。	"Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely" Zheng Jianjun said.
围头村具有得天独厚的海洋环境，坐拥自然生态和人文生态两大休闲旅游资源。	Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
“但是购买了小区车位的个别业主，怕这样做会影响自己的车位出租价格，也怀疑其他人存有私心，所以一直背后搞破坏，导致车位改造一事被搁置。”	"However, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
对于番薯在何时由何人引进这一问题，学界的说法仍纷繁不一。	As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
在目前较为主流的观点中，番薯的引进主要有三条线路。	In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
番薯引入的三条线路中影响最大、传播最广的，就是陈振龙由菲律宾引入福州。	Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
北京市社会团体管理办公室即日起将对社会团体会费统一收据使用情况开展专项检查。	Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
检查分为单位自查和重点抽查两种。	Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-examination and spot inspection.
市社团办相关负责人介绍，本次检查范围包括2013至2015年度在市社团办领用社会团体会费统一收据的社会团体。	Relevant person in charge of the municipal association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
里约奥组委在２０１２年制定的奥运传播战略中就曾说：“奥运会成功与否是由哪些在社交媒体分享故事的人们定义的。”	"The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media," said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
而从本届奥运会的报道来看，各媒体在传播方式、产品形态、语言风格、新闻视角等诸多方面都较以往做了很大的改变。	From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
国际奥委会和世界各国的媒体从业者，看来都已经要迎接这一轮挑战了。	It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
8月11日，光大证券H股公开发售进入最后一天。有消息指出，招股前两日市场反应平淡。按照计划，其将于8月18日在港交所挂牌上市。	On August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
国内一家券商分析师表示，东方证券在港基础并不算好，旗下资管业务才是东证所长。相比中银国际、中信证券等银行系券商，显得先天不足。	A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
专家指出，今年以来随着证券市场回归平淡，很多券商业绩都出现了下滑，但公司上市之后情况要更多看公司本身业务的发展情况，不能一概而论。	Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
此项调控新政出台后，苏州将成为全国第一个重启限购的二线城市。	After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
出台或者即将出台楼市调控政策的二线城市不止苏州，还包括合肥、南京等城市。	In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
此前，合肥已经率先发布限贷政策，对于在合肥名下有两套房且有一套住房贷款未结清的购房者，银行将拒绝提供房贷服务。	Prior to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
上周，古装剧《美人私房菜》临时停播，意外引发了关于国产剧收视率造假的热烈讨论。	Last week, the broadcast of period drama “Beauty Private Kitchen” was temporarily halted, and accidentally triggered heated debate about faked ratings of locally produced dramas.
民权团体针对密苏里州发出旅行警告	Civil rights group issues travel warning for Missouri
由于密苏里州的歧视性政策和种族主义袭击，美国有色人种促进协会 (NAACP) 向准备前往密苏里州出游的有色人群发出旅行警告。	The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has put out an alert for people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
“2017 年 8 月 28 日生效的 NAACP 密苏里州旅行咨询中呼吁，因近期密苏里州发生了一系列可疑的种族性事件，所有非裔美籍旅行者、游客以及密苏里州人在密苏里州旅行时应特别注意并采取极其谨慎的态度，特此告知，”该团体的声明宣称。	"The NAACP Travel Advisory for the state of Missouri, effective through August 28th, 2017, calls for African American travelers, visitors and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling throughout the state given the series of questionable, race-based incidents occurring statewide recently, and noted therein," the group's statement reads.
NAACP 指出，最近通过的一项密苏里州法律使得人们更难赢得歧视诉讼，该州执法也一定程度上针对少数群体，这些现象促使该组织发布了旅行警告。	A recent Missouri law making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the state's law enforcement disproportionately targeting minorities prompted the group to issue the travel alert, the NAACP said.
侵犯公民权利的行为正发生在人们身上。	"You have violations of civil rights that are happening to people.
他们因肤色被停车盘问，被殴打或被杀害，”密苏里州 NAACP 主席罗德·查培尔告诉堪萨斯城星报 (The Kansas City Star)。	They're being pulled over because of their skin color, they're being beaten up or killed," the president of the Missouri NAACP, Rod Chapel, told The Kansas City Star.
“我们收到了许多投诉，数量前所未有。”	"We are hearing complaints at a rate we haven't heard before."
这是该组织在美国针对某个州发布的第一个此类警告。	It is the first such warning that the organization has issued for a state in the US.
该组织援引了密苏里大学对黑人学生的种族诽谤以及 28 岁田纳西州黑人男性托利·桑德斯的死亡事件。	The group cited incidents such as racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
今年早些时候，桑德斯在可疑情况下死亡。他在密苏里州旅行时燃油耗尽，被密苏里州警方在无指控犯罪的情况下拘留。	Sanders died under questionable circumstances earlier this year after he ran out of gas while traveling through the state, and was taken into custody by Missouri police without being accused of a crime.
咨询中还指出，密苏里州总检察长办公室最近的一份报告显示，“与白人相比，该州的黑人司机被停车盘查的可能性要高出 75%”。	The advisory also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showing that black drivers in the state were 75 percent more likely to be pulled over than whites.
查培尔说：“该份咨询是为了提高人们的意识，警告他们的家人、朋友和同事在密苏里州可能发生的情况。”	"The advisory is for people to be aware, and warn their families and friends and co-workers of what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
“人们需要做好准备，无论是携带保释金前往密苏里州，还是让亲属知道自己在州内旅行”。	"People need to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money with them, or letting relatives know they are traveling through the state."
根据联邦调查局仇恨犯罪报告计划的最新数据，密苏里州在 2015 年记录了 100 起仇恨罪行；根据罪行量，该州在全国排名第 16 位。	Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, ranking the state at 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.
旅行警告也是对密苏里州新法律的回应，该法律将使起诉住房或就业歧视企业变得更加困难。	The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a business for housing or employment discrimination.
此前，美国各州通过了移民执法法律，要求当地执法部门拘留移民违规人员，美国公民自由联盟 (ACLU) 表示此举会增加种族诉讼数量，并发布了针对德克萨斯州和亚利桑那州的旅行咨询。	Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain people on immigration violations which the ACLU said would increase racial profiling.
旅行警告通常是由美国政府针对其他国家发布的，但最近，咨询团体采取这一方式以应对美国境内的某些法律和趋势。	Travel warnings are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but lately, advocacy groups have resorted to the measure in response to certain laws and trends inside the US.
经历2015年票房猛增的“黄金时代”后，2016年整体电影市场进入了冷静期，能否突破去年440.69亿元的总票房成绩都成为一个悬念。	After experiencing the “golden era” of a soaring box office in 2015, the film market retreated into a cooling-off period in 2016. Whether box office takings could surpass last year’s total of RMB44.069 billion is questionable.
从国家统计局公布的数据看，10月，北京新房和二手房价格双双降温，环比仅上涨0.6%和1.1%。	Data from the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that in October, prices of new and second-hand residential properties cooled, up 0.6% and 1.1% month-on-month, respectively.
现任欧足联首席技术官的卢佩斯库在本次大会上做了一份关于2016年欧锦赛以及上赛季欧冠联赛的技术报告。	Lupekscu, the current Chief Technology Officer of UEFA, made a technical report on the 2016 UEFA Euro and the last season of European Champions League at the meeting.
BBC称北京成最激动人心城市：让老外感觉“生活在新时代”	BBC claims that Beijing has become the most exciting city: making foreigners feel like “living in a new age”
参考消息网1月18日报道英媒称，北京或许有三千年的悠久历史，但它也在迅速变身为今天的现代魅力都市。	Reference News Network reported on January 18 that the British media organization has noticed that Beijing is rapidly transforming into a glamorous modern city in spite of the fact that it is 3000 years old.
这座中国首都拥有速度高得惊人的互联网，有人脸识别软件等尖端技术，在人工智能方面投入了巨资并且拥有无可匹敌的国际化能量，它对富于探索精神的外国人而言是最激动人心的城市之一。	The Chinese capital is interconnected by amazingly high-speed Internet and has implemented cutting-edge technologies such as face recognition. It has invested heavily in artificial intelligence and has an unmatched capacity of internationalization. It is one of the most exciting cities for foreigners who are eager to explore the world.
据英国广播公司网站1月16日报道，德国侨民克莱门斯·塞希说：“如果我能在那儿成功，我以后在任何地方都能成功。”他引用的是歌手弗兰克·西纳特拉歌颂纽约市的歌词。	According to a report on the BBC website on January 16, the German expatriate Clemens Sage said: 'If I can succeed there, I can succeed anywhere.' He quoted a song written by singer Frank Sinatra to praise New York City.
在《旅行者档案》杂志担任创意总监的塞希说：“如果西纳特拉活到今天，他很可能会歌唱北京这样的城市。”他说，生活在这座城市会让你感觉“生活在新时代”，总是能跟上潮流。	Sage, who served as Creative Director of Traveler Archives, said: "If Sinatra lives today, he is likely to sing a song for Beijing." He said that living in this city will make you feel like “living in a new age”, which means that you can always keep up with the trends.
老家位于英格兰、但最近生活在北京的西蒙·诺顿在个人博客网站4Corners7Seas上发表文章说：“人们总体上有一种处于某种宏大事物中心的感觉，这种感觉很难说清楚，但它让许多外国人长久留在那里。他们想看看它会变成什么样，并且希望亲眼见证。”	Simon Norton, who originates from England had been living in Beijing in recent years, published an article on personal blog site 4Corners7Seas saying: “People generally have a feeling of being at the center of something grand. Although this feeling is hard to describe clearly, it is the reason why so many foreigners stay there for a long time. They want to see what it will become and hope to witness it. ”
报道称，这座城市优质高速的互联网和对技术友好的环境使日常生活比以往任何时候都更容易。	According to reports, the city's high-quality, high-speed Internet and technology-friendly environment make everyday life easier than ever before.
来自马尼拉、目前在“北京儿童”网站担任副总编的安迪·佩尼亚富埃尔特说：“北京正在迅速转变为一个无现金社会，互联网把传统钱包的功能整合到智能手机上，使每个人都能更容易地进行许多交易。”	Andy Peñafuerte, who originates from Manila and is currently the deputy editor-in-chief of the website Beijing Children, said: "Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cashless society. The Internet integrates the functions of traditional wallets into smart phones, making it easier for everyone to conduct various transactions."
报道表示，但智能手机只是北京技术雄心的开始，面部识别软件已经十分普及，许多手机应用都使用这种技术来进行银行转账和支付、让人们进入公寓和办公室，甚至用它来核实网约车司机的身份。	According to reports, smart phones are just the beginning of Beijing's technical ambitions. Face recognition technology is being widely used across the city. Many mobile phone applications use this technology to facilitate bank transfers and payments, grant people access apartments and offices, and even use it to verify identity of the drivers providing car-hailing service.
北京最近还宣布计划斥资138亿元人民币修建一个人工智能科技园，建成后将有逾400家企业在那里落户，它们将专注于开发从生物测定到自动驾驶汽车的各种人工智能技术。	Beijing recently announced plans to invest 13.8 billion yuan in the construction of an artificial intelligence technology park. When it is completed, more than 400 companies will settle there. They will focus on the development of artificial intelligence technologies ranging from biometrics to self-driving cars.
食品也是中国历年诸多重大节日的核心，参加这些庆祝活动受到外国人的推崇，春节是最重要的社会和经济节日，也是外国人最容易参与的节日之一。	Food plays a central role in China’s many major traditional festivals. Foreigners are enthusiastic about these festivals. The Spring Festival is the most important festival in both social and economic sense, and it is also one of the most enjoyable festivals for foreigners.
塞希说：“我建议帮助中国朋友为过年做准备，打扫公寓和在家门贴上写有新年祝福语的红色春联同等重要，在除夕那一天，所有的家庭成员都要齐集一堂吃一顿丰盛的大餐，然后守岁到午夜，用绚丽响亮的焰火迎接新年。对外国人而言，与朋友和家人共度这个夜晚的确是一个融入的机会。”	Sage said: “It's a pleasure for me to help Chinese friends prepare for the New Year. It is equally important to clean the apartment and paste the red spring couplets with blessing words on the door. On New Year’s eve, all family members must gather together to have a good meal and stay until midnight, and finally to celebrate the New Year with fireworks. For foreigners, spending the night with friends and their family is indeed an opportunity for blending. ”
报道称，北京的外国人数量众多而且在不断增长，但中国的语言障碍以及侨民之间交流的便利很容易成为他们不完全融入当地文化的借口。	According to reports, a large number of foreigners are living in Beijing and the number is growing. However, the language barrier and the convenience of exchanges between the expatriates can easily become excuses for not fully integrating into the local culture.
塞希说：“一些外国人已经在中国生活多年，但对他们的东道国几乎没有什么体验。如果你最初接触中国人的尝试不算成功，那么你很容易有还是与其他外国人相处更容易的感觉。	Sage said: 'Some foreigners have lived in China for many years, but they have little experience with their host country. If your initial attempt to interact with the Chinese is not successful, then it is easy for you to feel more comfortable with other foreigners.
”在这些所谓的“老外泡泡”中（“老外泡泡”是指外国人只在外国人中间混，而不接触当地人和当地文化——译者注），外国人在自己的社区里抱团，在西方餐馆吃饭，并且朋友中只有外国人。	In these so-called 'foreign bubbles' ('Laowai bubble' refers to circles in which foreigners only mixed in with foreigners, without touching local people and local culture -- translator's note), foreigners mingle with each other in their own communities, eat in Western restaurants, and only make friends with foreigners.
克服这一点最简单的办法就是学习一点普通话——这比人们可能想象的要简单。	The easiest way to overcome problem is to learn a little bit of Mandarin – something easier than one might think.
塞希说：“每周上一两个小时的中文私教课或者学习入门级的广播剧应该会适合每个人的忙碌日程。”	Sage said: “One or two hours of private lessons in Chinese every week or learning entry-level radio dramas should suit everyone’s busy schedule.”
哪怕学几句经典的短句也会对购物、在餐馆订餐或是在出租车上闲聊有帮助。	Even learning a few classic phrases will help with shopping, ordering a meal in a restaurant, or chatting on a taxi.
报道称，顽固的空气污染也是日常生活中的一个事实，不过近年来的政府努力遏制了一些问题。	According to reports, persistent air pollution is also a fact of daily life, but the government has tried to curb pollution in recent years.
居民们强调，在污染往往较轻的温暖月份里到户外活动很重要，要把那些蓝天日当作在历史悠久的胡同里徜徉或是探索备受欢迎的日坛公园的机会。	Residents emphasize that outdoor activities are very important in warm months when pollution is often light. It is important to consider those blue sky days as opportunities for rambling in ancient encryptors or exploring the popular Ritan Park.
诺顿说：“北京是能在表面以下发现最多东西的中国城市，你能发现很不错的艺术和音乐活动、纵情的夜生活、历史奇观、超现代的商业区和古老的胡同区。”	Norton said: "Beijing is a Chinese city that one can find most things below the surface. You can find very good arts and music activities, indulgent nightlife, historical wonders, ultra-modern business districts and ancient hutong areas."
报告认为，老龄化对人力资本增长的阻碍作用日益明显，尤其在东北地区，老龄化对人力资本增长的年均贡献率为-1.28%。	The report believed that the hindrance to growth in human capital as a result of aging has become increasingly apparent. This was particularly the case in the Northeast, where the annual average contribution of aging to human capital growth was -1.28%.
潘功胜指出，目前跨境资本流动风险可控，支撑国际收支平衡的根本性因素仍然长期存在。	Pan Gongsheng said that the present of risk of cross-border capital flows can be controlled. The fundamental factors underpinning international balance of payments will still exist over the longer term.
中新网北京12月17日电 (记者 高凯)世界因遗产而璀璨——2016中国古书画鉴定修复与保护国际高峰论坛于12月17日在中国人民大学开幕。	China News Service Beijing December 17 wire (Reporter: Gao Kai) Heritage makes the world resplendent - The opening ceremony of the 2016 International Summit for the Authentication, Restoration and Protection of Ancient Chinese Calligraphy and Painting was held at Renmin University of China on December 17.
欧盟委员会今年4月指控谷歌强迫手机厂商预装谷歌搜索和Chrome浏览器等软件，否则便不允许其使用其他谷歌应用。	In April this year, the European Commission accused Google of coercing mobile phone manufacturers into installing software such as the Google search engine and Chrome web browser, or they would not be allowed to use other Google applications.
欧盟委员会认为此举有损消费者的利益，并且阻碍了竞争。	The European Commission believed that this harmed consumer interests and hindered competition.
欧盟监管者最初要求谷歌在7月27日之前作出回应。	EU regulators initially requested that Google make a response prior to July 27.
倘若反垄断罪名成立，谷歌最高面临其全球营收10%的罚款，约为74亿美元。	If found guilty of violating antitrust rules, Google could face a maximum fine of 10% of its global turnover, or approximately US$7.4 billion.
谷歌尚未立刻对此置评。	Google has not made immediate comment on this.
谷歌还因为在搜索结果中偏向自家购物服务而面临欧盟的调查。	Google also faced EU investigations over giving prominent placement to its own shopping services in search results.
张玉宁的留洋是实打实的，可以说他实现从国青到国奥的“跳级”并不是偶然的，而他飞跃成长的幅度依然令人惊讶。	Zhang Yuning's stay-abroad is a real one. It can be said that his achievement of “jumping level” from the national youth to the national Olympics is by no means accidental, and his leap-forward growth is still surprising.
一张图看懂：比特币在世界各地的法律地位	Understand through a picture: Bitcoin's legal status around the world
摘要：除了投机属性天然引发的价格回调，本轮数字货币惨跌也与“宿敌”——监管风险不无关系。	Abstract: A part from the price correction which is natural in speculation, the current round of digital currency tumble has also to do with the 'sworn enemy'—regulation.
从可视化地图看，东方国家对比特币的态度比西方更为保守，占全球主体的国家仍在观望数字货币合法性，代表“黑天鹅风险”依旧很大。	From the visualized maps, the attitude of the eastern countries towards Bitcoin is more conservative than that of the West. Most countries in the world are still indecisive about the legitimacy of digital currencies, indicating that the “risk of the black swan” is still looming large.
*本文来自华尔街见闻（微信ID：wallstreetcn），编辑王穆。更多精彩资讯请登陆wallstreetcn.com，或下载华尔街见闻APP。*	*This article is taken from Wallstreetcn (WeChat ID: wallstreetcn), editor Wang Mu. For more exciting information, visit wallstreetcn.com or download the Wallstreetcn APP. *
随着中国、韩国和欧盟等比特币主要市场的监管风暴迭起，以比特币为首的全球数字货币本周以来惨遭血洗，比特币价格周二起跌破1万美元心理整数位，并创三年以来最大单日跌幅。	As the authorities in major markets of Bitcoin -- such as China, South Korea and the European Union -- take decisive regulatory measures, the digital currency market dominated by Bitcoin has experienced major bloodshed this week. The price of Bitcoin has fallen below 10,000 dollar, recording the biggest one-day drop.
除了投机属性天然引发的价格回调，本轮数字货币惨跌也与一直以来的“宿敌”——监管风险不无关系。	A part from the price correction which is natural in speculation, the current round of digital currency tumble has also to do with the 'sworn enemy'—regulation.
在这个重要的关口，可视化大数据网站HowMuch.net制作了一份图谱，展现比特币在全球各国的合法性地位和受监管程度。	At this important juncture, HowMuch.net, a visualization big data website, produced a map showing the legitimacy of Bitcoin and regulation measure in place in countries around the world.
如下图所示，绿色代表比特币的合法市场；橘黄色代表中性市场，虽尚未公开合法化比特币地位，但也没有主要的使用限制；淡粉色代表受限制的市场，即当地政府尝试通过红线政策或监管来方法数字货币的使用；深粉色代表比特币被定义为非法的国家；灰色是尚未置评的国家。	As shown in the figure below, green represents the legal market for Bitcoin, and orange represents the neutral market. Although there is no place where Bitcoin is acknowledged a legal currency, there are no major restrictions on the use it. The pale pink represents the restricted market, i.e. the local government tries to the use of the digital currency pass by drawing a red line or taking regulatory measures. The deep pink represents countries where Bitcoin is declared as illegal. The gray represents countries that have not yet been rated.
（上图来自HowMuch.Net可视化团队在1月15日制图）	(The above figure was drawn by the HowMuch.Net visualization team on January 15th)
文章指出，从图中非绿色的色块分布可以看出，传统意义上的东方国家对比特币的态度比西方更为保守。	The article points out that from the distribution of non-green color patches in the graph, it can be seen that the oriental countries in the traditional sense are more conservative towards Bitcoin than the West.
俄罗斯是目前定义比特币为非法的最大国家，中国是比特币最大的受限市场之一，印度是对比特币尚不予置评、还没有出台相关政策的最大国家之一。	Russia is currently the largest country that defines Bitcoin as illegal. China is one of the largest restricted markets for Bitcoin. India is one of the largest countries that have not commented on Bitcoin and have not made relevant policies.
北美和西欧是对比特币接受程度最高的地区，即绿色块的分布更为集中。	North America and Western Europe are the regions that have highest level of tolerance to Bitcoin i.e. where green patches are concentrated.
中东和拉丁美洲各国对比特币的看法呈现明显分化，上述地区的色块分布更为混杂。	The views of the countries in the Middle East and Latin America on Bitcoin are clearly divided, so, the distribution of color patches in these areas is more mixed.
其中伊拉克、伊朗、土耳其、巴西都是合法的比特币市场，阿富汗、巴基斯坦、沙特、埃及、玻利维亚等对其交易和使用有一定程度的限制，更多的拉美国家对比特币还没有发声。	Among them, Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Brazil are all legitimate Bitcoin markets. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Bolivia have some restrictions on the trading and use of Bitcoin. Most Latin American countries have not made any comments about Bitcoin.
综合上述数据可知，在全球受统计的246个国家中，共有99个国家（或占比40%）对比特币的交易和使用不施加限制，即绿色和橘黄色的地区。	From the above data, it can be seen that of the 246 countries that have been rated, a total of 99 countries (or 40% of the total) haven't imposed any restrictions on the transactions and use of Bitcoin. They are represented by green and orange patches.
有7个国家（或占比3%）是受限市场（淡粉色），有10个国家（或占比4%）定义比特币为非法（深粉色），有130个国家（或占比53%）还没有更多的对待数字货币信息（灰色）。	Seven countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (pale pink), 10 countries (or 4%) have defined Bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), and 130 countries (or 53) %) haven't given comments on digital currency (grey).
这说明，占全球主体（53%，超过半数）的国家仍在观望以比特币为首的数字货币在境内的合法性，也代表了比特币的“黑天鹅风险”依旧很大，因为其中一部分国家最终可能会作出限制数字货币的立法决定。	This shows that countries that account for the global majority (53%, more than half) are still indecisive about the legitimacy of digital currencies represented by Bitcoin. This means that the “black swan risk” is still very large for Bitcoin, because some of these countries may ultimately make legislation that restrict the use of digital currencies.
文章认为，全球监管机构对数字货币这个新兴类别还没有完全理解，可能是大部分国家还没有作出表态的主要原因。	The article believes that global regulators have not fully understood the digital currency as a new type of currency. This may be the main reason why most countries have not chosen a stance.
尽管比特币的“人气”自去年以来呈指数级增长，并不代表所有国家都感兴趣，可能有些国家担心当地法币因此受到威胁，或更担心数字货币被犯罪组织利用。	Although Bitcoin’s popularity has grown exponentially since last year, it does not necessarily mean that all countries are interested in it. It's probably that some countries are concerned that the local currency may be undermined by digital currencies or that digital currencies are used by criminal organizations.
华尔街见闻曾撰文详细总结了上周以来针对比特币的国际监管新闻，包括中国开始打击场外类交易所的集中服务在线平台和移动App、韩国仍在考虑关闭数字货币交易所、欧盟认为比特币还没有被广泛接受并警告投资者“赔到血本无归”的风险等。	Wallstreetcn has published an article summarizing the news related to regulation measures against Bitcoin across the world since last week, including: China starts to crackdown on online platforms and mobile APPs of over-the-counter exchanges; South Korea is still considering to close the digital currency exchanges; the European Union holds the view that Bitcoin has not yet been widely accepted and warns investors of the risk of “losing everything”.
华尔街见闻主编精选《读要闻|2018：全球央妈开启数字货币元年？》曾提到，从监管、接受/批判、采纳的任一角度来看，2018年都将成为全球央行的数字货币元年。	Wallstreetcn Editor's selection: Reading News | 2018: Global Central Banks Are Ushering Digital Currency? One article points out that 2018 is destined to be the first year of digital currency for central banks across the world, viewing from the perspectives of supervision, acceptance/criticism and adoption.
俄罗斯等大国批评比特币合法性地位的做法，其实也是为了给官方发行数字货币让路。	The act of questioning the legal status of Bitcoin by big countries such as Russia is actually meant to make way for the official issuance of digital currencies.
新华社马德里1月8日电（报道员谢宇智）巴塞罗那新援库蒂尼奥8日在诺坎普首次身披巴萨球衣亮相。	On January 8th, the Barcelona new aid Philippe Coutinho showed up for the first time in Camp Nou with his Barcelona shirt, the Xinhua News Agency reported in Madrid by reporter Xie Yuzhi.
库蒂尼奥当日上午通过了巴萨的体检，并与巴萨主席巴托梅乌在一份将于2023年夏天到期的合同上签了字。	Coutinho passed a physical examination of Barcelona early that morning and signed with Barcelona president Bartomeu a contract that will expire in the summer of 2023.
随后他作为巴萨球员，在诺坎普近7000名球迷面前亮相。	Then he appeared in the face of nearly 7,000 Camp Nou fans as a Barcelona player.
据西班牙媒体透露，库蒂尼奥的转会费总额或达到1.6亿欧元（1欧元约合7.77元人民币），是巴萨俱乐部及西甲历史第一身价。	According to a Spanish media, Coutinho's transfer fee may amount to 160 million euros (1 euro≈ 1.77 Chinese yuan), being the highest paid player in the history of Barcelona and La Liga.
由于眼下库蒂尼奥仍有伤在身，他还需休整近20日才能迎来自己身披巴萨球衣的处子秀。	As Coutinho is still injured at the moment, he still need recuperate for nearly 20 days before ushering in his debut in the Barcelona shirt.
还有什么神圣的东西？	Is nothing sacred?
现在特朗普的白宫正在瞄准自由女神像	Now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty
政权更迭最确定的标志是他们开始攻击雕像之时。	The surest mark of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.
美国人和任何人一样都赞同这一点。 因此，2003 年巴格达天堂广场的萨达姆?侯赛因被精心策划地推倒了。	Americans appreciate this as well as anyone - hence the carefully stage-manged toppling of Saddam Hussein in Firdos square in Baghdad in 2003.
斯蒂芬?米勒 (Stephen Miller) 作为特朗普政府的关键智囊之一，在与美国有线电视新闻网 (CNN) 的吉姆?阿科斯塔 (Jim Acosta) 就总统关于严格限制合法移民的提议进行激烈争论时,他肯定知道自己对自由女神像砍出象征性的一斧会发生什么事情。	Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically limit legal immigration.
公平地说，米勒并没有攻击雕像本身。	In fairness, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
如果他这样做了，那么一群游船业主和自由主义的追随者一定会将他生吞活剥。	A horde of boat-trip owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he did.
但是他确实攻击了塑像的意义，尤其是在 1903 年埃玛?拉撒路的着名诗歌被刻在基座上时（这座纪念碑在此后17年方建成）而具有的意义。	But he did attack its meaning, and in particular the meaning ascribed to it when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument itself was completed.
正如米勒斥责阿科斯塔所说：“我不想在这里谈论历史的全部事实，但自由女神像是美国自由照亮世界的象征......。	As Miller scolded Acosta: "I don't want to get off into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American liberty lighting the world.
你所指的那首诗，那是后来又加上去的，不是原始自由女神像的一部分。”	The poem that you're referring to, that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty."
事实上，米勒是正确的，但是正如他自己所说的，这不是真正关于历史。	Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, this is not really about history.
这涉及到拉撒路惊世之语的现代回音，唯一一个国家似乎不仅邀请任何老移民，而且还邀请穷人中最贫穷的人：“你的疲惫、你的穷困、或者你的挤作一团的民众渴望自由呼吸，/苦难的人拒绝你拥挤的海滩。”	It is about the contemporary resonance of Lazarus's startling words, the only ones in which a state has appeared to invite not just any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."
不存在“苦难的人拒绝”在我们的屏幕变得更刺眼的一刻。	There has never been a time when the "wretched refuse" has been more visible on our screens.
米勒并没有从事过文学评论工作，他清楚地表明，这些人在特朗普时代的美国不会受到欢迎。	Miller was not engaging in literary criticism - he was making it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's USA.
这种关于雕像意义的冲突是更广泛的政治和文化战争的一部分：这实际上是与美国精神相冲突。	This conflict about the meaning of a statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: it is really a conflict about the meaning of America.
拉扎鲁斯 (Lazarus) ，以及她的、在她去世后举行活动将她的诗句铭刻在基座上的朋友们，很清楚他们正在参与的行为具有高度政治性。	Lazarus - and her friends who campaigned to place her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were engaging in a highly political act.
该雕塑的目的是通过作为自由女神的女性化身的、古老的经典比喻来表达法国和美国共和主义之间的联系。	The sculpture was intended to mark the connections between French and American republicanism by representing in a well-worn classical trope, the female embodiment of Liberty.
拉撒路改变了这个意思：在她的诗中，女性形象不再抽象,她要发声。	Lazarus changed that meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has a voice.
她给自己起了一个非常不同的名字：流放之母。	And she gives herself a very different name: Mother of Exiles.
这首诗与这幅画的结合是一场成功的女权主义政变,并且是对美国本土主义的毁灭性打击。	The marrying of the poem to the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
就像拉撒路改变雕像的意义一样，右翼者一直想要把它改回原意。	And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, rightwingers have long wanted to change it back.
伟大的演讲者拉什?林博 (Rush Limbaugh) ，是特朗普来临时的一位施洗者，他在 2010 年认为，自由主义并不是邀请任何人，而他现在是一名早期的新保守主义者，将美国的智慧火焰带给愚昧的世界：“自由女神是勇往无前的。	The great loudmouth Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that Liberty is not inviting anyone in, but is rather an early neocon, taking the American flame out to the benighted world: "Lady Liberty is stepping forward.
她本意是将自由的火炬从美国带到世界的其他地方。	She is meant to be carrying the torch of liberty from the United States to the rest of the world.
火炬不是照亮美国的道路。”	The torch is not to light the way to the United States."
不同寻常的是，林博实际上被一些东西所打动。	Rather unusually, Limbaugh actually hit on something.
雕像的意义完全取决于认知的角度。	The meaning of the statue is entirely a matter of the angle of perception.
拉撒路极富想象力的做法就是能够看到它。当疲惫的，可怜的但充满希望的人会在经过漫长而往往可怕的旅程后，可以在船甲板上看到它。	Lazarus's great imaginative act was to see it as it would be seen by exhausted, wretched but hopeful people on the decks of ships after long and often dreadful journeys.
从表面上看，这涉及到那些寻求庇护、有机会改善生活的人们看待世界的角度问题。	It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to better their lives.
她的雕像向他们传达且需要他们听到的希望和欢迎的本意。	Her statue speaks back to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.
当然，这不是米勒和特朗普曾想要承认的观点。	And of course, this is not the perspective Miller and Trump want ever to recognise.
他们火炬不是为了照亮道路，而是为了点燃他们唯一力量来源的仇恨。	Their torch is meant not to light the way, but to inflame the hatreds that are their only source of power.
2006年，萨顶顶凭借独特的音乐风格加盟环球唱片，成为与环球英国总部签约的第一个中国人。	In 2006, Sa Dingding, with her unique musical style, joined Universal Music Group, and became the first Chinese national to sign a contract with Universal Music Group’s headquarters in the UK.
2017 年世锦赛：尼尔?布莱克 (Neil Black) 高度表扬了英国国家队中的苏格兰队员	World Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of Team GB
艾里德?多伊尔 (Eilidh Doyle) 回忆起当时英国国家队只有两名苏格兰人。	Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when only two Scots made the GB team
英国田径协会执行主任尼尔?布莱克表示，世锦赛小组中的由 16 名强壮的苏格兰人组成的分队将对“国家队做出巨大贡献”。	UK Athletics' performance director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent in the World Championships squad will make "a massive contribution to the team."
被挑选参加于周五开幕的 2017 年伦敦田径世锦赛的苏格兰田运动员数量创下历史之最。	A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
布莱克认为，“苏格兰正取得非同寻常的发展”，英国田径运动员必须从中学习。	Black believes "there's something special evolving" in Scotland and UK athletics must learn from that.
“我们接受并设法理解这一点，而且我们会坚持下去直到我们取得成功 ”，布莱克说。	"We embrace it and we're trying to understand it and we'll push on that until we work it out," Black said.
“我找苏格兰体育学院的的人员谈话。他们认为这与他们的作为有关。	"I speak to people in the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it's something to do with what they've done.
苏格兰田径运动员认为这与他们的作为有关。	Scottish Athletics think it's something to do with what they've done.
英国田径协会认为这与他们的作为有关。	British athletics: it's something to do with what they've done.
就连街头人士也这么认为。	And the guy on the corner street, too.
无论情况如何，这都是极其辉煌的。“	Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."
多位苏格兰田径运动员是奖牌角逐者，包括劳拉?缪尔 (Laura Muir) 和安德鲁?布查特 (Andrew Butchart) ，他们将在 5,000 米与穆?法拉 (Mo Farah) 一比高低，而艾里德?多伊尔 (Eilidh Doyle) 则被小组选为队长。	Several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will race against Sir Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle was voted by the squad to be team captain.
“艾里德有点谦虚。	"Eilidh is slightly modest.
她的队长演讲真是令人难以置信 ”，布莱克说道。	Her captain's speech was incredible," says Black.
“许多田径运动员员，无论他们是否为苏格兰人，或不论在何地生活或训练，走出房门都满怀自豪，干劲十足地走出房门。	"A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, walked out of that room feeling hugely proud and really motivated.
艾里德自然投入的激情和真感情很不错。”	The passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally put into it were great."
这名将在其第五次世锦赛中参加 400 米跨栏比赛的英联邦银牌得主表示，英国国家队中有 16 名苏格兰人，这是“令不可思议的”。	The Commonwealth silver medallist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championships, says it's "incredible" 16 Scots are in the British team.
此前，参加世界大赛的苏格兰田径运动员人数最多为7人，也就是 1983 年和2015年取得的参赛人数。	Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
中跑选手缪尔是领军人物。在过去一年中创她下了五项英国记录和两项欧洲纪录。	Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.
她将参加 1500 米和 5000 米项目比赛。	She will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m.
参加 1500 米项目比赛的克里斯?奥黑尔则是另一位值得关注的苏格兰选手，之前，她在赛季取得了很好的成绩，分别在英国国家对预选赛和奥运周年赛中获胜。	Chris O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.
多伊尔回想起她参加第一次世界锦标赛，当时队里唯一的另一名苏格兰人是李?麦康奈尔 (Lee McConnell) 。	Doyle remembers her first world championships, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee McConnell.
队长说，令她深感自豪的是，她的这么多同胞不但加入团队中，而且在一些情况下，还将挑战奖牌，角逐进入决赛。	The team captain says she's "hugely proud" of the fact so many of her compatriots have not only made the team, but, in some cases, will be challenging for medals and competing to make finals.
“成为国家队队长的特别之处在于它是由国家队的其他队员投票选出的。因此，知道你的队友投票选你去争取极为不寻常的成就，无论如何，对我来说，这都是很大的荣幸”，她补充道。	"The special thing about being team captain is that it was voted for by the other members of the team, so that it was such a huge honour anyway but to know that your teammates have voted for you and chosen you made it extra-special for me," she added.
“当然，我为所有的苏格兰队员感到非常自豪。	"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots who've made the team.
这只是表明我们走了多远。	It just shows how far we've come.
而且他们都是这里的老牌田径运动员，即将朝荣登领奖台的目的迈进的田径运动员。	And they're here as well-established athletes, athletes that are going to be looking to get on podiums.
我的队长致辞如何？	As for my captain's speech?
嗯，我认为它非常棒。	Yeah, I think it went well.
我刚才参照这一事实，即在这种情况下，我们是非常幸运的，因为我们在主场举行世锦赛。	I just drew on the fact that we're very lucky in this situation in that we've got a home World Championships.
因此，我们借助主场支持，以及因回到奥林匹克体育场而得以壮大，这才真正重要。	So it's really just the importance of drawing on that home support and thriving on the fact that we're back at the Olympic Stadium.
我将获得第二次机会参加比赛，而那里的氛围将妙不可言。”	I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just going to be such an amazing atmosphere out there."
2016年华为员工共18万，雇员费用高达1218亿，同比增长了21%。	In 2016, Huawei had total staff strength of 180,000, with wages amounting to RMB121.8 billion, up 21% year-on-year.
在脸书上屏蔽批评者：如果你不能忍受选民的责难，就不要竞选公职	Blocking critics from Facebook: Don't run for public office, if you can't take heat from voters
我们的国父了解不良媒体的作风。	The father of our country knew something about bad press.
美国人都爱华盛顿，但不久之后，各大报纸就开始猛烈抨击他的一切，从国内政策到政治原则，一个都不放过。	Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for newspapers to start slamming him on everything from domestic policy to his political principles.
他对这些批评很恼火，毫无疑问。	He chafed at the criticism, sure.
但是他并没有把这些批评者噤声。	But he did not silence his critics.
因为早在 1783 年，华盛顿就说过，“言论自由被剥夺——我们就会像羔羊一样在沉默和愚昧中被宰杀。”	Because back in 1783, Washington said, "the freedom of Speech may be taken away - and, dumb & silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter."
这让我想到了马里兰州的州长拉里·霍根，他需要向华盛顿学习。	That brings me to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who needs to work on being more like Washington.
霍根的职员屏蔽并删除了至少 450 人的帖子，因为他们在他的脸书官方主页上发表自己的观点。	Hogan's staff has blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who voiced their opinions on his official Facebook page.
美国公民自由联盟本周早些时候就此对他提起了诉讼。	And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for that earlier this week.
该州长的职员认为此次诉讼十分草率，网上报道充斥着他们的强烈反抗：“谁在乎？”	The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous, and the online commentary was rich with a "who cares?" backlash.
很多人说“这只是脸书而已。”	"It's only Facebook," plenty of folks said.
但，这很重要。	But it matters.
这一点尤其重要，因为面对的是霍根这样的人。	And it especially matters when it's a guy like Hogan.
这是一位在一个民主占大多数的州担任州长的共和党人，而且他还出奇地受欢迎。	This is a Republican governor in an overwhelmingly Democratic state who is astonishingly popular.
在全国 50 位州长中，他得到的好评位列第二。	He has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
霍根并不是一个反动的急躁分子。	Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.
他平稳掌管马里兰州，严格遵守规则。	He's shown a steady hand in leading his state and a stern adherence to principles.
他也非常善于将脸书作为和选民联络感情的主要方式，戏谑地在主页上首次展示他化疗后的秃头。	He's also been pretty deft at using Facebook as a primary means to connect with his constituents, playfully debuting his hairless head after chemo treatments on his page.
所以屏蔽来到州长主页评论的人完全没有必要，最终也十分危险。这个主页是一个公共论坛，是由公众纳税供养的职员标榜的官方管理平台。	So blocking people who come to the governor's page - which is a public forum, labeled as official and administered by staff members paid public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
在《华盛顿邮报》的一次采访中，霍根的发言人阿米莉亚·沙斯为这位州长的行为辩护说，她认为屏蔽他们的评论不过是想让他们克制一点。	In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderating them.
但是他们过分草率地将其描述为席卷网络的洪水猛兽或愤世嫉俗者。	But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful folks lashing out online.
《华盛顿邮报》与被霍根屏蔽的人面对面交谈过。	The Post talked to some of the real people blocked by Hogan.
他们只不过是普通人在跟自己选出的领导对话：他们的身份是老师、小企业主和牧师，并不是什么洪水猛兽。	And they're just that - real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, a business owner and a pastor, not trolls.
他们纷纷表示自己的评论有深度、有敬意，并不下流。	They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
这位牧师在他的帖子中引用了《圣经》的话，呼吁霍根铭记他的天主教信仰。	The pastor quoted the Bible in his post, appealing to Hogan's Catholic faith.
马里兰州鲍伊的大律师拉克希米·萨尔马·拉马尼并没有愤世嫉俗，但是她询问了关于仇恨犯罪的问题。	Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md., wasn't hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.
她在《华盛顿邮报》的新闻故事评论部分中写道，“我很礼貌地评论道，我对他没有回复仇恨犯罪和其他最近的新闻事件表示失望。	"I politely commented that I was disappointed in his lack of response to hate crimes and other recent news items," she wrote in the comment section of The Post's news story.
我同样也不喜欢一帮人对同一个话题发表评论，因为这些人会直接被某些人忽视，认为他们是所谓的从众心理，而不是把他们当成一群忧国忧民的公民。”	"I also do not appreciate that idea that when a number of people comment on the same topic, they are immediately disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort, rather than recognized as a large group of concerned citizens."
州长职员所称的“密集垃圾信息轰炸”在其他人看来可能是“坚持主张”。	What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would probably call "advocacy."
脸书时代让修改一条信息变得轻而易举，只需要屏蔽一个批评者或删除一条负面评论。	The Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
而且还清除得远比过去干净，在过去那个年代要做到同样的效果需要派遣职员外出搜集并焚毁带批评言论的报纸或者将抗议者逮捕或噤声。	It's a lot cleaner than the old days, when doing the same would have required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arresting and silencing protesters.
但是那确实是现在正在发生的事，不过是在数字层面上。	But that's exactly what's happening, only digitally.
霍根不是第一个因在脸书和其他社交媒体上噤声他人而受到指责的公共官员。	Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for defanging Facebook and other social media.
特朗普总统就正被推特用户起诉，因为他在推特上屏蔽了他们。	President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.
上周在弗吉尼亚州出现了一个里程碑式的裁决，就是关于此类问题的。	One of the first landmark rulings on this issue came down last week in Virginia.
据美国亚历山大市的地区法官詹姆斯·c·卡察里斯称，劳登县监督委员会主席从她的脸书主页屏蔽选民的行为违反了第一修正案。	The chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a constituent from her Facebook page.
肯塔基州州长马特·贝文 (R) 也因其对脸书和推特的使用而受到美国公民自由联盟的光顾。	And in Kentucky, Gov. Matt Bevin (R) also got a visit from the ACLU over his use of Facebook and Twitter.
这不应该这么难。	This shouldn't be so hard.
在华盛顿时代，负担得起的邮费和互联网有着相似的影响力。	In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact much like the Internet.
新闻报纸的数量在 1776 年到 1800 年间翻了四番，还有人写匿名信猛烈批评他的领导。	The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers hammered his leadership.
而且甚至在那个时候，华盛顿也有针对他的匿名洪水猛兽。	And even back then, Washington had anonymous trolls.
人们使用尤里克拉、瓦列里乌斯、贝利撒留、波久斯等假名写信给报社严厉批评华盛顿的决策。	People using the pseudonyms "Juricola," "Valerius," "Belisarius," and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers trashing Washington's decisions.
根据乔治·华盛顿报纸网上项目收集的历史文件记载，他的办公室被请愿书淹没了，都在批评他在和英国签订的《英国国王陛下与美利坚合众国友好、通商与航海条约》上的态度。	Petitions criticizing his stand on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online Papers of George Washington Project.
但是他没有将他们噤声。	But he did not silence them.
言论自由、不同政见自由和演讲自由是这个国家的根基。	Freedom of speech, dissent and discourse lie at the very foundation of our nation.
而真正的领导者需要接受这一点。	And true leadership means accepting that.
楼市一丝丝的风吹草动都牵动着人们的敏感神经。	Any movement in the property market would have an impact on the sensibilities of the general public.
限购是很多城市房地产调控政策的一道硬杠杠。	Purchase quota is a fixed threshold many cities would adopt when implementing real estate control measures.
2017年5月，济南出台规定，本科生连续缴社保半年，可享有本地常住户口居民同等购房政策；	In May 2017, Jinan issued regulations stating that undergraduates who make social security contributions consecutively for half a year will be entitled to be treated under the same residential property purchase policies as that of local residents with permanent residency.
6月，武汉出台政策，规定大学生毕业3年内凭毕业证和就业证即可落户。	In June, Wuhan issued policies that stipulate that university students may settle in the city within three years of graduation based on their graduation certificate and employment permit.
随后政策加码，官方表示，“大学生可以低于市场价20%的价格买房”；	After the policy was enhanced, officials stated that “university students are entitled to purchase residential property at a 20% discount to market price”.
7月，成都出台规定，外地大学本科及以上学历的青年人才，凭毕业证即可申请落户成都。	In July, Chengdu issue regulations stating that young talent with overseas university bachelor’s degree or higher academic qualifications may apply to settle in Chengdu based on their graduation certificate.
除此之外，还有昆山、上海临港等城市或区域也出台了 “人才引入”相关政策，对人才购房落户降低门槛。	In addition, Kunshan, Lingang in Shanghai, as well as other cities or regions also issued relevant “talent introduction” policies, and lowered the threshold for buying residential property and settling locally for talents.
张宏伟认为，这实际上是各大城市对于人口尤其是人才的争夺，留住人口尤其是人才，城市才具有竞争力，这才是这些房地产政策最重要的意义。	Zhang Hongwei believed that this was, in fact, large cities competing for population, particularly talent. Only by retaining population, particularly talent, can a city be competitive. This then, was the key significance of these real estate policies.
有人甚至认为，这意味着楼市“限购”取消的时机已到。	Some even believed that this implied that the time has come to abolish residential property “purchase quotas”.
尔冬升导演当日表示，拍摄计划由来已久，第一次改编剧本是在1999年的时候，甚至还准备找金城武来饰演燕十三。	Director Derek Yee said that day that he had plans to film for a long time. The first time the screenplay was adapted was in 1999. He was even prepared to get Takeshi Kaneshiro to play the role of Yan Shisan.
罗南·拉弗蒂期待在文艺复兴俱乐部享受回家的感觉	Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comforts at Renaissance Club
东洛锡安文艺复兴俱乐部举办第 25 届苏格兰常青公开赛，前欧洲冠军罗南·拉弗蒂将在接下来的三天中享受回家的感觉。	Former European No 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
这位北爱尔兰人去年带领隔壁的阿彻菲尔德·林克斯挺进了决赛，但最终输给了保罗·伊尔斯。他现在为该新会场工作，代表俱乐部创始人兼首席执行官杰瑞·萨尔瓦蒂担任赛事大使。	The Northern Irishman, who led next door at Archerfield Links heading into the final round last year before losing out to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and is acting as tournament ambassador on behalf of the club's founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
拉弗蒂说：“我目睹了文艺复兴俱乐部成立，我们也会通过这次比赛见证它的荣光。	"I watched Renaissance Club being built, and we're seeing it come to its glory with this event," said Rafferty.
运动员们将会看到这个球场的最佳面貌和最佳状态。	"The players will see this course at its finest, it is in fabulous condition.
杰瑞把这个地方创办得无与伦比。	Jerry has done a fabulous job setting this place up.
他是此次比赛的热衷拥护者，也对在这里取得成就感到十分自豪。	He's a keen advocate of this game and is proud of his achievement here.
这是展示这个球场的最佳舞台。”	This is a great showcase for this course."
英格兰人伊尔斯期待第一次卫冕，尽管在 32 年的职业生涯中，他已同时赢得欧洲巡回赛和欧洲挑战巡回赛。	Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time despite winning on both the European Tour and European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
这位绍斯波特的运动员说：“这确实非常特别。	"This does feel really special," said the Southport-based player.
我没有卫冕埃斯特雷马杜拉公开赛，因为在我获胜的第二年，这场比赛就取消了。	"I didn't get to defend the Extremadura Open because that was taken off the schedule the year after I won it.
来到这个地方感觉很神奇，	Coming back to this part of the world is magical.
在这里打高尔夫非常美妙。	It's a wonderful place to play golf in.
去年的回忆一一浮现，对我和我的妻子莎伦来说，去年的获胜对我们有着特殊的意义。	The memories from last year are coming back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win last year.
那真的是一次特别的回忆，我们会永远铭记。”	It was a really special time and one we will always cherish."
回到故土比赛的是盖瑞·奥尔，他今年早些时候刚满 50 岁，然后还参加了欧洲常青巡回赛。	Making his return to action on home soil is Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour after turning 50 earlier this year.
这次是他自 2013 年苏格兰高尔夫公开赛起第一次参加苏格兰比赛。	This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
海伦斯堡人奥尔表示：“回家乡比赛总会有更多意义，	"It always means a little bit more when you're playing at home," said Helensburgh man Orr.
你想要做好；但是又能感觉到那股额外的压力。	"You want to do well; but you do feel that extra pressure.
能够再次比赛我真的很享受，我一直在打高尔夫。	I've really enjoyed playing again and I've played some solid golf.
我很满意目前的状况。”	I'm happy with how it's going so far."
加入场内三人组的是前大师赛获胜者伊恩·伍斯南和常青大赛冠军保罗·布罗德赫斯特、罗杰·查普曼、马克·詹姆斯和马克?麦纽提。	Joining the trio in the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior major champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
场上共六位苏格兰运动员，奥尔和前莱德杯队长萨姆·托伦斯是其中之二，另外四位为安德鲁·奥德柯恩、斯蒂芬·麦卡利斯特、比尔·郎缪和罗斯·德拉蒙德。	Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among six Scots in the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
入场免费，停车费为载有一位乘客的每辆车收费 5 英镑，载有两位或多位乘客的每辆车收费 10 英镑。	Admission is free of charge, with car parking charged at £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.
所收费用均捐献给前列腺癌慈善组织 Prostate Cancer UK。	All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
中国环境保护部环境监察局局长邹首民22日在北京介绍，8月份，全国范围内实施按日连续处罚案件共57件，今年初实施的新修订《环境保护法》明显加码中国环境执法力度。	Zou Shoumin, Director of the Bureau of Environmental Supervision of the Ministry of Environmental Protection, said on the 22nd in Beijing that on a nationwide basis, 57 cases were subject to consecutive daily fines. The newly amended “Environmental Protection Law”, implemented at the beginning of this year, has significantly enhanced environmental law enforcement efforts in China.
目前，中国各地环保机关可使用按日连续处罚、查封扣押、限产停产以及移送行政拘留等处罚手段查处环境违法行为，并与司法机关配合惩治环境犯罪。	Presently, the environmental protection bureaus across China may use various means of punishment to investigate and deal with conduct in violation of environmental regulations such as impose consecutive daily fines, close down operations and/or distrain, limit or suspend production, and persons held under administrative detention. They will also work together with judicial organs to punish environmental crimes.
邹首民介绍，8月份，中国各地共实施查封、扣押案件共335件；实施限产、停产案件共177件；移送行政拘留共189起，移送涉嫌环境污染犯罪案件共166件。	Zou Shoumin said that in August, a total of 335 cases were concerned with closing close down operations and/or distrain; 177 cases pertained to limiting or suspension of production; 189 cases were concerned with persons held under administrative detention; and 166 cases pertained to persons held under suspicion of environmental pollution crimes.
其中，河南实施按日连续处罚7件，当前，中国正在从末端管控至全程嵌入，全面加力环境污染治理。	In particular, Henan imposed consecutive daily fines on seven cases. At present, China is moving from control at the end toward being involved throughout the entire process, intensifying efforts to treat environmental pollution on an all-round basis.
虽然经济下行压力显现，但中国环保部此前已明确表态，中国应正确处理好环境保护在经济发展中的定位，增强“绿色定力”，越是经济增速下行，越不能放松环保，发挥好环境保护对经济的优化作用。	Although pressures from slower economic growth have emerged, China’s Ministry of Environmental Protection had already made its position clear; China should correctly and appropriately position environmental protection in economic growth, and increase “green determination”. The more economic growth decelerates, the more it should hold fast to environmental protection, and ensure that environmental protection plays a positive role in optimizing the economy.
没有最高，只有更高，贵州茅台股价在创新高的道路上根本停不下来。	There’s no peak, only higher. The share price of Kweichow Moutai has continued to set new highs unabated.
1月9日，A股“股王”贵州茅台股价再次创出历史新高，截至收盘收于782.52元，总市值达9830亿元，距离万亿市值仅一步之遥。	On January 9, A-share “champion” Kweichow Moutai set another new record high, closing at RMB782.52 for the day. Total market capitalization amounted to RMB983 billion, just a stone’s throw from the RMB1 trillion market capitalization mark.
1499元的指导价较此前1299元的零售价上涨了200元。	The guidance price of RMB1,499 was RMB200 higher than the previous retail price of RMB1,299.
2017年12月28日贵州茅台发布公告称经研究决定，自2018年起适当上调茅台酒产品价格，平均上调幅度18%左右。	On December 28, Kweichow Moutai announced that upon study, it has decided to appropriately hike the price of Moutai liquor products in 2018; on average, the magnitude of the hike would be approximately 18%.
此次提价举动刺激了贵州茅台股价飙涨，北京晨报记者统计发现，贵州茅台提价消息宣布的8个交易日以来，贵州茅台股价上涨了95元，涨幅超过14%。	This price hike caused Kweichow Moutai shares to soar. A Beijing Morning Post reporter calculated and found that Kweichow Moutai’s share price had increased by RMB95, or more than 14%, over the eight trading days since the company announced its price hike.
统计显示，2017年贵州省1-3季度生产总值为9500亿元，茅台市值将贵州省去年前三季度GDP远远甩在身后。	Data showed that the aggregate output value of Guizhou Province for the first to the third quarters of 2017 amounted to RMB950 billion. Maotai’s market capitalization far outstripped Guizhou Province’s GDP for the first three quarters.
在茅台的带动下，白酒类上市公司纷纷开启提价控货节奏，坐享消费升级带来的红利。	Driven by Moutai, listed baijiu companies began to introduce price hikes and control supply, enjoying the dividend brought about by consumption upgrading.
2017年以来，大多数白酒上市公司股价持续大涨，其中水井坊、五粮液、山西汾酒、贵州茅台等股价涨幅超过一倍。	2017 year-to-date, the share prices of most listed baijiu companies have continued to soar. In particular, the share prices of Swellfun, Wuliangye Yibin, Shanxi Xinghuacun Fen Wine, and Kweichow Maotai have at least doubled
在进入微软的实时对话翻译模式后，屏幕被分为两等份，对话的两位用户可以各自选择自己那一边的语言。	After entering Microsoft’s real-time dialog translation mode, the screen is divided into two parts. The two users in the dialog may each select their own language.
12月21日早上，科维托娃完成手术，医生修复了她5根手指的所有肌腱和2根神经。	On the morning of December 21, Kvitova’s operation was completed, and all tendons and two nerves of her five fingers were repaired well.
持有中国绿卡的外籍高层次人才创办科技型企业，可享受“国民待遇”。	High-level foreign talent with Chinese green cards who found technology enterprises may enjoy “citizen treatment”.
“二十条”措施中，第一条就是“支持持永久居留身份证外籍高层次人才创办科技型企业”。	The first of the “20 measures to further open up and actively utilize foreign investment” states that China would “support high-level foreign talent who hold permanent residence permits found technology related enterprises”.
国家统计局数据显示，2017年前三季度中国GDP同比增长6.9%，比上年同期加快0.2个百分点。其中一季度、二季度、三季度分别增长6.9%、6.9%、6.8%，连续9个季度运行在6.7-6.9%区间，保持中高速增长。	Figures from the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that China’s GDP grew 6.9% year-on-year for the first three quarters of 2017, 0.2 percentage points higher than the same period last year. In particular, the growth rates for the first, second and third quarters were 6.9%, 6.9% and 6.8%, respectively. For nine consecutive quarters, GDP growth ranged between 6.7% and 6.9%, maintaining a medium to high rate of growth.
北京时间12月20日，阿扎伦卡通过社交媒体宣布顺利产下一子，升级做了母亲。	On December 20th, Beijing time, Azarenka announced through social media that she had given birth to a child and upgraded to be a mother.
俄媒称普京将拥有国产新专车：单价比奔驰便宜15％	Russian media claimed Putin has a new locally produced vehicle: 15% cheaper than a Mercedes Benz
参考消息网1月18日报道 俄媒称，俄罗斯工贸部长曼图罗夫表示，总统普京“车队”的汽车单价从600-700万卢布起。	Reference News January 18 report Russian media claimed that Russia’s Minister of Trade and Industry, Denis Manturov, said that the unit price of the automobiles in President Putin’s “motorcade” is priced at RUB6-7 million or higher.
预算目标是把价格控制在比梅赛德斯-奔驰S级汽车低15%。	The budget target is to contain the price at 15% lower than a Mercedes-Benz S class.
据俄罗斯连塔网1月16日报道，2月底至3月初，总统座驾的主要研发单位——俄罗斯国家汽车工程研究院（NAMI）将向联邦警卫局交付16辆车。	Russia Lianta network reported on January 16 that from the end of February to the end of March, the key R&D unit for the President’s automobiles - Central Scientific Research Automobile and Automotive Engines Institute (NAMI) - will deliver 15 automobiles to the Federal Protective Service.
报道称，“车队”项目要求用统一模块平台为国家头号人物制造3种汽车——加长轿车、三厢车和小型客车。该项目的预算拨款为124亿卢布。	The report states that the “motorcade” project requires manufacturing three types of vehicles - limousine, three-carriage vehicle and a small passenger vehicle - for the nation’s leader using a the same module platform. The budget allocation for this project is RUB12.4 billion.
报道称，为总统制造苏联以来第一辆国产加长轿车的消息出现在大约5年前。根据研发单位的计划，新汽车将安装800马力发动机和装甲，整车重量为6吨。	The report claimed that news of manufacturing the first locally produced limousine in Russia for the President emerged some five years ago. According to the plans of the R&D unit, the new automobile will be equipped with a 800hp engine and armor, and will weigh six tonnes.
据悉，德国保时捷公司的工程技术团队参与了动力装置研发。	It is understood that the engineering and technology team of Germany’s BWM is participating in the R&D of the engine unit.
另据塔斯社1月16日报道，曼图罗夫告诉记者，“车队”系列汽车将从2019年起对外零售，各种配置的车型都能买到。	Elsewhere, according to reports by TASS on January 16, Manturov told reporters that the “motorcade” series of automobiles will be sold externally from 2019. All configured models will be available.
这位部长说：“从明年开始，所有感兴趣的人都能订购，不管是防弹型还是豪华型，没有任何销售限制。”	This minister said, “From next year onward, all interested parties may place an order. There are no sale restrictions on any model, whether it is the bullet-proof or the luxury model.”
俄罗斯工贸部计划在2020年后把“车队”系列汽车的年产量提高到1000辆以上。	Russia’s Ministry of Trade and Industry plans to increase the annual production of the “motorcade” series of automobiles to more than 1 million after 2020.
曼图罗夫说：“我们现在生产18辆就满负荷了，今年的产量是70辆以上，明年达到200辆，后年300辆甚至更多。”	Manturov said, “Manufacturing 18 units puts us at full capacity now. This year’s output is more than 70 units, with 200 units next year, and 300 or even more the year after.”
（编译/贺颖骏）	(Editor/He Yingjun)
各位观众，晚上好	Good evening, viewers.
今天是十二月一日星期五，农历十月十四，欢迎收看新闻联播节目	Today is December 1st, Friday, the 14th day of the 10th month of the lunar calendar, welcome to Xin Wen Lian Bo.
首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。	In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.
习近平出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式并发表主旨讲话，王沪宁出席对话会第一次全体会议。	Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting and delivered a keynote speech. Wang Huning attended the first plenary session of the dialogue.
习近平分别会见	Xi Jinping met respectively
前来出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的缅甸国务资政昂山素季和柬埔寨人民党主席、政府首相洪森。	with Myanmar's State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi and President of the Cambodian People's Party and Prime Minister of the government Hun Sen, who came to attend the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting.
李克强会见俄罗斯总统普京。	Li Keqiang met with Russian President Putin.
李克强抵达索契出席上海合作组织成员国总理第十六次会议。	Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries.
中国民主促进会第十二次全国代表大会在京开幕，汪洋代表中共中央致贺词。	The 12th National Congress of the Chinese Association for the Advancement of Democracy opened in Beijing. On behalf of the CPC Central Committee, Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory message.
多国政党领导人在北京参观砥砺奋进的五年大型成就展，肯定中国巨变，分享中国发展经验。	The leaders of many countries' political parties visited the Forge Ahead Five-Year Major Achievements Exhibition in Beijing, , where they affirmed the tremendous changes that have taken place in China and shared in the experience of China's development.
艰难推进，和谈双方开启近距离同步会议	on the Syria Issue, as both parties to the peace talks begin a closely synchronization conference.
各位观众，今天的新闻联播节目大约需要三十五分钟。	Viewers, today's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast will be roughly 35 minutes.
接下来请您收看详细内容。	Next, please watch the details.
中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平十二月一号在人民大会堂出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式，并发表	On December 1st, General Secretary of CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting at the Great Hall of the People and delivered
题为《携手建设更加美好的世界》的主旨讲话	a keynote speech entitled "Building a Better World Together"
习近平强调政党要顺应时代发展潮流、把握人类进步大势	Xi Jinping emphasized that political parties should conform to contemporary development trends, grasp the general trend of human progress,
愿同各方推动构建人类命运共同体的真诚愿望	to work with all parties to promote the construction of a community with a shared future for mankind.
政党在国家政治生活中发挥着重要作用，也是推动人类文明进步的重要力量。	Political parties play an important role in the political life of countries and are also an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization.
年终岁末，来自世界各国近三百个政党和政治组织的领导人齐聚北京，共商合作大计。	At the end of the year, leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from all over the world gathered in Beijing to discuss plans for cooperation,
习近平指出，今天人类生活的关联前所未有，同时人类面临的全球性问题也前所未有。	Xi Jinping pointed out that humankind is more interconnected than at any time in history, and that at the same time, humankind faces unprecedented global problems.
世界各国人民前途命运越来越紧密地联系在一起。	The future and the destinies of the citizens of every country in the world are increasingly linked.
世界各国人民应该秉持天下一家理念，彼此理解、求同存异	People of all countries in the world should uphold the concept of one world, understand each other, seek common grounds while reserving differences,
共同为构建人类命运共同体而努力	and work together to make efforts to build a community with a shared future for mankind.
我提出一带一路倡议，就是要践行人类命运共同体理念。	I propose the Belt and Road Initiative, that is, to practice the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind.
习近平强调，我们要努力建设一个远离恐惧，普遍安全的世界，坚持共同、综合、合作、可持续的新安全观。	Xi Jinping stressed that we must strive to build a world free from fear, universally safe, and that upholds a common, integrated, cooperative, and sustainable new conception of security,
我们要努力建设一个远离封闭、开放包容的世界，坚持世界是丰富多彩的、文明是多样的理念。	We must strive to build a world far away from self-isolation, open to others, which uphold the principle that the world is rich and colorful and civilizations are diverse,
让各种文明和谐共存。	and allow all civilizations to coexist harmoniously.
我们要努力建设一个山清水秀、清洁美丽的世界，坚持人与自然共生共存的理念，共同营造和谐宜居的	We must strive to build a clean and beautiful world with green mountains and clear waters, and adhere to the concept of symbiotic coexistence between man and nature, and jointly create a harmonious and livable
人类家园	home for humanity
建立求同存异、相互尊重、互学互鉴的新型政党关系。	that seek common ground while reserving differences, respect one another, and learn from each other's experiences on the basis of a new type of international relations.
搭建多种形式、多种层次的国际政党交流合作网络，汇聚构建人类命运共同体的强大力量。	We should build a network of international political parties for exchange and cooperation in various forms and at various levels, and bring together powerful forces to build a community with a shared future for mankind.
我们要把自己的事情做好，这本身就是对构建人类命运共同体的贡献。	We need to accomplish our own tasks well, which itself is a contribution to building a community with a shared future for mankind.
我们也要通过推动中国发展给世界创造更多机遇。	We must also create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development.
我们不输入外国模式，也不输出中国模式，不会要求别国复制中国的做法。	We do not import foreign models nor export the Chinese model, and we will not ask other countries to copy Chinese practices.
第一	First,
中国共产党将一如既往为世界和平安宁作贡献。	the Chinese Communist Party will make contributions to the peace and tranquility of the world.
中国将高举和平、发展、合作、共赢的旗帜，始终不渝走和平发展道路，积极推进全球伙伴关系建设。	China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation, and mutual benefit. It will unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and actively promote the building of a global partnership,
主动参与国际热点难点问题的政治解决进程。	and actively participate in the process of political settlement of difficult hot-button international issues.
中国无论发展到什么程度，都永远不称霸，永远不搞扩张。	No matter to what degree China is developed, it will never become a hegemon and or engage in expansionism.
到本世纪中叶中国将建成富强民主文明和谐美丽的社会主义现代化强国。	By the middle of this century, China will build a prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious, and beautiful socialist modern power.
这将造福中国人民，也将造福世界各国人民。	This will benefit the Chinese people, and benefit all the peoples of the world as well.
我们倡议世界各国政党同我们一道，为世界创造更多合作机会，努力推动世界各国共同发展繁荣。	We call on all political parties in the world to work with us to create more opportunities for cooperation for the world, and strive to promote the common prosperity and development of all countries in the world.
中国共产党历来强调树立世界眼光，积极学习借鉴世界各国人民创造的文明成果，并结合中国实际加以运用。	The Chinese Communist Party has always stressed the importance of establishing a global perspective, actively learning from the achievements of civilization by the people of all countries in the world, and applying the same in the light of China's actual conditions.
开展对话和交流合作，支持各国人民加强人文往来和民间友好。	and support the people of all countries in strengthening humanistic exchanges and people-to-people friendship.
将中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会机制化，使之成为具有广泛代表性和国际影响力的	to institutionalize the high-level dialogue between the Chinese Communist Party and global political parties so that they can become a platform for high-level political dialogue with broad representation
高端政治对话平台	and international influence.
中国古代思想家孔子	Confucius, an ancient Chinese thinker,
说过	said that
益者三友，友直，友谅，友多闻。	there are three friendships which are advantageous. Friendship with the upright; friendship with the sincere; and friendship with the observant.
中国共产党愿广交天下朋友。	The Chinese Communist Party hopes to make friends all over the world.
长期以来，中国共产党同世界上一百六十多个国家和地区的四百多个政党和政治组织保持着经常性联系。	For a long time, the CPC has maintained regular contacts with more than 400 political parties and political organizations in more than 160 countries and regions in the world.
分享治党治国经验	share experiences in governing the party and state,
增进彼此战略性的	and enhance mutual strategic cooperation with other people in the world
中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会以构建人类命运共同体、共同建设美好世界政党的责任为主题，来自一百二多个国家的近三百个政党和政治组织的领导人共六百多名中外方代表与会。	The CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-level Meeting focuses on the responsibility of building a community of shared future for mankind and jointly building beautiful global political parties. Leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations in over 120 countries, altogether more than 600 Chinese and foreign representatives, attended the meeting.
缅甸国务资政昂山素季，俄罗斯统一俄罗斯党总委员会主席团副书记热列兹尼亚克，美国共和党全国委员会司库安东尼帕克。	State Counselor of Myanmar Aung San Suu Kyi, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Federation's General Committee Reznianek, Treasurer of the U.S. National Republican Committee Anthony Parker,
埃塞俄比亚人民革命民主阵线副主席、政府副总理德梅克在全体会议上分别致辞，高度评价习近平关于构建人类命运共同体	and Vice President of Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front and Deputy Prime Minister of the government Demeke respectively addressed the plenary session and spoke highly of Xi Jinping's proposal to build a community with a shared future for mankind
彼此理解、相互支持、协调配合。	that concern both of our core interests and major concerns.
各领域务实合作取得积极进展，两国关系保持健康稳定发展的良好势头。	The pragmatic cooperation in all fields has made positive progress, and the relations between our two countries have maintained a healthy momentum of sound and steady development.
习近平指出，中国党和政府将一如既往地奉行同缅甸友好方针，从战略高度和长远角度	Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese party and government will, as always, adhere to the principle of friendship with Myanmar and view bilateral relations from
看待两国关系	a strategic and long-term perspective.
我们愿同缅方一道，牢牢把握中缅关系发展正确方向，落实好双方达成的各项共识。	We are willing to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction for the development of bilateral relations and implement all consensuses reached by both sides,
积极探讨建设中缅经济走廊等新的合作增长点，推动中缅关系又好又快发展	actively explore new points of growth for cooperation in building the economic corridor between China and Myanmar, and promote the sound and rapid development of bilateral relations
习近平表示，今年十月召开的中共十九大对中国具有重大战略意义。	Xi Jinping said that the 19th National Congress held in October this year is of great strategic significance to China.
大会总结了中共十八大以来的各项工作。	The Congress summed up all the work since the 18th CPC National Congress.
并将构建人类命运共同体作为新时代中国外交努力方向。	It also regarded constructing a community with a shared future for mankind as a new direction of China's diplomatic efforts.
缅中关系对缅方而言具有特殊重要意义，我们有历史悠久的民间友好情谊。	Myanmar-China relations have a special significance for Myanmar. We have a long history of people-to-people friendship.
也有近年来相互信任、彼此尊重的密切合作，感谢习近平总书记对缅中关系的高度重视，我们充分感受到了中国党和政府的真诚友好情谊。	There has also been close cooperation in mutual trust and respect for one another in recent years. We thank General Secretary Xi Jinping for attaching such great importance to the relations between the two countries. We fully feel the sincere friendship between the Chinese party and the government.
习近平表示，洪森首相是中国党和人民的好朋友、老朋友、真朋友。	Xi Jinping said Prime Minister Hun Sen is a good friend, old friend, and true friend of the Chinese party and people.
当前，中柬关系处于历史最好时期	At present, relations between China and Cambodia are at their best in history.
双方政治互信不断增强，务实合作持续扩大，人文交流日益密切，为两国人民带来了实实在在的利益。	Mutual political trust between the two countries has been continually enhanced, practical cooperation has continued to expand, and humanistic exchanges have become increasingly closer, which has brought tangible benefits to both peoples.
明年是中柬建交六十周年，希望双方以庆祝两国建交六十周年为契机，推动两国关系深入发展、行稳致远。	Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia, and we hope both sides will take this opportunity to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries to push forward the in-depth development of bilateral relations and long-term stability.
柬方始终给予中方坚定支持	Cambodia has always given China strong support.
中方一贯支持柬埔寨走符合本国国情的发展道路， 支持柬政府	China has always supported Cambodia in taking a development path that matches its own national conditions and supported the Cambodian government's efforts
中方愿同柬方一道，积极拓展两国战略合作，发挥两党交往对两国关系的政治引领作用。	China is ready to work with Cambodia to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and fully utilize the politically leading role of exchange between the two parties in relations between the two countries,
拓展务实合作广度深度，加强防务及执法安全领域合作，促进人文交流，密切双方在联合国	expand the depth of pragmatic cooperation, strengthen cooperation in the areas of defense and law enforcement and security, promote humanitistic exchanges, and work closely in cooperation and collaboration in multilateral mechanisms, such as the United Nations, East Asian cooperation, and Lancang-Mekong cooperation
东亚合作、澜湄合作等多边机制中的协调和配合，携手打造牢不可破的中柬命运共同体。	to work together to build an unbreakable community for a shared Sino-Cambodian future.
作出了中国特色社会主义进入新时代的重大政治判断 ，指出了社会主要矛盾的新变化，明确了	It made major political judgments on the socialism with Chinese characteristics entering into a new era, pointed out new changes in major social conflicts and defined
洪森对习近平得到全党全国人民拥护、再次当选中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺。	Hun Sen extended warm congratulations to Xi Jinping for winning the support of the entire party and the people throughout the country and for being reelected as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee.
高度评价中方举办中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会	He spoke highly of China holding this grand meeting of global political parties, a dialogue meeting between the Chinese Communist Party
他表示，中方是柬方高度信任和充分信赖的亲密伙伴，柬方对柬中关系感到满意。	He said that China is a close partner of Cambodia with a high degree of confidence and full trust. Cambodia is satisfied with the relations between Cambodia and China.
不断提升自身执政能力和水平	and continue to improve our own ability and level of governance
丁薛祥、杨洁篪等参加上述会见。	Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.
国务院总理李克强当地时间十一月二十九号 ，在莫斯科克里姆林宫会见俄罗斯总统普京。	On the 29th of November local time, Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Kremlin in Moscow.
李克强首先转达了习近平主席对普京总统的诚挚问候和良好祝愿。	Li Keqiang first conveyed President Xi Jinping's sincere greetings and good wishes to President Putin.
李克强表示，中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会闭幕后不久，习近平主席同普京总统在越南岘港成功会晤。	Li Keqiang said that President Xi Jinping met with Putin in a successful meeting in Da Nang, Vietnam, shortly after the closing ceremony of the 19th CCP National Congress.
李克强指出，当前两国经济合作正迈出坚实步伐，传统领域合作持续推进，新领域合作也取得进展。	Li Keqiang pointed out that at present, the economic cooperation between the two countries is taking solid steps. Cooperation in traditional areas has been continuously pushed forward and cooperation in new areas also made progress.
中方愿将一带一路倡议同欧亚经济联盟加强对接。	China hopes to reinforce the connection between the Belt and Road Initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.
李克强强调，中方愿同俄方加强在国际事务中的沟通协调。	Li Keqiang stressed that China is ready to step up its communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.
密切在上海合作组织等多边框架内的合作， 共同助力地区合作稳中求进	We will work closely for cooperation within multilateral frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization to help seeking advancement while stabilizing cooperation in the region
为世界的和平发展注入建设性力量	and work to inject constructive force into the peaceful development of the world.
普京欢迎李克强来俄出席上海合作组织成员国总理会议。	Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to Russia to attend the Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries.
他表示	He expressed that
当前俄中贸易增长势头良好，能源、交通基础设施、农业、地方等领域合作积极推进。	at present, the trade between Russia and China has enjoyed good growth momentum and that cooperation in energy, transport infrastructure, agriculture and local areas has been actively promoted.
欧亚经济联盟和一带一路倡议具有互补性。	The Eurasian Economic Union and the Belt and Road Initiative are complementary.
希望双方对接好发展战略，更好实现互利双赢。	We hope that both sides will lead well in development strategy and better realize win-win, mutually beneficial cooperation.
双方还就共同关心的国际和地区问题交换看法。	Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern.
各位观众这里是俄罗斯索契国际机场， 应俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫邀请当地时间三十号中午国务院总理李克强抵达这里。	Viewers, this is Russia's Sochi International Airport. At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Medvedev, Premier Li Keqiang arrived here on the noon of the 30th, local time,
出席上海合作组织成员国总理第十六次会议， 俄罗斯政府高级官员和中国驻俄罗斯大使李辉等在机场迎接。	to attend the 16th Prime Ministerial Meeting of SCO Member Countries. Senior officials of the Russian government and the Chinese ambassador in Russia, Li Hui, welcomed him at the airport.
李克强表示，上海合作组织成立十六年来	Li Keqiang said that since its establishment 16 years ago, the SCO
已经成为维护地区安全稳定、促进共同发展繁荣的重要平台。	has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity.
我期待同各方齐聚黑海明珠索契，在上合组织首次扩员后，共同梳理成果，挖掘潜力。	I look forward to meeting with all parties in Sochi, the Pearl of the Black Sea, to sort out the results and tap potential after the first SCO enlargement.
在新的起点上	At this new starting point,
当地时间十一月三十号下午，国务院总理李克强在索契下榻饭店会见塔吉克斯坦总理拉苏尔佐达，巴基斯坦总理阿巴西，乌兹别克斯坦总理阿里波夫。	On the afternoon of November 30th local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Tajikistan Prime Minister Rasulzoda, Pakistani Prime Minister Abbasi and Uzbekistan Prime Minister Aripov in their hotel in Sochi.
拉苏尔佐达表示，欢迎中方继续参与塔电力开发、天然气管道、交通设施等重要项目。	Rasulzoda said that China is welcome to continue to participate in power development, natural gas pipelines, transport facilities, and other important projects of Tajikistan.
塔方愿为中国企业提供优惠政策支持。	Tajikistan hopes to provide preferential policy support for Chinese enterprises.
在会见阿巴西时李克强表示 ，中方愿秉持高度的政治诚意，同巴方探讨自贸区建设	When meeting with Abbasi, Li Keqiang said that China willl uphold its high level of political sincerity, explore the construction of a free trade area with Pakistan,
促进双方贸易平衡发展， 推动两国企业加强合作。	promote the balanced development of trade between the two countries, and promote cooperation between the two countries.
感谢巴方对中国在巴企业和公民提供的安全保障	We thank Pakistan for its security guarantee provided to Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan.
中方愿同巴方继续开展安全防务合作， 为地区和平稳定做出贡献。	China is ready to continue its cooperation in security and defense with Pakistan and make contributions to regional peace and stability.
李克强指出，中方欢迎巴基斯坦首次作为上海合作组织正式成员参加总理会， 愿继续同巴方密切在上合组织等多边机构	Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan as an official member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for its first time to attend the prime ministerial meeting and is willing to continue close communication and coordination with Pakistan in the multilateral agencies and regional affairs
和地区事务中的沟通协调	such as the SCO.
阿巴西表示，当前巴中经济走廊建设进展顺利。	Abbasi said that the at present, the economic corridor construction in Pakistan and China is proceeding smoothly.
巴方将继续全力推进走廊建设	Pakistan will continue to make every effort to promote corridor construction
在会见阿里波夫时李克强表示，习近平主席同今年五月访华的米尔济约耶夫总统举行会晤。	When meeting with Aripov, Li Keqiang said President Xi Jinping held a meeting with President Mirziyoyev, who has visited China in May of this year.
乌方愿同中方共同努力，加强交通设施、水电等领域合作，推动两国关系与合作全面发展。	Uzbekistan is ready to make joint efforts with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower, and other fields so as to promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation.
乌方愿加强两国在上合组织框架内合作。	Uzbekistan hopes to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the SCO framework.
暂行条例的决定， 自公布之日起施行。	The decisions on the Provisional Regulations will be implemented from the date of its promulgation.
按照党中央国务院的部署，二零一二年启动营业税改征增值税试点， 二零一六年五月一号全面推开。	In accordance with the plan of the Central Party Committee and the State Council, a pilot project to replace the business tax with a value-added tax was launched in 2012 and was fully launched from May 1, 2016.
全面推开营改增试点后	After launching the pilots to replace the business tax with a value-added tax,
原来施行营业税的服务业领域已统一征收增值税，实质上全面取消了实施六十多年的营业税 。	the service fields previously having a business tax have uniformly levied value-added taxes. The business tax that has been implemented for more than 60 years has been virtually eliminated,
并代表中共中央致贺词	and delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.
贺词指出， 中共十八大以来，党和国家事业取得了历史性成就、 发生了历史性变革。	The congratulatory speech pointed out that since the 18th CPC National Congress, the party and the country have made historic achievements, and historic changes have taken place.
统一战线和多党合作作出了重要贡献。	The united front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.
五年来，民进秉持为执政党助力、为国家尽责、为人民服务的使命担当	Over the past five years, the China Association Promoting Democracy has upheld the principle of providing assistance to the ruling party, fulfilling its duties for the country, and serving the people,
广泛深入调研，积极建言献策	conduct extensive and in-depth investigations and studies, actively offer suggestions and opinions,
为实施科教兴国战略、人才强国战略、创新驱动发展战略等作出新贡献。	and make new contributions to implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education, the strategy of strengthening the country by employing qualified personnel and the strategy of innovation-driven development,
准确把握建设中国特色社会主义参政党的要求，切实履行好参政议政、民主监督、参加中国共产党领导的政治协商职能。	accurately grasp the requirements of building socialist participating parties with Chinese characteristics, earnestly perform the functions of participating in politics and discussing politics, supervising democratically and participating in the political consultation under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
推进自身建设迈上新台阶	and promote a new level of self-building.
全国人大常委会副委员长、民盟中央主席张宝文代表各民主党派中央、全国工商联致贺词。	Zhang Baowen, Vice President of the NPC Standing Committee and President of the NLD, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the Democratic Parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
大会主席团常务主席严隽琪代表民进第十三届中央委员会作工作报告。	Yan Junqi, Executive President of the presidium of the General Assembly, delivered a working report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the People's Republic of China.
刘延东、尤权、向巴平措、张庆黎	Liu Yandong, You Quan, Qiangba Puncog, Zhang Qingli,
审议通过《中国民主促进会章程（修正案）》， 选举中国民主促进会第十四届中央委员会。	and the review has approved the Articles (Amendments) of the China Association Promoting Democracy, and will select the 14th Central Committee of the China Association Promoting Democracy.
本台消息明天出版的人民日报将发表《朝着建设网络强国目标不懈努力，习近平总书记引领推动网络强国战略综述》。	In news delivered to this station, in tomorrow People's Daily, the article "Making Unremitting Efforts Towards the Goal of Building a Cyberpower, the Strategic Review On General Secretary Xi Jinping's Leadership on Promoting a Cyberpower" will be published.
和砥砺奋进的五年大型成就展	and the Forge Ahead Five-Year Major Achievements Exhibition.
我们将中国视为世界未来的发展方向，特别是马克思列宁主义并不是一种教条它是一种哲学，必须适应国家本身的发展。	We regard China as the world's future development direction. In particular, Marxism-Leninism is not a dogma. It is a philosophy, and must be adapted to the development of the country itself.
这就是中国共产党正在做的	This is what the Chinese Communist Party is doing.
中国农工民主党第十六次全国代表大会十二月一号在京闭幕，大会圆满完成各项议程，表决通过了	The 16th National Congress of Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party was closed in Beijing on December 1. The conference successfully completed its entire agenda, and voted upon and approved
中国民工民主党第十六次全国代表大会决议， 中国民工民主党第十六次全国代表大会， 关于第十五届中央委员会报告的决议。	the Resolution of the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, Resolution on the Report of the 15th Central Committee.
全面加强自身建设， 坚决贯彻落实农工党十六大各项工作部署。	comprehensively strengthen self-construction, and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, and
以崭新的精神面貌和昂扬的奋斗姿态	with a new spirit and high-spirited attitude
谱写无愧于新时代的灿烂篇章	write a brilliant chapter worthy of a new era.
审议通过九三学社章程修正案并决定提交九三学社第十一次全国代表大会审议。	The review has approved the amendment to the constitution of the Jiu San Society and decided to submit it to the 11th National Congress of Jiu San Society for review.
已经协助一万多名游客安全回国	to help more than 10,000 tourists return home safely.
截至目前，巴厘岛机场仍处于临时开放状态。	At present, the airport in Bali is still temporarily open.
由于风向改变，阿贡火山喷出的火山灰 开始向南扩散	Thanks to changing wind direction, volcanic ash from the Agung volcano began to spread southward,
影响到巴厘岛机场及航路	affecting the airport in Bali and air routes.
为了保障安全，前往协助滞留游客回国的各航空公司机组对火山灰影响	To ensure safety, airline flight crews assisting stranded tourists to return home have made plans for the impact of
由于阿贡火山还在持续喷发，当地机场还可能随时关闭， 航空公司提醒旅客尽快回国。	As the Agung volcano is still erupting, the local airport may also be closed at any time, and the airline reminds passengers to return as soon as possible.
这座火山一九六三年剧烈喷发	The volcano erupted violently in 1963,
曾造成一千多人死亡	killing more than a thousand people.
我们无法预测此次喷发是否会比一九六三年的那次规模更大。	We cannot predict whether this eruption will be larger than the 1963 eruption.
但根据我们的评估，出现大规模喷发的可能性依然很高。	However, according to our assessment, there is still a high possibility of a massive eruption.
从二十九号晚上开始，已经有五十七架中外航空公司班机，协助巴厘岛中国游客回国。	Since the evening of the 29th, there have been 57 flights of Chinese and foreign airlines to help Chinese tourists in Bali to return home.
终于回来，下了飞机，到了自己的国家的心情也好	Finally, we came back and got off the plane. Our mood is better when returning to our own country.
据了解滞留巴厘岛的外国游客中，中国游客最多，约占四分之一。	It is said that among all foreign tourists stranded in Bali, China has the largest number, accounting for about a quarter.
目前大部分中国游客都已经回国。	At present, most Chinese tourists have already returned to China.
今晚，还将有十架飞机陆续前往协助滞留游客回国。	Tonight, there will be 10 flights to help stranded tourists returning home.
下面请看联播快讯。	Xinwen Lianbo news bulletins are next.
今天，中石油新疆油田公司正式发布， 在准噶尔盆地玛湖凹陷中心区发现世界储量最大的砾岩油田，已发现的三级石油地质储量超过十二亿吨 。	Today, the Xinjiang Oilfield Company of the China National Petroleum Corporation officially announced that they have discovered the world's largest reserves of conglomerated oil fields in the center of the Mahu Area in the Junggar Basin. The tertiary petroleum reserves discovered exceed 1.2 billion tons.
其中探明五点二亿吨原油储量	Among which, 520 million tons of reserves are proved to be crude oil.
分别同步与叙政府和反对派代表团进行了会谈	in parallel sessions.
而本轮和谈的结束日期将推迟至十二月十五号。	The end date of this peace talks will be postponed to December 15.
本轮和谈是极端组织在叙利亚境内主要力量被歼灭的新形势下召开的。	This round of peace talk is held under new conditions, given that extremist groups have been annihilated from their main forces in Syria.
巴基斯坦西北部城市白沙瓦的农业培训学院今天遭袭，多名袭击者伪装后潜入学院，并与赶到的巴基斯坦安全人员发生交火。	Today, an agricultural training institute in Peshawar, a city in northwestern Pakistan, was attacked. Several attackers camouflaged themselves and entered the institute and exchanged fire with Pakistani security personnel when they arrived.
四名袭击者被击毙。袭击事件导致九名学生身亡，数十人受伤，伤者已被送往附近医院治疗。	Four attackers were killed. The attack resulted in the death of nine students and the wounding of dozens of others. The injured were sent to a nearby hospital for treatment.
巴基斯坦塔利班已经宣称对袭击负责。	The Taliban in Pakistan has claimed the responsibility for the attack.
伊朗东南部地区今天发生里氏六点一级地震，已造成三十多人受伤。	An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale hit southeast Iran today, injuring more than 30 people.
地震震中位于科尔曼省境内，震源深度在十公里左右，地震还造成三十多间房屋受损。	The epicenter of the earthquake was in the province of Coleman, with a focal depth of about 10 kilometers. The earthquake also damaged more than 30 houses.
他希望大幅提高非能源领域收入在俄经济中的比重，以减小石油市场波动对俄经济的影响。	He hopes to substantially increase the share of non-energy income in the Russian economy to reduce the impact of fluctuations in the oil market on the economy of Russia.
二零一四年以来，受西方对俄制裁和国际油价大幅波动影响，俄经济面临较大下行压力。	Since 2014, due to the sanctions imposed by the West on Russia and drastic fluctuations in the international oil price, the Russian economy has been under great downward pressure.
二零一五年和二零一六年	In both 2015 and 2016,
为了找到生还艇员，救援时间已经延长了两倍多。	The rescue timetable has been extended more than twice to locate survivors.
有专家指出 由于失联时间已经超过了潜艇氧气理论储备时间	Some experts pointed out that because the time has exceeded the theoretical reserves of oxygen in the submarine,
加上失联附近海域被检测到有不明原因的爆炸发生，这些艇员幸存的可能性非常低。	and unexplained explosions have been detected in the vicinity of the watershed, these crew members are very unlikely to have survived.
日本静冈县富士市一个化工厂今天发生爆炸事件	Today, an explosion in a chemical plant occurred in Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan,
已导致一人死亡，十一人受伤，其中三人伤势严重。	killed one person and injured 11, of which three were seriously injured.
由于爆炸以及之后的火情引发的黑烟中可能含有有害物质，当地政府已向周边居民下达避难指示。	Due to possible harmful substances in the black smoke caused by the explosion and subsequent fires, the local government has issued evacuation instructions to surrounding residents.
各位观众晚上好。	Good evening, viewers.
晚上好。	Good evening.
今天是十二月二号星期六农历十月十五，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。	Today is Saturday, December 2, also is October 15 of the lunar calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
今天节目的主要内容有。	In tonight's program, we cover
习近平总书记在中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式上的主旨讲话赢得热烈反响。	General Secretary Xi Jinping’s opening speech which commenced a high-level dialog between the CPC and other world political parties.
李克强出席上海合作组织成员国政府首脑总理理事会第十六次会议	Li Keqiang attended the 16th session of the Meeting of Prime Ministers and Heads of Government for Member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
李克强分别会见俄罗斯总理、吉尔吉斯斯坦总理	Li Keqiang respectively met with the Russian Prime Minister, Kyrgyzstan Prime Minister,
白俄罗斯总理、哈萨克斯坦总理和阿富汗首席执行官	Belarusian Prime Minister, Prime Minister of Kazakhstan and Chief Executive Officer of Afghanistan,
张德江集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的部分	Zhang Dejiang met collectively with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties
外方代表汪洋分别会见日本和美国客人。	and met with guests from Japan and the United States respectively.
中国致公党第十五次全国代表大会开幕，王沪宁代表中共中央致贺词。	The 15th National Congress of the China Party for Public Interest was opened. Wang Huning, on behalf of the CPC Central Committee, delivered a congratulatory message.
王沪宁集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的	Wang Huning met collectively with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party
前总统国家安全事务助理弗林承认曾经向联邦调查局作伪证。	Flynn, Assistant to the former President for National Security Affairs, admitted that he gave a false testimony to the FBI.
接下来请看详细报道。	Detailed reports are next.
十二月一号，中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平在中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会开幕式上发表主旨讲话指出	On December 1, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and President Xi Jinping made a keynote speech at the opening ceremony fior the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties and he pointed out that
世界各国人民前途命运越来越紧密地联系在一起。	The future and the destinies of the citizens of every country in the world are increasingly linked.
世界各国人民应该秉持天下一家理念，彼此理解。	There should be a unified idea throughout the globe where all people of the world can can understand each other.
出席对话会的外国政党代表高度认同习近平关于推动构建人类命运共同体，携手建设美好世界的主张。	Attending representatives of foreign parties agreed with Xi Jinping’s proposal to promote building a community who believe in a shared future for mankind who can build a better world together.
认为	They believe that
这展现出中国共产党建设美好世界的决心与担当。	this shows the determination and responsibility of the Chinese Communist Party in building a better world.
努力把我们生于斯、长于斯的这个星球建成一个和睦的大家庭，把世界各国人民对美好生活的向往变成现实。	We should strive to build this planet where we were born and grow into a harmonious family where our shared yearning for a good life for all the people of the world can be turned into a reality.
面向世界近三百个政党和政治组织领导人，习近平全面系统阐述人类命运共同体的深刻内涵。	Facing nearly 300 leaders from political parties and political organizations, Xi Jinping comprehensively and systematically expounded the profound idea of a community that shares a positive future for mankind.
习近平指出，世界格局在变，发展格局在变。	Xi Jinping pointed out that the world is changing and the pattern of development is changing.
各个政党都要顺应时代发展潮流，把自身发展同国家、民族、人类的发展	All political parties must conform to the trend of the times and closely integrate their own development with the development of the country, the nation
一如既往为世界共同发展作贡献，一如既往为世界文明交流互鉴作贡献。	There is also the shared aim in making a contribution toward the common development of the world and the exchange and mutual recognition of world civilizations.
习近平的讲话明确宣示了构建人类命运共同体的中国承诺，彰显了中国共产党作为世界上最大政党的天下情怀与担当。	Xi Jinping’s speech clearly proclaimed China’s commitment to building a community of a shared future for mankind and, as the largest political party in the world, demonstrated the world’s unified feelings and responsibilities.
李克强在讲话时表示，今年六月阿斯塔纳峰会上，习近平主席同各方就巩固团结互信、加强安全合作、对接发展战略、深化人文交流等达成重要共识。	In his speech, Li Keqiang said that at the Astana Summit in June this year, President Xi Jinping reached an important consensus with all parties on consolidating mutual trust, strengthening cooperation for security, connecting development strategies and deepening exchanges for the betterment of humanity.
峰会后，中方接任轮值主席国。	After the summit, China took over the rotating presidency.
在各方积极支持下，推动各领域合作稳步发展。	With active support from all parties, it is necessary to promote the steady development of cooperation in various fields.
李克强就打造地区国家命运共同体提出以下建议。	Li Keqiang put forward the following suggestions on how to create a regional and national community of a shared future for mankind.
第一，塑造安全稳定的地区环境。	First, a safe and stable regional environment must be created.
第二，加快发展战略对接合作。	Second, the development for strategic docking and cooperation must be accelerated.
发展是应对地区冲突和地缘政治不稳定因素的有效途径。	Development is an effective way to deal with the factors of regional conflicts and geopolitical instability.
第三，提升贸易自由化便利化水平	Third, the level of trade liberalization and facilitation is to be enhanced.
稳步推进贸易自由化便利化，加快商签《上合组织贸易便利化协定》。	We must steadily promote trade liberalization and facilitation and accelerate the signing of the SCO Agreement on Trade Facilitation.
第四，构建快捷便利的联通格局。	Fourth, a fast and convenient connected pattern must be built.
第五，推进产能与创新合作深入发展。	Fifth, the in-depth development on capacity and innovation cooperation is to be promoted.
第六，系牢人文交流合作纽带。	Sixth, ties of cultural exchanges and cooperation are to be tightened.
李克强强调，今年以来，中国经济已转向高质量发展阶段，将为中国与上合组织国家的合作带来新机遇。	Li Keqiang stressed that since the beginning of this year, China’s economy has shifted to a phase of high-quality development, which will bring new opportunities for the cooperation between China and the SCO countries.
中国将把自身发展同地区国家发展对接起来，把自身安全同地区国家安全融合起来。	China will put its own development in connection with the development of the countries in the region and integrate its own security with the security of the countries in the region.
当地时间十二月一号，国务院总理李克强在索契分别会见俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫、吉尔吉斯斯坦总理伊萨科夫。	On December 1 local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian Prime Minister Medvedev, Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Isakov,
继续发挥上合组织的平台作用，为共同构建地区命运共同体、促进世界的开放包容发展与持久和平贡献智慧和力量。	continue to show their roles for the SCO, contribute to provide wisdom and strength for building a community of a shared future for mankind in the region and promote an open and inclusive development for lasting peace throughout the world.
在会见伊萨科夫时，李克强表示，希望双方继续遵循市场化原则，加快推进有关跨境交通基础设施建设合作。	When meeting with Isakov, Li Keqiang said he hopes both sides will continue to follow the principle of the market and speed up cooperation on cross-border transport infrastructure and construction,
在会见科比亚科夫时，李克强表示，希望中白双方进一步加强发展战略对接，发挥互补优势、挖掘经贸、投资合作潜力。	During his meeting with Kobyakov, Li Keqiang said he hopes both China and Belarus will further strengthen the docking of development strategies, give full play to their complementary advantages and tap the potential for economic, trade and investment cooperation.
科比亚科夫表示，白方将参与明年在华举办的国际进口博览会，希望将二零一八年确定为白中旅游年，扩大旅游合作和青少年交流。	Kobyakov said that Belarus will participate in the International Import Expo which will be held in China next year, and hopes to set 2018 as the year of a rise in tourism between China and Belarus and to expand tourism cooperation and the exchange of tourism in young people.
在会见萨金塔耶夫时，李克强表示，希望中哈双方继续共同努力。	During his meeting with Sagintayev, Li Keqiang said he hopes both China and Kazakhstan will continue to work together
落实业已达成的各项共识	to implement the various consensuses they had reached
并加强对有关成果和经验的梳理，推动双方务实合作，特别是产能合作以更大步伐向前迈进。	and strengthen its discussion of relevant achievements and experiences, push forward pragmatic cooperation between both sides, especially the cooperation in capacity-building to make greater strides forward.
萨金塔耶夫表示，哈方愿积极落实好两国领导人达成的重要共识，为进一步推进产能合作创造良好条件。	Sagintayev said Kazakhstan is willing to actively implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries and create favorable conditions for further promoting cooperation in maintaining capacity.
在会见阿卜杜拉时，李克强表示，中方支持阿民族团结政府维护国家安全稳定的努力。	During his meeting with Abdullah, Li Keqiang said China supports Afghanistan in its governmental efforts to safeguard national security and stability.
共同努力致力于稳定安全的地区环境建设，早日推动实现区域长治久安	to work hard together to establish a stable and safe regional environment and promote long-term peace and stability in the region at an early date.
阿卜杜拉表示	Abdullah said that
李克强当天下午同梅德韦杰夫共同参观了索契奥利匹克公园的冬奥会场馆。	On the afternoon of the same day, Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly visited the Winter Olympic Games venue in the Olympic Park in Sochi.
李克强表示，现在中国正在全力筹办二零二二年北京冬奥会。	Li Keqiang said that China is now fully preparing for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games.
李克强总理离开索契回国，俄罗斯政府高级官员到机场送行。	Premier Li Keqiang left Sochi and senior officials from the Russian government went to the airport to say their farewells.
十二月二号上午，国务院总理李克强在成功出席于匈牙利布达佩斯举行的第六次中国中东欧国家领导人会晤	On the morning of December 2, the Premier of the State Council Li Keqiang successfully attended the Sixth Summit of Heads of Government from China and Central and Eastern European Countries held in Budapest, Hungary,
第十六次会议后，乘专机回到北京。	He took the special plane back to Beijing.
部分兼任议会领导职务的外国政党领导人	between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties in the Great Hall of the People.
张德江说，习近平总书记在高层对话会上全面阐述了中国共产党	Zhang Dejiang said that at the meeting where the high-level dialog was held, General Secretary Xi Jinping fully elaborated the concept and proposition of the Chinese Communist Party
推动构建人类命运共同体的理念和主张，表明了中国共产党把为人类作出新的更大贡献作为自己的使命。	to promote the construction of a community of a shared vision for mankind and indicated that the Chinese Communist Party has made it its mission to make new and greater contributions to mankind.
中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋一号下午在中南海紫光阁分别会见了日本公明党党首	On the afternoon of the 1st, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, met respectively with the delegation of Japan's Komeito Party leader
习近平主席前不久会见安倍首相时指出，改善中日关系关键在于互信。	When President Xi Jinping met with Prime Minister Abe a short while before, he pointed out that the key to improving Sino-Japanese relations lies in mutual trust.
双方要落实好两国领导人的重要共识	Both sides should implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries
不断增加正向互动，创造务实合作的环境	and constantly increase the positive interaction and create an environment of pragmatic cooperation.
中国共产党愿同包括公明党在内的日本各主要政党一道	The Chinese Communist Party is ready to work with all major Japanese political parties, including the Komeito Party
增进相互理解和信任，为改善发展中日关系、造福两国人民积极努力。	to enhance mutual understanding and trust and actively make efforts on improving the development of Sino-Japanese relations for the benefit of the people of both countries.
会见美中关系全国委员会代表团时，汪洋表示，特朗普总统访华期间，两国元首达成一系列重要共识	When meeting with the delegation of the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations, Wang Yang said that during President Trump's visit to China, the heads of state of the two countries reached a series of important consensuses,
中国致公党第十五次全国代表大会二号在北京开幕。	The 15th National Congress of the China Party for Public Interest was opened in Beijing on the 2nd.
中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁会见全体与会代表。	Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with all the participants
协调推进四个全面战略布局，在服务一带一路建设、推动科技创新驱动、助力打赢脱贫攻坚战	that promoted the four comprehensive strategic layouts, and carried out in-depth investigations and studies on the construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, the promotion of innovation of science and technology, the assistance of winning the fight on poverty alleviation,
维护侨海权益，为推进新时代中国特色社会主义事业、实现祖国统一作出更大贡献	to safeguard their rights and interests and make greater efforts to promote the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics in a new era to realize the reunification of the motherland.
中共中央相信	The CPC Central Committee believes that
致公党新一届中央领导机构一定能够高举中国特色社会主义伟大旗帜，紧密团结在以习近平同志为核心的中共中央周围	the new central leadership of the China Party for Public Interest will certainly be able to hold high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and unite closely around the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.
全面加强中国特色社会主义参政党建设，团结带领广大成员在决胜全面建成小康社会、开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程中	comprehensively strengthen the construction of a socialist political party with Chinese characteristics and unite and lead the vast numbers of members in making a new contribution to building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and launch a new journey in building an
作出新贡献	all-round modern socialist nation.
全国政协副主席、台盟中央主席林文漪代表各民主党派中央和全国工商联致贺词。	Lin Wenyi, Vice President of the CPPCC National Committee and President of the Central Committee of the Taiwan Democratic Self-Government League, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of all democratic parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
全国政协港澳台侨委员会主任杨衍银代表中央涉侨单位致贺词。	Yang Yanyin, Director of the Subcommittee of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Compatriots and overseas Chinese individuals, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Chinese units affiliated to the Central Government.
大会主席团常务主席万钢	Wan Gang, Executive President of the Presidium of the General Assembly,
代表中国致公党第十四届中央委员会作工作报告	made a working report on behalf of the 14th Central Committee of the China Party for Public Interests.
审议通过《中国致公党章程修正案》，选举致公党第十五届中央委员会。	The review committee has approved the Amendment to the Constitution of the China Party for Public Interest and elected the 15th Central Committee of the Party.
中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁二号在北京集体会见出席中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会的部分外国政党领导人。	On the 2nd, Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with some foreign delegates who attended the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties in Beijing.
王沪宁表示，习近平总书记在高层对话会开幕式上发表主旨讲话，呼吁世界各国政党共同为构建人类命运共同体	Wang Huning said that General Secretary Xi Jinping made a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the high-level dialog meeting and called on all political parties in the world to jointly play a leading role in building a community of a shared future for mankind
和建设美好世界发挥引领作用	and better world.
政党要承担起这一使命，关键要加强自身建设	To take up this mission, it is crucial for political parties to strengthen their own foundation and construction.
中共十八大以来	Since the 18th CPC National Congress,
全面增强执政本领，取得显著成效	to comprehensively enhance its governing capabilities and achieved remarkable results.
我们愿与各国政党就此加强经验交流互鉴。	It was stated that they are willing to exchange experiences with other political parties in this regard.
外方高度评价习近平总书记在对话会上的主旨讲话。	Foreign parties spoke highly of General Secretary Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the dialog meeting.
高度认同习近平总书记提出的世界政党携手推动构建人类命运共同体、建设美好世界的伟大倡议。	They highly agree with the great initiative that world political parties should jointly promote the construction of a community of a shared future for mankind and a better world which was proposed by General Secretary Xi Jinping.
本台消息，今天出版的人民日报发表评论员文章，题目是共同开创人类更加光明的未来。	In other news, today, the People’s Daily published a op-ed with the topic of Jointly Creating a Brighter Future for Mankind
深化国家监察体制改革是事关全局的重大政治体制改革。	Deepening the reform of the state oversight system is a major political structural reform related to the overall situation.
党的十九大报告作出新的重大部署	The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party has made a new major deployment which was launched across the country and
从十九大作出部署到县市区监察委员会组建完成，丹东能否把全国监察体制改革中的第一步迈好。	From the 19th National People’s Congress to the completion of the establishment of the county and city commission, whether Dandong can take a positive first step in the reform of the national supervision system will be seen.
这种紧迫的工作的时间和这种工作的高标准高要求，不能再坐到办公室来指挥啦。	The time of such urgent work and the high standards of such work call for more than just sitting in and commanding from an office.
都必须到一线去现场指导，现场解决问题	They need to go to the front line to guide the scene first-hand and solve the problem.
带着县一级改革试点实施方案模板和流程图	With the implementation plan template and flow chart for the county level reform pilot
工作不断党的十九大报告对国家监察体制改革做出了明确部署，各地监察委筹建工作也都在紧锣密鼓地进行当中。	The work report of the 19th CPC National Congress made clear arrangements for the reform of the state supervisory system and preparations for the construction of the supervisory commission of various localities are also being conducted in full swing.
截至目前，内蒙古自治区包头市青山区、辽宁省沈阳市康平县、沈北新区、辽中区等地监察委员会也已经挂牌成立。	Up to now, the commissions in Qingshan District of Baotou City of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Kangping County, Shenbei New District and Liaozhong District of Shenyang City of Liaoning Province have also been set up.
在浙江绍兴外婆坑村，宣讲人坐在小板凳上和村民聊如何实现乡村振兴战略。	In Waipokeng village of Shaoxing, Zhejiang, presenters were sitting on the bench and talking with villagers about the strategy on how to achieve rural revitalization.
这个报告内容到我们村到我们家有什么关系	What is the relationship between this report and our village and our family?
我觉得关系大了，第一个你们家里首先要素质高。	I think that there is a major relationship. First, in your home, you must use it to create a high quality lifestyle.
对不对，收入高还要步步高。	Right? And the income should be higher and higher.
我告诉大家，这个只要乡村振兴战略一实施，村庄里的新产业新业态新门路会越来越多。	As soon as the strategy for rejuvenating the country is implemented, there will be more and more new approaches to new industries and these new industries will reach the villages.
宣讲员把十九大精神讲得明白，老百姓的收获实在。	The presenter made it clear that cultivation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress was carried out in ordinary people.
也就是我们把十九大的一个精神有	That is to say, we have transformed the spirit of the 19th National Congress
近年来，随着互联网及其相关技术的迅猛发展和逐步普及，我国互联网技术创新活力和应用潜力	In recent years, with the rapid development and gradual popularization of the Internet and its related technologies, the vitality and potential of Internet technology innovation in our country
正在不断地释放，社会治理创新实践持续推进，基于互联网的创新在社会发展当中的作用	are constantly increasing. The innovation and practice of social governance continues to be promoted. The role of Internet-based innovation in social development
日益凸显	is increasingly prominent.
在深圳市龙岗区妇幼保健院，一大早就有数十位怀孕十二周左右的准妈妈在等待接受一项重要的检查。	In a Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Longgang District, Shenzhen City, in the early morning, there were dozens of pregnant women who have been pregnant for about twelve weeks waiting for an important test.
截至目前，该项检测服务已突破二百四十万例，其中检测出阳性样本量达到一点七万多例。	Up to now, this test has been provided to over 2.4 million people, of which more than 17,000 were positive samples.
说明大数据是我们创新的基础和源泉，那么将来的话我们是希望能够有效推动像这个人功智能生命数据信息产业的一个整合。	This means that big data is the foundation and source of our innovation. In the future, we hope to effectively promote this integration of smart, personal life data and the information industry.
能够让新科技造福人类实现更多的民生普惠。	This will enable new technologies that can benefit mankind and achieve more benefits for people’s livelihood.
全国首家互联网法院今年八月在杭州挂牌。	The country's first Internet court was listed in Hangzhou in August this year.
电视剧《甄嬛传》原著作者状告网易云阅读平台，成为其开庭审理第一案。	The original writer of the TV series Empresses in the Palace sued NetEase cloud reading platform which makes it the first case of its kind.
庭审现场，原告席、被告席和书记员席都消失了，取而代之的是一块占满整面墙的屏幕。	In the court, the plaintiff’s seat, the dock and the clerk’s seat had disappeared, they were replaced by a screen that filled the entire wall.
审判员点击鼠标，就可以随时查看相关证据，大大提高了审判效率。	By clicking the mouse, the Judge can view the relevant evidence at any time, greatly improving the efficiency of the trial.
杭州互联网法院的设立，是司法工作主动适用互联网发展趋势的	The establishment of the Hangzhou Internet Court is a major institutional innovation in the judicial work that proactively adapts to the trend of Internet development.
重大制度创新建设网络强国需要创新的强力驱动。	It is a strong impetus for innovation in building a powerful network.
现在人们耳熟能详的共享单车、电子商务、智慧旅游等服务创新的产物	Now, people are familiar with the innovative products for service, such as shared cycling, e-commerce and smart tourism
正不断丰富人民对美好生活的向往和需求	and they are constantly enriching people's desire and demand for a better life.
云计算、大数据、高端芯片、量子通信等一系列领先技术创新	A series of leading technological innovations, such as cloud computing, big data, high-end chips and quantum communications,
互联网创新里面很大程度上是说和我们经济各个领域、社会各个领域更深度得去结合，促进了更大范围的这种这种创新。	of innovation on the Internet means that we should deepen our cooperation in all fields of our economy and in all fields of society, and promote such innovation in a wider range.
昨天，现金贷规范整顿方案发布，将对现金贷存在过度借贷、重复授信、不当催收	Yesterday, the amended norms of cash loans were released, with prominent issues from cash loan such as over loans, repeated credit, improper collection,
畸高利率、侵犯个人隐私等突出问题大力整顿。	abnormally high interest rates and violations of personal privacy will be vigorously rectified.
新规明确，未依法取得经营放贷业务资质，任何组织和个人不得经营放贷业务。	New regulations stated that no organization or individual may operate loaning businesses without obtaining the qualification for engaging in loaning business in accordance with the law.
关于民间借贷利率的规定。	on the interest rates on private loans.
各类机构或委托第三方机构均不得通过暴力、恐吓、侮辱、诽谤、骚扰等方式	Neither agencies nor entrusted third-party agencies may collect loans through violence, intimidation, humiliation,
暂停新增批小额贷款公司跨省、区、市开展小额贷款业务	New petty loan companies will be suspended from carrying out small loan businesses across the province, district and city.
已经批准筹建的，暂停批准开业	Approval of opening on these establishments will be suspended
对于不符合相关规定的已批设机构	for those approved institutions that do not meet the relevant provisions.
方案还对小贷公司表外融资、持牌金融机构参与现金贷行为等进行了规范。	The plan also regulated the off-balance-sheet financing of small loan companies, the participation of licensed financial institutions in cash loans, and so on.
证监会日前发布，对一些上市公司利用高送转配合大股东减持、限售股解禁，以及长期没有现金分红的铁公鸡等行为	Recently, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced that it has stepped up its supervision on the use of high-yields and transfer of large-capped shares, the lifting of restricted shares and the long-term absence of cash dividends by some listed companies.
加大监管力度，一旦发现违法违规行为，依法严肃处理，绝不姑息。	Once any illegal activities are found, they shall be severely dealt with according to law without any leniency.
郑州至阜阳高速铁路控制性工程，周淮特大桥跨新运河连续梁今天合龙，它采用节段预制胶接拼装技术	The Zhengzhou to Fuyang high-speed railway engineering control and the continuous beam of the Zhou Huai Bridge across the New Canal were closed today. They use segmented prefabricated plastic assembly technology
将长四百一十二点五米、宽十二点九米，总重量一万五千吨的连续梁分成九十六个节段	to divide the 412.5 meters long, 12.9 meters wide, with a total weight of 15,000 tons of continuous beams into 96 sections.
安全文明出行。	and make all trips safe and civilized.
江苏、云南、湖北、上海等地举行了送文明交通实景体验、小黄帽到学校等主题活动，宣传交通安全	Jiangsu, Yunnan, Hubei, Shanghai and other places have conducted activities, such as creating real simulations of civilized transportation and sending small yellow cabs to schools, to promote traffic safety
战伤救治等科目进行训练，实现了野战医疗向全要素的综合转变	and war-wounded treatment and achieved a comprehensive shift from medicine in the field to full-factorization.
今年，农业部在全国范围内开展了寻找最美农技员活动。	This year, the Ministry of Agriculture conducted a nationwide search for the most beautiful agricultural technological workers.
对动漫产业的上中下游产业链进行集中展示，并促进文化创意和市场的结合。	will focus on the upstream and downstream industry chains of the animation industry in three days and promote the combination of cultural creativity and the market.
接下来关注国际方面的消息	Next up, a look at international news.
美国前总统国家安全事务助理弗林一号承认，就个人与俄罗斯方面的接触向联邦调查局作伪证。	The assistant to the former President for National Security Affairs Flynn admitted that he had given a false testimony before the FBI on personal contacts with Russia.
并表示将配合负责通俄门事件调查的司法部特别检察官罗伯特米勒的调查。	And he said that he would cooperate with the investigation of Robert Mueller, the special prosecutor of the Ministry of Justice who is responsible for the investigation of the incident on Russia.
起诉文件说，弗林在向联邦调查局作证时就两次通话说谎，他称自己在去年十二月二十二号的电话中	The prosecution document said Flynn had lied on two calls when testifying before the FBI. He said he did not ask
没有通过基斯利亚克要求俄方推迟安理会相关投票，在同月二十九号的电话中	the Russian side to postpone the Security Council-related vote through Kislyak on the phone on December 22nd last year. During the phone call on the 29th of the same month,
也没有通过基斯利亚克要求俄方避免加剧美俄关系紧张	he did not ask Russia to avoid aggravating tensions between the United States and Russia through Kislyak, either.
弗林当天在法院出庭时认罪，并表示愿意配合调查	Flynn pleaded guilty when he was in court that day, and expressed his willingness to cooperate with the investigation.
据悉，对他的判决将于明年二月宣布。	It is reported that his verdict will be announced in February next year.
弗林的认罪和有关他的指控除了他个人以外不涉及任何其他人。	that Flynn’s plea and his allegations do not involve anyone other than himself.
十二月一号，土耳其以涉嫌参与去年土耳其发生的未遂军事政变为由，下令逮捕美国中央情报局前官员格雷厄姆富勒。	On December 1, Turkey ordered the arrest of Graham Fuller, a former CIA official, on the pretext of involvement in the attempted military coup in Turkey last year.
逮捕令说，去年七月土耳其发生未遂政变时，富勒就在土耳其	The arrest warrant says Fuller was in Turkey when the attempted coup occurred in July last year
富勒在政变图谋失败后	After the failure of the attempted coup,
离开土耳其。	Fuller left Turkey.
此次未遂政变造成近二百五十人丧生。	Participants in the attempted coup killed nearly 250 people.
土耳其政府指责政变主谋是现居美国的土耳其宗教人士居伦	The Turkish government accused the coup dominator as a Turkish religious person, Gulen, who lives in the United States now
一号，正在日内瓦参加叙利亚问题和谈的叙政府代表团团长贾法里表示，政府代表团二号启程回国。	On the 1st, Al-Jaafari, head of the Syrian government delegation who is participating in the peace talk on the Syrian issue in Geneva, said that the government delegation would be back home on the 2nd.
仍然是叙利亚总统巴沙尔的去留问题。	remains the problem of the state of Syrian President Bashar.
本轮和谈开始前，叙利亚反对派在沙特利雅得发表的声明中	Before this round of peace talks, in a statement issued in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, the Syrian opposition forces
坚持要求政治过渡要以巴沙尔下台为开端。	insisted that the political transition should start with the fall of Bashar.
将这次比赛办成国际体育界的盛大节日，不受任何国际形势影响	to make this competition a grand festival in international sports and will not be affected by any international situations.
世界杯比赛将于二零一八年六月十四号至七月十五号	The World Cup will be held in eleven cities such as Moscow and Sochi
在莫斯科、索契等十一个城市举行。	from June 14 to July 15, 2018.
今天的新闻联播节目播送完了，感谢您收看	This concludes tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast. Thank you for watching.
更多的新闻资讯你还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可以搜索央视新闻加，再见。	For more news, visit the CCTV news website. For the download address, search “CCTV News +”. Goodbye.
北京倡议	the Beijing Initiative.
浙江传承弘扬红船精神，激励干部群众奋发进取干在实处走在前列。	Zhejiang has both inherited and promoted the spirit of the Red Ship and encouraged agents and the people to forge ahead in their work at the forefront.
我国农村承包地确权取得了阶段性成果，已经有超过十一亿亩承包地完成确权。	After various stages with different results, over 1.1. Billion mu of contracted land has been provided for contracted management in rural China.
接下来请看详细报道。	Detailed reports are next.
本台消息，第四届世界互联网大会三号上午在浙江省乌镇开幕。	In Chinese news, the Fourth World Internet Conference was opened on the morning of the 3rd in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province.
向出席会议的各国代表、国际机构负责人和专家学者、企业家等各界人士表示诚挚的欢迎。	And sincerely welcome all the delegates, heads of international organizations and experts, scholars and entrepreneurs who attended the conference.
希望大家集思广益、增进共识，深化互联网和数字经济交流合作，让互联网发展成果更好造福世界。	We hope that everyone can pool their wisdom, enhance a meaningful consensus, deepen the exchange and cooperation between the Internet and the digital economy, and make the development of the Internet a better place for the benefit of
各国人民	of all people throughout the world.
习近平在贺信中指出，当前，以信息技术为代表的新一轮科技和产业革命正在萌发，为经济社会发展注入了强劲动力。	Xi Jinping pointed out in his congratulatory message that at present, a new technological and industrial revolution represented by information technology is in its infancy, with a strong momentum into economic and social development.
同时，互联网发展也给世界各国主权、安全、发展利益带来许多新的挑战。	At the same time, the development of the Internet has also brought many new challenges to the power, security and development interests of all countries in the world.
全球互联网治理体系变革进入关键时期。	The global Internet governance system reform has entered a crucial period.
构建网络空间命运共同体日益成为国际社会的广泛共识。	The international community is reaching a broad consensus for building a common cyberspace for the entire world.
我们倡导四项原则五点主张，就是希望同国际社会一道，尊重网络主权，发扬伙伴精神。	China advocates five principles and four proposals in the hope of working with the international community to respect network power and promote partnerships.
习近平强调，中共十九大制定了新时代中国特色社会主义的行动纲领和发展蓝图，提出要建设	Xi Jinping emphasized the program of action and a blueprint for socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era that was discussed previously at the 19th National People’s Congress of the CPC. It proposed building
推动互联网、大数据、人工智能和实体经济深度融合，发展数字经济、共享经济，培育新增长点、形成新动能。	and promoted the in-depth integration of the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy. It also spoke of developing the digital economy and shared economy and cultivating new growth points and forming a new momentum.
中国对外开放的大门不会关闭，只会越开越大。	China’s door will only open wider and wider.
王沪宁出席开幕式并发表主旨演讲。	Wang Huning attended the opening ceremony and delivered a keynote speech.
他表示，习近平主席的贺信，充分体现了对全球互联网发展趋势的深刻洞察。	He said that President Xi’s letter of congratulations fully embodies the profound insight into the global Internet development trend,
对网络空间发展治理规律的准确把握，对中国同世界各国携手发展互联网和数字经济的真诚愿望。	as well as an accurate grasp of the laws governing the development of cyberspace, and the sincere desire for China to join hands with the rest of the world in developing the Internet and the digital economy.
不仅对中国互联网发展提出了新的要求，也为中国同世界各国开展网络合作提供了新的机遇。	It not only poses new requirements for the development of China’s Internet but also provides new opportunities for China to carry out network cooperation with other countries throughout the world.
推动网络空间开放、合作、交流、共享，携手共建网络空间命运共同体	to promote openness, cooperation, exchange of ideas and sharing of cyberspace and to jointly establish a cyberspace community with a shared future.
要鼓励创新创造、增强发展活力，促进开放合作	We should encourage innovation and creation, enhance the vitality of development, promote open cooperation,
构建良好秩序，建设安全稳定繁荣的网络空间。	build a good order and establish a safe, stable and prosperous cyberspace.
黄坤明在开幕式上宣读了习近平的贺信	Huang Kunming read Xi Jinping's congratulatory letter at the opening ceremony.
泰国副总理巴金詹东、蒙古国副总理恩赫图布辛	Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand Prajin Juntong, Deputy Prime Minister of Mongolia Enkhtuvshin,
联合国副秘书长刘振民、苹果首席执行官蒂姆库克、思科首席执行官罗卓克、互联网之父罗伯特卡恩	UN Deputy Secretary-General Liu Zhenmin, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, Father of the Internet Robert Kahn,
第四届世界互联网大会十二月三日至五日举行，主题为发展数字经济促进开放共享，携手共建网络空间命运共同体。	The 4th World Internet Conference was held from December 3 to December 5 with the theme of Developing a Digital Economy, Promoting Openness and Sharing, and Working Together to Build a Cyberspace for a Shared Future.
来自五大洲八十多个国家和地区的政府代表、国际组织负责人、互联网企业领军人物、互联网名人、专家学者等	More than 1,500 delegates from over 80 countries and regions, including government representatives, heads of international organizations, leaders of Internet companies, celebrities from the Internet, experts and scholars,
共一千五百多名嘉宾参加大会。	attended the meeting.
中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁三号在浙江乌镇分别会见泰国副总理巴金、蒙古国副总理恩赫图布辛、法国前总理德维尔潘。	Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, met with Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand Prajin, Deputy Prime Minister of Mongolia Enkhtuvshin, former French Prime Minister De Villepin, Apple CEO Cook, and Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins respectively
苹果公司首席执行官库克、思科公司首席执行官罗卓克。	in Wuzhen, Zhejiang Province on the 3rd.
中方愿同泰方加强互联网治理经验交流。	China is willing to strengthen their exchange of experiences of Internet governance with Thailand.
巴金表示，泰方珍视泰中友好，愿同中方对接发展战略。	Prajin said that Thailand cherishes the friendship between Thailand and China and is ready to make a joint development strategy with China.
推动形成开放、公正、安全的网络空间。	They will promote the formation of an open, fair and secure cyberspace.
在会见恩赫图布辛时，王沪宁表示，中方愿同蒙方深化政治互信	When meeting with Enkhtuvshin, Wang Huning said that China is willing to work with Mongolia to deepen mutual political trust
照顾彼此核心利益和重大关切，落实好两国领导人重要共识。	and take care of each other's core interests and major concerns and implement the important consensus reached by leaders of the two countries.
恩赫图布辛表示，发展对华关系是蒙古国外交优先方向，蒙方坚持一个中国政策	Enkhtuvshin said that the development of relations with China is a priority for Mongolia's diplomacy. Mongolia upholds the one-China policy
在会见德维尔潘时，王沪宁表示，中方始终从战略高度重视发展中法和中欧关系。	When meeting with De Villepin, Wang Huning said that China always attaches great importance to developing Sino-French relations and China-EU relations from a strategic perspective.
双方应该共同努力促进全球互联网治理向更加公正合理方向发展。	Both parties should make joint efforts to promote the development of global Internet governance in a more just and reasonable direction.
德维尔潘表示，祝贺中国进入新时代，他将继续致力于发展法中和欧中关系，促进双方网络空间治理等领域合作。	De Villepin said that while congratulating China on entering a new era, he will continue to devote himself to developing cooperation between France and China and Europe and promote cooperative fields, such as bilateral cyberspace governance.
在会见库克时，王沪宁对苹果公司为中美数字经济发展和合作发挥的作用表示肯定。	When meeting with Cook, Wang Huning expressed his affirmation of the role played by Apple in the development and cooperation of the digital economy between China and the United States.
他说，中美在网络领域拥有广泛共同利益，双方应共同构建网络空间命运共同体	He said that China and the United States share broad common interests in the network area and both parties should work together to build a community of a shared future in cyberspace.
库克表示，互联网安全管理很重要，苹果公司赞赏中国的开放政策。	Cook said Internet security management is important, and Apple appreciates that China has opened up their policy.
愿促进两国互联网企业合作	He is willing to promote cooperation between Internet companies in both countries.
在会见罗卓克时，王沪宁表示，技术是网络空间治理的保障。	When meeting with Chuck Robbins, Wang Huning said that technology is the guarantee of cyberspace governance.
九三学社第十一次全国代表大会十二月三号在北京开幕	The 11th National Congress of the Jiu San Society opened on December 3rd in Beijing
中共中央政治局常委赵乐际会见与会代表，并代表中共中央致贺词。	Zhao Leji, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, met with the participants and delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.
充分发挥界别和人才智力优势，深入调查研究，提出许多重要意见和建议，为党和政府科学决策提供了重要参考。	They gave full play to the intellectual superiority of sectors and talents, conducted in-depth investigations and studies, put forward many important opinions and suggestions, and provided an important reference for the scientific decision-making of the party and the government.
贺词说	The congratulatory message said that
中国共产党将按照中共十九大精神，坚定不移坚持和完善中国共产党领导的多党合作和政治协商制度。	in accordance with the spirit of the 19th NPC, the Chinese Communist Party will constantly adhere to and improve the system of multi-party cooperation and political consultation led by the Chinese Communist Party.
坚定不移贯彻长期共存、互相监督、肝胆相照、荣辱与共的方针，坚定不移支持民主党派按照中国特色社会主义参政党要求更好履行职能。	They will consistently implement the principle of long-term coexistence, mutual supervision and treatment of each other with the same interests, honor, and continuously support the democratic parties to better fulfill their functions in accordance with the requirements of the participating parties for socialism with Chinese characteristics.
希望九三学社深入学习宣传贯彻中共十九大精神，增强四个意识，坚定四个自信，发挥科技界智力密集、人才荟萃的特点和优势	It is hoped that the Jiu San Society will deepen their study, promotion and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the CPC, enhance the 4 awarenesses, strengthen the 4 self-confidences, and give full play to the characteristics and advantages of the intensive intellectual and talent pool of science and technology.
中共中央相信，九三学社新一届中央领导机构一定能够肩负起历史赋予的使命和广大成员的重托。	The CPC Central Committee believes that the new leadership at the Jiu San Society will definitely be able to shoulder the heavy responsibility that history has entrusted onto them and the vast majority of its members.
不断开创九三学社工作新局面	They will constantly create new situations for the Jiu San Society.
全国人大常委会副委员长、民进第十二次全国代表大会主席团常务主席严隽琪	Vice President of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, President of the Presidium of the 12th National Congress of the China Association for Promoting Democracy Yan Junqi
代表各民主党派中央和全国工商联致贺词	delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committees for All Parties in the Democratic Party and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
大会主席团常务主席韩启德代表九三学社第十三届中央委员会作工作报告。	Han Qide, Executive President of the Presidium of the conference, delivered a report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society.
郭声琨、尤权、艾利更依明巴海、王正伟以及王志珍出席开幕会	Guo Shengkun, You Quan, Arken Imirbaki, Wang Zhengwei and Wang Zhizhen attended the opening ceremony.
本次大会将听取和审议九三学社第十三届中央委员会工作报告。	The conference members will listen to and consider the working report of the 13th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society.
审议通过《九三学社章程修正案》，选举九三学社第十四届中央委员会。	The Amendment of the Jiu San Society was approved in the review, and the 14th Central Committee of the Jiu San Society was selected.
中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会今天在北京闭幕，通过《北京倡议》。	Today, the high-level dialog between the Chinese Communist Party and world political parties was closed in Beijing and passed the Beijing Initiative.
此次对话会吸引了一百二十多个国家的近三百个政党和政治组织领导人与会，涵盖不同政治制度、不同文化背景和不同意识形态。	The dialog attracted nearly 300 leaders of political parties and political organizations from over 120 countries, covering different political systems, different cultural backgrounds and different ideologies.
对话会期间，中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平发表主旨讲话，全面阐述构建人类命运共同体，建设美好世界的中国主张。	During the dialog, the General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech, where he comprehensively expounded the Chinese proposal of building a community of a shared future for mankind and building a better world.
与会的政党不论是发达还是发展中国家都认为这点至关重要。	The participating parties, both from developed and developing countries, think this is crucial.
会议通过北京倡议强调政党间应增进互信加强沟通	The meeting adopted the Beijing Initiative and emphasized that mutual trust should be enhanced among political parties, there should be strengthened communication and
中国共产党作为世界上最大的政党，不断隔间与进步，带领中国取得世界瞩目的发展成就。	As the largest political party in the world, the Chinese Communist Party has continuously kept up with the pace of progress and led China to gain world-class development achievements.
提供公共产品。今天的中国比以往更加强大更加自信，中国致力于解决国际社会面临的共同问题。	They provide public goods, for example. Today, China is stronger and more confident than ever before. China is committed to solving the common problems confronting the international community.
并努力促进世界各国在共同目标上达成共识	And is working hard to promote a consensus among all countries of the world on a common goal.
我认为中国将在世界格局中扮演调和者的角色，中国正在成为一个全球的领导者。	I think China will play a role of mediator in the world structure and China is becoming a global leader.
中国共产党与世界政党高层对话会主旨讲话	Keynote address at the Communist Party of China in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting
浙江省大力弘扬红船精神，以坚定的行动，让工作走在时代前列。	Zhejiang Province vigorously promoted the spirit of the Red Ship, with a firm move to work at the forefront of the times.
新的一批水样刚刚采集完，刘锐和同事们就马上忙碌了起来。	A new batch of water samples were just finished being collected, Liu Rui and his colleagues were immediately busy.
在日常监测的同时	At the same time as the daily monitoring,
今年他们正努力攻克农村污水的智慧化管理课题	they are trying to tackle the smart management of rural sewage this year.
怎么样能够把它治理好，那么实际上是一个非常严峻的挑战。	How to manage it well, in fact, it is a very serious challenge.
浙江清华长三角研究院生态环境研究所就设在红船精神的发源地嘉兴。	The Institute of Ecology and the Environment, Tsinghua Yangtze River Delta Research Institute in Zhejiang Province is located in Jiaxing, the birthplace of the Red Boat spirit.
从十几年前的一无所有，到如今	From nothing more than a dozen years ago to the present,
浙江清华长三角研究院已经发展成了有三个国家级的重点创新平台、近四百名海外学子落户浙江的区域创新集聚力量。	the Research Institute of the Yangtze River Delta of Tsinghua in Zhejiang Province has developed into a platform with three key national level innovations. Nearly 400 overseas students have settled in this region to gather power for innovation in Zhejiang Province.
红船精神是我们必须遵循和理解的一股力量，创新其实是很艰难的	The spirit of the Red Boat is a force that we must follow and understand. Innovation is actually very difficult.
这里面每一个创新	There is a lot of frustration behind all innovations in this area,
都觉得无法解决的程度，那这个阶段你要坚持住，就你在不断地走不断地走。	none of them can be solved. At this stage, you have to stick to it and keep going.
原来是老百姓上门去的，现在是上上到下面来，那么就是说	Previously, ordinary people asked for help, but now, officials have come to help. That is
为老百姓办实事	to do real things for the people.
截至目前，通过这种方式，萧山区共收集问题五千九百八十五个，其中解决问题三千八百六十八个，正在办理的问题有一千四百九十六个。	Up to now, in this way, Xiaoshan District collected a total of 5,985 issues, of which 3,868 were solved and 1,496 were in the process of being handled.
我们浙江的干部有一个话就是	Our agents in Zhejiang Province have a saying that goes
地域优势不如干部优势，政策优惠不如服务优质，红船精神的奉献精神这个激励能够让我们奋发进取，更加得这个干在实处走在前列。	that geographical advantages are inferior to those of the agents, policy concessions are not as good as service ones. The motivation of the Red Boat spirit dedication enables us to make progress and achieve this goal.
勇于奋斗	They are brave to work.
近日，中国文联组织部分文艺界十九大代表和知名艺术家组成宣讲团，分赴内蒙古、黑龙江、甘肃、上海、广东、贵州等地巡回宣讲十九大精神。	Recently, the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles organized part of the representatives of the 19th NPC from the literary and art circle and well-known artists to form a promotional group and went to Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Gansu, Shanghai, Guangdong and Guizhou to tour and spread the word of the grand spirit of the 19th NPC.
他们深入到内蒙古、黑龙江、甘肃等地的基层群众艺术馆、地方院团和部分高校，对十九大精神中文艺工作者担负的新的文化使命	They went deeply into the grassroots mass art museums, local academies and some colleges and universities in Inner Mongolia, as well as Heilongjiang and Gansu provinces to conduct a profound interpretation of the new cultural mission
我深深感到骄傲和幸福，我愿意沉下去再沉下去，多写下大时代小人物的命运	I am deeply proud and happy, and I am willing to go down and write more about the fate of the normal people in the major times.
对这个基层文艺发展这方面，能够有一些什么好的建议想法	on the development of grassroots literature and art.
现在群众文艺搞得很热闹，普及方面是有一点	Nowadays mass literature and art are very popular, there is a little popularity,
不断推出无愧于时代的精品力作。	and continue to launch quality works worthy of the times.
应该是扎根与基层，深入生活，然后作出有一定文化厚度的，积极向上的，同时有恒久的艺术魅力的作品。	It should be rooted at grassroots and in-depth lives, with a certain substance of culture that is positive, with long-lasting artistic works that hold charm.
已达二十八个，实测承包地面积十五点二亿亩，其中完成确权的有十一点一亿亩。	The actual contracted area has reached 1.52 billion mu, of which 1.11 billion mu has been completed.
占二轮家庭承包耕地面积的百分之八十二，四川等七省区已向党中央国务院报告基本完成。	This accounted for 82 percent of the farmland contracted by second-tier families. 7 provinces and autonomous regions including Sichuan have completed the report to the Party Central Committee and State Council at a basic level.
预计二零一八年年底前，全国承包地确权将基本完成	It is estimated that by the end of 2018, the confirmation of the country’s contracted land will be completed at a basic level.
今后，农业部将探索确权成果	In the future, the Ministry of Agriculture will explore the transformation and application of the results of the confirmation of rights
我国空间科学卫星系列的首发星，同时也是世界上首颗暗物质粒子探测卫星悟空	The first satellite in China's space science satellite series and the world's first dark matter particle detection satellite, Wukong,
在轨运行近两年来，对全天区进行了四次扫描，探测到超过三十五亿高能粒子，获得了世界上最精确的	conducted four scans of an area all-day in the past two years during orbit and detected more than 3.5 billion high-energy particles. It obtained the most accurate
这一成果日前在国际学术期刊《自然》发表	This achievement has recently been published in Nature, an international academic journal.
在太空当中，我们观测到以前没有观察到观察到的这样一个新的，这个用这个用已有的理论不能进行解释和说明的	In space, we observe that such a new observation that has not been observed before, which cannot be explained or illustrated by existing theories,
这项研究成果的意义是多重的，最重要的是它展现了中国科学家使用最前沿的技术	The significance of this result is diverse. Above all, it shows the ability of Chinese scientists to use the most cutting-edge technologies
制造科研仪器来探测一个非常艰深的科学问题的能力。	to make scientific instruments to probe a very difficult scientific issue.
靠鼻子找厕所，这是上个世纪，不少人关于中国厕所的记忆。	Find the toilet by the nose, in the last century, this is memory that many Chinese are fond of.
还融入了越来越多的人性化设计	but also incorporates more humanized designs.
让不少游客感到印象深刻，厕所里常年通风、没有异味	impressed so many tourists. The toilet has ventilation all year around without a peculiar smell.
现在不用再靠鼻子找厕所	We no longer need to rely on the nose to find the toilet.
不光改变硬件，软件也要跟上	We should not only change the hardware, but the software must also keep up.
旅游部门要求，景区厕所应配备厕纸、洗手液	The tourism department requires that toilets at famous sites should be equipped with toilet paper and hand sanitizer.
但在有些地区	But in some areas,
是否因为个别人的不文明行为就停止这项便民服务	Whether to stop this convenient service or not due to the uncivilized behavior of individuals
各地的管理者做出了选择	Was decided by managers from all areas who have made their choice.
一方面通过文明提示倡导节约，另一方面也在进行技术创新。	On the one hand, through civilized prompts to promote conservation, on the other hand, they also carry out technological innovation.
在江苏南京、宿城等地的公共厕所	In public toilets in places like Nanjing and Sucheng in Jiangsu Province,
刷脸三秒，即可免费获得一份厕纸，但想获得双份，需要再多等十分钟	by scanning your face for three seconds, you can get a free copy of the toilet paper, but if you want to get double copies, you need to wait ten minutes.
避免公用资源的滥用	This avoids the abuse of public resources.
习惯，可能有些游客确实是想着把纸要揣回去，但是另一方面我们也要反思	habits. Some tourists may indeed think of taking the paper back, but on the other hand, we must reflect on this situation.
是不是我们游客要进入的下一个厕所就没有纸了，所以这也是我们在新三年计划中特别强调的	Is there paper in the next toilet for tourists to use? This is what we highlighted in the new three-year plan.
要把这个不平衡不充分这块解决好	To solve this problem of inadequacy and imbalance
将厕所革命推向深入，就是要更多地想群众之所想。	and to push the revolution in toilets further, we should think more of what the masses think.
必须具备第三卫生间，方便家人陪同老人、小孩上厕所。	to have a third toilet to facilitate family members to accompany the elderly and children to the restroom.
我们带宝宝的，男厕所我们又不好意思陪进去	We take our baby to the men’s room and we are embarrassed,
女厕所小孩子这么小就好像懂得一点尴尬一样，那个板子特别舒服，很方便我们带小孩的。	but when w go to the ladies’ room, babies are so small that we also feel a bit embarrassed. That board is particularly comfortable, it is convenient for those who have children.
人们感受文明的同时，也成为文明的建设者。在乡村，广西河池的村民正在家中新建冲水厕所	people feel more civilized and have become civilized builders. In the villages, villagers in Hechi, Guangxi, are creating flushing toilets in their homes,
已经有了很大成效，积极推动厕所革命不仅能帮助人民远离疾病，还能带动经济发展缩小地区发展差距。	Great achievements have been made and the active promotion of the toilet revolution does not only help people stay away from disease, but also promotes economic development to narrow the regional development gap.
这个厕所问题它是一个纲举目张问题，是一个社会问题发展的节点。	This toilet problem is an issue of expository themes, it is a node of the social development.
它是一个国家文明工程，从国家的角度去引导去布局，然后方方面面从不同程度的参与来解决细小的社会问题。	It is a national civilized project that leads from the national point of view to the layout, and then takes part in all aspects to solve the small social problems with varying degrees of participation.
这样就把我们的所有的短补齐。	In this way, we can make up for all shortcomings.
随着黑龙江锦西灌区工程近日开工建设，今年全国新开工重大水利工程已达十四项。	With the recent commencement of construction of Jinxi Irrigation District in Heilongjiang Province, this year began with a major water conservancy project across the country and has reached 14 items.
投资规模达九千亿元。	The investment scale reached 900 billion yuan.
目前，我国视力、听力和智力三类残疾儿童、少年义务教育入学率达到百分之九十以上。	At present, the enrollment rate of compulsory education for juvenile children in three categories of children with vision, hearing and intelligence disabilities in our country has reached over 90%.
连接西安和成都的高速铁路西成高铁将于十二月六日开通运营，首发列车及年底调图前列车车票今天开始发售。	Xicheng High Speed Rail that Links the High Speed Rail between Xi’an and Chengdu was launched on December 6, with tickets for the first train being sold and then scheduled the train after the diagram adjustment at the end of the year that is available today.
今天中午，我国在酒泉卫星发射中心用长征二号丁运载火箭，成功将陆地勘查卫星一号送入预定轨道。	At noon today, China successfully sent the No.1 land survey satellite into scheduled orbit using the Long March II Ding carrier rocket at Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center.
黄河首条公铁合用隧道日前开工建设。	Yellow River’s first public railway tunnel construction started a few days ago.
隧道全长三点七公里，建成后将下穿黄河直接联通济南主城区	The tunnel is 3.7 kilometers in length and will be under direct access to the Yellow River to establish a direct link to the main urban areas of Jinan city
精神内涵	of the spirit of Chinese culture.
接下来关注国际方面的消息。	Next up, a look at international news.
美国国会参议院二号投票通过大规模减税法案。	On the 2nd, after voting, the US Senate has passed a massive tax cut bill.
分析称这标志着特朗普政府和国会共和党，距离完成美国三十年来最大规模的减税计划更近了一步。	Analysts say it marks the Trump administration and Republican congressional parliament a step closer to completing the nation's largest tax relief program in three decades.
共和党占多数的参议院最终以五十一票赞成、四十九票反对的结果通过了这份减税法案。	The Republican-majority Senate ultimately passed the tax cut as a result of 51 votes in favor and 49 against it.
和为中产阶级减负提供了机遇	and for the middle class.
但民主党方面则批评说，这份法案主要让美国大企业和富人受益	Democrats, on the other hand, have criticized the bill as benefiting large corporations and the rich in the United States.
美国总统特朗普二号对参院投票通过减税法案	On the 2nd, U.S. President Trump welcomed the Senate voting to pass the tax cut bill
表示欢迎，他强调政府的各项经济措施正在提振美国经济	and stressed that all economic measures by the government are boosting the U.S. economy.
特朗普同时批评说，参院民主党议员	At the same time, Trump also criticized that it is a mistake for Democratic members of the Senate
对法案全部投反对票是错误行为	to vote against the bill.
按照美国立法流程，未来几周参众两院仍将就减税法案继续协商达成最终统一版本	According to the U.S. legislative process, the two chambers will still reach a final unified version of the tax reduction bill in the coming weeks.
再分别投票通过后	And then voted separately before
据也门胡塞武装和前总统萨利赫方面的发言人消息，双方军队二号在首都萨那的交火升级，目前已导致八十人死亡。	According to a spokesman for the Yemeni Houthis armed forces and former President Saleh, the fighting between the two sides on the 2nd in the capital, Sana, has become more severe. Now, it has resulted in the death of 80 people.
一百多人受伤 据目击者说，冲突双方出动了坦克等重型武器，在萨那街头展开战斗，数以千计的民众和儿童被困萨那中部	Over 100 people were wounded. According to witnesses, both parties in the conflict dispatched heavy weapons such as tanks and started fighting on the streets of Sana, leaving thousands of people, including children, trapped in the central part of Sana.
目前，支持萨利赫的共和国卫队也占领机场	Currently, the Republican Guard supporting Saleh is also occupying the airport.
总统府和部分重要政府机构，并宣布将在占领区施行宵禁	The presidential palace and some important government agencies announced the imposition of a curfew in the occupied territories.
胡塞武装则声称已经控制了原属于萨利赫的今日电视台。	The Houthis armed forces claimed to have taken control of today's television station, which belonged to Saleh.
胡塞武装和萨利赫于二零一四年底组成同盟，对抗也门总统哈迪领导的合法政府。	Houthis armed forces and Saleh formed an alliance in late 2014 to fight the legitimate government led by Yemeni President Hady.
今年九月，胡塞武装宣布任命军队指挥官等要职。	In September this year, the Houthis Armed Forces announced the appointment of military commanders and other senior positions.
萨利赫拒绝承认这一任命。	Saleh refused to recognize the appointment.
十一月底，萨利赫支持者与胡塞武装之间开始有零星交火。	In late November, sporadic fighting started between Saleh supporters and the Houthis Armed Forces.
与此同时，也门前总统萨利赫表示	At the same time, former Yemeni President Saleh said that
他已经准备好与沙特为首的多国联军开启新的关系篇章，开始以积极的方式与联军相处	he was ready to open a new chapter of relations with the multinational coalition led by Saudi Arabia and begin to work with the coalition forces in a positive way
不过前提是多国联军先停止对也门的袭击。	However, the premise is that the multinational coalition should stop the attack on Yemen first.
对此，以沙特为首的多国联军发表声明	In response, the multinational coalition headed by Saudi Arabia issued a statement that
美国总统特朗普二号说，他的竞选团队和俄罗斯方面绝对没有勾结	On the 2nd, U.S. President Trump said his campaign team has absolutely no collusion with Russia.
这是特朗普在前总统国家安全事务助理弗林	This is Trump’s first response to the Russian investigation after Flynn, the former
承认作伪证后首次就通俄门调查作出反应	Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, admitted perjury.
特朗普还表示，他并不担心弗林会对调查人员说什么。	Trump also said he is not worried about what Flynn will say to investigators.
一号，弗林向法官承认，他曾就个人与俄罗斯方面的接触问题向联邦调查局作伪证	On the 1st, Flynn admitted to the judge that he had committed perjury with the FBI on personal contact with Russia and
他曾多次发表反对德国政府接收外来移民的看法，甚至有过德国应为二战老兵骄傲的右倾言论。	He has repeatedly expressed his opposition to the German government’s acceptance of immigrants and even stated through right-wing rhetoric that Germany should be proud of veterans in World War II.
此次大会的会场外聚集了大批当地民众前来抗议，他们强烈反对选择党的极右民粹主义主张。	A large number of local people gathered outside the venue of the conference to protest. They strongly opposed the far-right populism advocated by the party.
在今年九月的德国联邦议院选举中，选择党获选成为议院第三大党。	In September this year, during the German federal election, the Select Party was elected to become the third largest party in the House.
这是德国二战后首次有极右翼政党进入联邦议院。	This is the first time that Germany had a far-right political party entering the federation after World War II.
今天的新闻联播节目播送完了，感谢您收看	This concludes tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast. Thank you for watching.
更多的新闻资讯你还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可以搜索央视新闻加。	For more news, visit the CCTV news website. For the download address, search CCTV News +.
再见。	Goodbye.
各位观众晚上好。	Good evening, viewers.
今天是十二月四号星期一农历十月十七，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。	Today is Monday, December 4, October 17 in the lunar calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。	In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.
应习近平邀请马尔代夫总统将访华。	At the invitation of Xi Jinping, the President of the Maldives will visit China.
新闻联播从今天起推出系列报道，新时代新气象新作为，深入报道各地区各部门用党的十九大精神	Starting today, Xinwen Lianbo will launch a series of reports on the new era, new atmosphere, and new act. There will be in-depth coverage of various departments in various regions that are armed with the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress
武装头脑，指导实践。	and their policies.
推动工作的新思路新举措新成效。	To promote new ideas, new actions, and new effects of the work.
今天来看，创新驱动成为上海发展重要引擎	Today, innovation-driven development has become an important engine for Shanghai’s development.
李克强举行仪式欢迎加拿大总理访华，并与加拿大总理举行第二次中加总理年度对话。	Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome the Canadian Prime Minister to China and held the Second Annual Dialog between China and Canada with the Prime Minister.
张德江出席第四个国家宪法日座谈会并讲话	Zhang Dejiang attended the fourth National Constitution Day symposium and delivered a speech.
汪洋将出席二零一七年广州《财富》全球论坛	Wang Yang will attend the 2017 Fortune Global Forum in Guangzhou
王沪宁出席弘扬红船精神座谈会并讲话。	Wang Huning attended the forum on promoting the spirit of Red Ship and delivered a speech.
中央军委办公厅印发《通知》要求全军和武警部队认真组织学习《习近平谈治国理政》第二卷。	The General Office of the Central Military Commission issued a notice requiring the entire military and the armed police force to conscientiously organize the study of the second volume of Xi Jinping Talks about State Governance.
中办国办印发《关于建立健全村务监督委员会的指导意见》。	The Central Office of the State Council issued the Guiding Opinions on Establishing and Perfecting the Village Affairs Oversight Committee.
中央八项规定实施五年来，驰而不息纠正四风。	Since the implementation of the eight provisions of the Central Government in the past five years, we have been rectifying the trend of four styles.
使党风、政风、社会风气发生重大变化	so that the party style, political style, and the social style can conduct major changes.
也门胡塞武装与萨利赫派别交火持续，沙特领导多国联军空袭	The Houthis Armed Forces of Yemen continues crossfires with supporters of Saleh, and the Saudi Arabia-led multinational coalition continued air strikes
支援萨利赫武装	In support of Saleh’s armed forces.
接下来请您收看详细内容。	Next, please watch the details.
本台消息，应国家主席习近平邀请，马尔代夫共和国总统阿卜杜拉亚明阿卜杜尔加尧姆将于十二月六号到九号	Our news. At the invitation of President Xi Jinping, the President of the Republic of Maldives Abdulla Yameen Abdul Gayoom will have a state visit to China
对我国进行国事访问	from December 6 to September 9.
这一重要论述，为我们吹响了履行新使命、进军新征程的响亮号角。	This important exposition has given us loud trumpets to fulfill the new mission and proceed on a new journey.
从今天开始，《新闻联播》推出系列报道《新时代新气象新作为》。	Starting from today, Xinwen Lianbo will launch a series of reports entitled New Era, New Atmosphere, and New Act.
这里是全球第一家研发制造教育机器人的企业，二十三岁的小徐大学毕业后	This is the first company in the world to develop and manufacture educational robots. After graduating from university, 23-year-old Xiao Xu
选择来到上海，半年时间里他就已经有了自己的团队。	chose to come to Shanghai and he built his own team within half a year.
我的梦想是制作一个属于自己的机器人，还能帮助其他人。	My dream is to make a robot that belongs to myself and helps others.
机器人的话它需要一些电机、 舵机然后还有控制器，现在这些都都可以自己研发。	The robot needs some motors, steering gears, and controllers, all of which can now be developed ourselves.
上海出台优惠政策	Shanghai introduced preferential policies
也带动了一批创新型的人才，留在国内，留在上海。	It also led a group of innovative talents to stay in the country and stay in Shanghai.
十九大报告首次提出建设现代化经济体系，并要求	The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China first proposed the construction of a modern economic system and demanded that
智能制造企业正在从传统制造产业中转型	are being transformed from traditional manufacturing industries.
今年前三季度，智能制造产值接近一百六十亿元，同比增长近四成。我们原来的企业是	In the first three quarters of this year, the value of smart manufacturing reached nearly 16 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 40% over the same period last year. Our original business was
做那个电梯的控制系统，从前几年我们明显的就感到整个一个产业它新的动能就不足，所以我们	producing the elevator control system. In the past few years, we clearly felt that the new kinetic energy of the whole new industry was not enough. Therefore, we
加大了这个企业转型发展的力度	stepped up the transformation and development of this enterprise.
上海正按照习近平总书记的要求，加快向具有全球影响力的科技创新中心进军。	In accordance with General Secretary Xi Jinping’s request, Shanghai is speeding up its march toward becoming a science and technology innovation center with global influence.
为了让科研成果加快从纸变成钱，今年上海出台地方条例，推动科技成果的转化和服务。	In order to speed up the process of transforming of scientific research from paper to money, Shanghai promulgated local regulations this year to promote the transformation and service of scientific and technological achievements.
十九大闭幕十天后，上海又发布了进一步推动新一代人工智能发展的实施意见。	Ten days after the closing ceremony of the 19th NPC, Shanghai released to the public the implementation opinions on further promoting the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence.
在创新过程中，有很多不适应。	In the process of innovation, there are many unsuitable conditions.
迸发出它们的活力	can thrive with vitality.
进入新时代，科技创新大有可为	Enter a new era, science and technology innovation are promising.
位于上海的中科院微小卫星创新研究院是我国卫星技术创新研究的先锋队。	Located in Shanghai, the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation is the vanguard of China's satellite technology innovation research.
做一件新奇的事，本身来讲这个任务的目标选择就是新的。	to make a certain thing. In itself, the target choice for this task is new.
科研人员平均年龄只有三十一岁的中科院微小卫星创新研究院	With the average age of researchers being only 31 years old, the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Micro-Satellite Innovation
近期还将有五颗卫星升空	will also launch five satellites in the near future.
从材料、器件到部件的全方位创新，推动了我国制造产业链条升级转化。	From materials and devices to components of all-round innovation, it promotes the upgrade and transformation of China's manufacturing industry chain.
十九大报告中明确提出了中国已经进入新时代，强国的标准我个人的认为就是要领跑	In the report of the 19th NPC, it is clearly stated that China has entered into a new era. Personally, the standard of a powerful nation is to take the lead.
你到目前为止，我们小卫星研究院发射的所有的卫星全部都是开创性的，我们不会走别人走过的路，也不会去追赶别人	So far, all satellites launched by our Little Satellite Institute have been groundbreaking, and we will not follow others or chase after others.
形成了一批跨学科、多领域、综合性的大科学产业，全面提升了上海原始创新能力和抢占世界科技创新发展先机的战略能力。	which comprehensively enhance Shanghai's original innovation capability and out-pace the strategic competence of the world in science and technology innovation and development.
进入新时代，创新驱动发展给上海带来的强劲动力正在显现。	Entering into a new era, the strong driving force brought by innovation-driven development to Shanghai is emerging.
大胆试、大胆闯、自主改的进取精神，也源于上海始终把体制机制改革作为做好发展这篇大文章的关键。	Braving to try, daring to make breakthrough, self-determination and the enterprising spirit also originate from the fact that Shanghai has always taken institutional reform as the key to developing this great article.
党的十九大报告中指出，深化科技体制改革，建立以企业为主体、市场为导向、产学研深度融合的技术创新体系	The report of the 19th National Congress of the CPC pointed out that to deepen the reform of the science and technology system and establish an innovation system that takes the enterprise as the main body, the market as the orientation and the industry-university-research institute must have deep integration,
也正是要通过改革机制促进创新，为创新主体营造更好的氛围。	which is precisely for the reform mechanism to promote innovation and create a better atmosphere for the innovation subject.
欢迎仪式后，李克强同特鲁多举行第二次中加总理年度对话。	After the welcoming ceremony, Li Keqiang held the second annual dialog between China and Canada with Trudeau.
李克强积极评价中加关系一年来的发展	Li Keqiang made positive comments on the development of Sino-Canadian relations over the past year
李克强表示，当前经济全球化持续推进，新一轮科技和产业革命席卷全球	Li Keqiang said that at present, economic globalization continues to advance. A new round of scientific and technological industrial revolution has swept the globe.
中加关系要持续健康稳定发展，必须顺应时代潮流	To maintain the sound and stable development of Sino-Canadian relations, we must comply with the trend of the times,
坚持相互尊重、平等相待、互利共赢，不断拓展共同利益。	uphold mutual respect, treat each other equally, seek mutual benefits and win-win cooperation, and constantly expand common interests.
李克强指出，中加务实合作互补强，应扩大双向贸易投资，鼓励两国企业赴对方国家投资兴业	Li Keqiang pointed out that Sino-Canadian pragmatic cooperation has strong complementarity and it is expected to expand bilateral trade and investment, encourage the enterprises of the two countries to invest and start business in each other's countries,
李克强强调，中加同为亚太地区重要国家和世界贸易大国，在推进贸易投资自由化便利化问题上发出积极信号符合双方共同利益。	Li Keqiang stressed that both China and Canada are important countries in the Asia-Pacific region and significant trade nations in the world, and the positive signals sent by both countries on promoting the liberalization of trade and investment is in the common interests of both sides.
中国对外开放的大门会越开越大，营商环境会越来越好，将继续是国际投资的热土。	The door to China's opening up to the outside world will become larger and larger and the business environment will become better and better. China will continue to be a hot spot for international investment.
延续两国友谊	in the spirit of mutual benefit and reciprocity.
加方支持自由贸易，愿同中方共同推动全球化和自由贸易，为全球可持续发展作出贡献。	Canada supports free trade and is ready to work with China to promote globalization and free trade and make its contribution to the sustainable development of the world.
双方还就共同关心的国际和地区问题交换意见。	Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common interest.
会谈后，两国总理共同见证了教育、食品安全、能源等领域双边合作文件的签署。	After the talks, China's premier and the prime minister of Canada witnessed the signing of bilateral cooperation documents in the fields of education, food safety, and energy.
四号下午，李克强与加拿大总理特鲁多共同会见记者。	On the afternoon of the 4th, Li Keqiang and Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau jointly met with reporters.
李克强介绍了第二次中加总理年度对话成果。	Li Keqiang introduced the outcome of the second annual ministerial-level dialog between China and Canada.
他表示，中加双方一致同意要推动全球化进程，维护贸易投资自由化、便利化，愿共同努力探讨中加自贸协定可行性。	He said both China and Canada unanimously agree to promote the process of globalization and safeguard the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment,and both are ready to work together to explore the feasibility of the FTA.
中方对谈判进程和内容持开放态度。	China is open to the process and the content of the negotiation.
双方同意加强旅游、航空合作，密切两国人文交流。	Both sides agree to step up cooperation in tourism and aviation and to closely promote humanities exchanges between the two countries.
共享机遇，共迎挑战，推动中加关系在黄金阶段不断闪出耀眼光芒。	We share opportunities and welcome challenges together to push forward the Sino-Canadian relations in this golden stage.
深化各领域合作，致力于共同发展繁荣，打造加中长期稳定活跃的关系。	deepen cooperation in various fields, commit to common development and prosperity, and build a stable and active relationship with China in the medium to long term.
全国人大常委会委员长张德江四号出席第四个国家宪法日座谈会并讲话	Zhang Dejiang, president of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, attended the 4th National Constitution Day Symposium and delivered a speech on the 4th.
他强调，要把深入学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想	He emphasized that we need to regard the study and implementation of the socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in a new era of Xi Jinping
作为学习贯彻党的十九大精神的重中之重，全面贯彻落实以习近平同志为核心的党中央关于加强宪法实施和监督的重大决策部署	as the most important task in studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress. It is important to comprehensively implement the major decision making and deployment on strengthening the implementation and supervision of the constitution under the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core.
更加坚定自觉地恪守宪法原则、弘扬宪法精神、履行宪法使命，更好发挥宪法在决胜全面建成小康社会	We must unswervingly adhere to the principles of the Constitution, carry forward the spirit of the Constitution, fulfill the mission of the Constitution, and give full play to the important role of the Constitution in successfully building a well-off society in an all-around way
全面建设社会主义现代化国家中的重要作用。	and build an all-around modernized socialist nation.
张德江指出，宪法是国家的根本法，是治国安邦的总章程。	Zhang Dejiang pointed out that the Constitution is the fundamental law of the country and is the general charter for administering state affairs well and ensuring national security.
是党和人民意志的集中体现。大力弘扬宪法精神、全面贯彻实施宪法，要坚定不移坚持中国共产党的领导	It is the concentrated expression of the will of the party and the people. To vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Constitution and fully implement the Constitution, we must unswervingly adhere to the leadership of the CPC,
坚定维护习近平总书记的核心地位，坚定维护党中央权威和集中统一领导，坚定不移坚持中国特色社会主义	firmly maintain the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, firmly safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize and unify the leadership, unswervingly uphold socialism with Chinese characteristics,
转化为全体人民的自觉行动	and equality before the law.
张德江强调，深入开展宪法宣传教育，是全面推进依法治国的重要基础性工作，也是一项久久为功的长期任务。	Zhang Dejiang emphasized that conducting in-depth publicity and education on the Constitution is important fundamental work for comprehensively promoting the administration of the country according to the law and is also a long-term task that needs constant effort.
要继续发挥好国家宪法日活动、宪法宣誓等重要抓手的作用，更多采用人民群众喜闻乐见的方式	We should continue to play the important role of performing the activities on National Constitution Day and pledge allegiance to the Constitution, carry out publicity and education on the Constitution by using the methods loved by the masses,
开展宪法宣传教育，努力提高全民族法治素养，为推动宪法法律贯彻实施筑牢坚实思想基础、营造良好社会环境。	strive to improve law attainment by the entire nation, and lay a solid ideological foundation and create a good social environment for pushing forward the implementation of Constitutional law.
树立宪法意识，增强宪法自信，成为宪法的坚定信仰者、宣讲者、实践者、维护者。	to establish constitutional awareness and enhance their confidence in the Constitution. They will become firm believers, preachers, practitioners, and defenders of the Constitution.
李建国出席座谈会。	Li Jianguo attended the symposium.
王晨主持座谈会。	Wang Chen presided over the symposium.
本台消息，二零一七年《财富》全球论坛将于十二月六日至八日在广州举行，国务院副总理汪洋将出席论坛开幕式。	Vice Premier Wang Yang of the State Council will attend the opening ceremony of the 2017 Fortune Global Forum held in Guangzhou from December 6 to December 8
并发表主旨演讲。	and deliver a keynote speech.
其间，汪洋副总理将会见出席论坛的加拿大总理特鲁多、巴布亚新几内亚总理奥尼尔。	Meanwhile, Vice Premier Wang Yang will meet with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea O'Neill who will attend the forum.
弘扬红船精神座谈会十二月四号在浙江嘉兴召开，中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁出席会议并讲话。	The symposium on carrying forward the Red Ship Spirit was held on December 4 in Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province. Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the meeting and made a speech.
推动把学习贯彻党的十九大精神和习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想引向深入，激励和鼓舞广大干部群众用伟大精神	We will promote the further study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Party and Xi Jinping's thoughts on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, inspire and encourage all cadres and masses
推动伟大实践，不忘初心、牢记使命、永远奋斗，为实现党的十九大提出的任务不懈努力。	to promote great practice with great spirit, never forget their initial mission, keep their mission firmly in mind, and make unremitting efforts to achieve the tasks put forward by the 19th National Congress.
王沪宁表示，红船精神是中国革命精神之源，昭示着中国共产党人的初心	Wang Huning said that the spirit of the Red Ship is the source of the Chinese revolutionary spirit, and it shows the initial intention of the Chinese Communists.
它所承载的首创精神	The pioneering spirit
奋斗精神、奉献精神，是激励我们党顽强奋斗、不断发展壮大的精神动力，是我们党立党兴党、执政兴国的宝贵精神财富	and the spirit of struggle and dedication it carries are the spiritual impetus to our party's tenacious struggle and continuous development and growth. It is also a valuable spiritual asset for our party to establish and govern and rejuvenate the country.
也是新时代坚持和发展中国特色社会主义的坚强精神支撑	It is also a strong spiritual support to uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
要把弘扬红船精神同深化党的十九大精神学习宣传贯彻结合起来，牢牢把握习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想这个主线。	We must integrate the idea of carrying forward the spirit of the Red Ship and deepening the study and publicity of the 19th National Congress and firmly grasp the main idea of Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
在学懂弄通做实上下功夫	Make great efforts on learning and mastering.
要深化对红船精神等革命精神的学习宣传，开展形式多样的教育实践，引导人们积极投身新时代中国特色社会主义伟大实践。	We should deepen the study and publicity of the revolutionary spirit, such as the spirit of the Red Ship, and carry out various forms of educational practice to guide people in actively participating in the great practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
座谈会前，与会人员共同瞻仰了南湖红船。	Before the forum, the participants jointly paid tribute to the Red Ship in South Lake.
参观了南湖革命纪念馆	And they visited the South Lake Revolutionary Memorial Hall.
本台消息，中央军委办公厅日前印发《关于认真组织学习习近平谈治国理政第二卷的通知》。	The General Office of the Central Military Commission recently printed and issued the Notice on Carefully Organizing and Learning Xi Jinping's Speech on the Governance of China, Volume II.
要求全军和武警部队深入学习领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，兴起学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神热潮。	It demands that the PLA and the Armed Police Force thoroughly study and understand Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and raise the spirit of learning, propaganda, and implementation of the 19th National Congress.
《通知》指出，学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，是当前和今后一个时期全党全军的重大政治任务	The Notice points out that studying and implementing Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era is a major political task of the entire party and army for the present and future.
各级要以高度政治自觉和走在前列标准，把《习近平谈治国理政》第二卷和先期出版的	At all levels, we should have the highest political consciousness and the highest standards and take on the first
《习近平谈治国理政》第一卷，作为深入学习领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的十九大精神的	and second volume of Xi Jinping: The Governance of China, published previously as the authoritative books in the profound study and understanding of Xi Jinping's socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and the spirit of the 19th National Congress,
统一到党的十九大确定的重大决策部署上来	and unify it to the major decisions and deployments set by the 19th National Congress of the party.
印尼金洲的贫穷与死亡	Poverty and Death in Indonesia's Land of Gold
巴德汀娜·戴杰做饭的时候不用炉子。	When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.
她甚至很少用锅。	She rarely even uses a pot.
她的木屋位于印度尼西亚巴布亚省帕尼艾县首府埃纳罗塔利,这位家庭主妇通常只是把一个红薯——当地人称其为“nota”——直接放进火里。	In her wooden home in Enarotali, the capital of Paniai regency in the restive Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually just places a sweet potato - known locally as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
半个小时后，这烧焦的红薯就被一双没有洗过的手迫不及待地拿了出来，狼吞虎咽地吃掉。	After half-an-hour, the charred tuber is retrieved and devoured with eager, unwashed hands.
戴杰坐在泥地上——她没有家具，这里也是她做日常家庭杂务的地方，比如洗衣服，洗衣服的水十分浑浊，都是从附近的沼泽地里弄来的。	Degei sits on the mud floor - she has no furniture - which is where she also performs her daily chores, such as washing clothes with murky water from the nearby swamp.
一个没有屋顶的房间里放着一个水桶，这就是户外厕所。	A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
她是丈夫四个妻子中最年轻的那个，所以她没有被分到田地来照料。	As the youngest of her husband's four wives, she has been assigned no fields to tend.
一夫多妻现象在这里很常见。	Polygamy is common here.
当然工作到很晚会很危险：村里大部分男人都没有工作，而且很多都烂醉如泥，加上这里有很多士兵。	Of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed and many drink heavily, plus there are the soldiers.
她说：“没人敢在下午 5 点以后在村里走动。”	"No one dares to walk around the village after 5 p.m.," she says.
这是巴布亚高地日常生活的罕见一瞥，这里曾经是荷兰的殖民地，1969 年全民公投后并入印度尼西亚，但那次公投也备受争议，当时只有 1026 名长辈被强迫在占领此地的军队面前通过举手表决投票。	It's a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was absorbed into Indonesia in 1969 following a controversial referendum, when just 1,026 elders were forced to vote through a public show of hands before occupying troops.
目前强烈要求独立、反对荷兰统治的运动很快又将矛头指向雅加达政府，因为该政府对该地区实行高压统治，隔绝外国记者和维权人士。	An existing movement agitating for independence against Dutch rule swiftly turned its ire against the Jakarta government, which maintains tight control over the region, barring foreign journalists or rights monitors.
2003 年，该省正式分裂为巴布亚省和西巴布亚省，而巴布亚新几内亚独立控制该岛东部。	In 2003, the province was officially split into Papua and West Papua, with independent Papua New Guinea occupying the eastern part of the island.
埃纳罗塔利位置偏远，荒无人烟；要到这里来需要从省会查亚普拉坐 90 分钟飞机到那比雷，然后租车行驶 5 个小时，一路胃里翻江倒海。	Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate; the journey here involves a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire, and then a stomach-churning five-hour drive by hire car.
这里没有公共交通。	There is no public transport.
在这个大约有 19,000 人的城镇里，木屋外环绕着竹栅栏，褶皱的铁皮屋顶是各类由铁锈制成的黄褐色的遮盖物。	The town of some 19,000 people consists of wooden houses ringed by bamboo fencing, corrugated iron roofs transformed by rust into varying tawny shades.
很少有印尼人来到里，更别说新闻记者，也几乎没有外国人。	Very few Indonesians have made the journey here, let alone journalists, and practically no foreigners.
在基督教传道士到来之前，Mee Pago 巴布亚人信奉一个叫 Uga Tamee 的神。	Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a God named Uga Tamee.
这里也还有其他的改变。	There were other changes, too.
戴杰说“我们穿不惯这些衣服。”她指的是她那颜色亮丽的手织头巾、深色衬衫和鲜艳的半裙。	"We were not used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vividly colored, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and a bright skirt.
“我们以前只用树叶盖住身体。”	"Before, we only wore leaves on our bodies."
巴布亚是印度尼西亚最贫穷的省份，这里 28% 的人生活在贫困线以下，也是亚洲婴儿死亡率最高而识字率最低的地区。	Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of people live below the poverty line and with some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
但是这里也是印尼的金洲。	But it is also Indonesia's land of gold.
帕尼艾县地处高地，面积大约与新泽西州相同，拥有 153,000 人。世界上最大、最有利可图的金矿格拉斯伯格距离这里只有 60 英里，该金矿由总部位于凤凰城的费利浦·麦克莫兰铜金公司所有。	The world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, lies just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province around the size of New Jersey and home to 153,000 people.
仅在 2015 年，费利浦就在这里开采了大约价值 31 亿美元的金矿和铜矿。	In 2015 alone, Freeport mined some $3.1 billion worth of gold and copper here.
此外，巴布亚的木材资源十分丰富，估计价值为 780 亿美元。	In addition, Papua boasts timber resources worth an estimated $78 billion.
然而这些丰富的资源也是巴布亚人悲剧的来源，印尼强大的军事力量是因此才得以一直压制着他们。	These riches are, however, a source of misery for Papuans, ensuring Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
《纽约时报》一份 2005 年的调查报道显示，费利浦在 1998 年至 2004 年间向当地军事人员和部队支付近 2 千万美元，单单一位官员就高达 150,000 美元。	A 2005 investigation in The New York Times reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.
巴布亚人对独立自主的诉求越来越强烈，这威胁到了这位金主，他们因而遭受了残忍的待遇。	Papuan calls for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose, and are dealt with mercilessly.
据维权人士称，1969 年以来，有超过 50 万巴布亚人被杀害，数千人被印尼军队强奸、折磨和关押。	According to rights activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.
据亚洲人权委员会称，1970 年代在巴布亚部落高地的大规模屠杀已升级为种族灭绝。	Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands during the 1970s amounted to genocide, according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
单单去年印尼警方就逮捕了 3,900 多名和平抗议者。	Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the region last year alone.
天主教布里斯班总教区 2016 年的一份报告《我们将会失去一切》囊括了对前一年昭昭恶行的证明，比如法外处决、折磨——另一份报告称强奸和电邢尤其普遍——以及对和平游行示威的残酷镇压。	We Will Lose Everything, a 2016 report by the Archdiocese of Brisbane, contains testimony of atrocities committed the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture - rape and electrocution are especially popular, according to another report - and the brutal crushing of peaceful demonstrations.
人权观察组织印尼研究员安德里亚斯·哈尔索诺称，“暴力事件每天都在发生，因此很难计算受害者的人数。”	"It's difficult to count the number of victims as incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
巴布亚的资源招来印尼以外的大批移民，压迫便开始了。	The screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.
该省 350 万人口中有 83% 是基督徒，但是穆斯林经济移民从人口稠密的爪哇岛、加里曼丹岛、苏门答腊岛、苏拉威西岛来到这里以后，其人口结构就发生了变化。	The province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but the demographic is changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
爪哇人的小吃摊出售炸鸡和蔬菜混合的加多加多，配以花生酱。	Javanese warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado mixed-vegetables served with peanut sauce.
当地人努力抗争。	Local people struggle to compete.
24 岁的帕尼艾当地人阿波斯·尤搬到了省会查亚普拉去找工作，他解释道“那些移民开始在传统市场以比当地巴布亚人更低的价格出售鸡肉和蔬菜。	"The migrants started to sell chicken and vegetables in the traditional market cheaper than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura for work.
这让当地巴布亚人——巴布亚女人 ( mama-mama)——失去了她们的市场。”	"It made the native Papuans - the mama-mama [the women] of Papua - lose their market."
印尼总统佐科·维多多（人们常称其为佐科维）在他 2014 年的竞选活动上发誓要解决巴布亚的不平等问题和滥用职权问题。	Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, vowed to address the inequalities and rights abuses in Papua during his election campaign in 2014.
这位曾经的木匠通往雅加达总统府的道路受到了全部 29 个地区中 27 个地区的支持——包括帕尼艾。	The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's total 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.
但是巴布亚什么也没有改变，今天，当地人感觉遭到了背叛。	But precious little has changed in Papua, and today local people feel betrayed.
尤说“我们已经心碎了，2014 年我们给佐科维投了票，希望他能实现我们的愿望，重新恢复公平。”	"Our hearts have been broken because in 2014 we voted for Jokowi, with the expectation that he would fulfill our hopes for justice to be restored," You says.
事实上，在佐科维 10 月份就任仅仅两个月后，帕尼艾就遭遇了最可怕的噩梦。	In fact, Paniai suffered a nadir just two months after Jokowi's October inauguration.
2014 年 12 月 7 日，埃纳罗塔利 11 名儿童在外面的篝火前唱着圣诞颂歌，两名印尼士兵突然骑着摩托车冲了过来。	On Dec. 7, 2014 a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a bonfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorbike broke through the gloom.
受惊的孩子们告诉他们应该打开车头灯。	The startled children told them that they should turn on their headlights.
据当地牧师亚伟特·特拜称，其中一名士兵对他们的语气不满，随后带着四名士兵回来了。	One of the soldiers took umbrage at their tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to local Pastor Yavedt Tebai.
受害者和目击者称这些喝醉的士兵用他们的枪把追着这群孩子打。	The soldiers, who had been drinking, chased and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.
然后其中一名士兵对着这群孩子开了枪。	Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
16 岁的尤利安努斯·叶墨因被打得严重而昏迷。	One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly he fell into a coma.
几个小时后，附近政府机构选举委员会大楼燃起熊熊大火，第二天事件升级。	A couple of hours later, the nearby government Election Commission building was set ablaze, and things escalated the following day.
大约 1,000 名年轻巴布亚男子、女人和儿童聚集在当地警察局和军事指挥中心前的一个足球场要求伸张正义。	About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
他们带着仪式用的猎弓，跳着巴布亚 Mee Pago 部落的 waita 舞——绕圈奔跑，并模仿鸟鸣。	They carried ceremonial hunting bows and performed the waita dance - running in circles and simulating birdsong - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
部分抗议者开始往军事经常岗哨扔石头。	Some protesters started hurling stones at police and military posts.
根据《时代》杂志看到的一份官方文件记录，当情绪持续激化，士兵们通过内部无线电收到命令：“如果人群抵抗超过三次，立即枪决。”但这份文件并没有向当地媒体发布。	As tempers grew more heated, an order was sent to the soldiers through internal radio: "If the masses offer resistance more than three times, shoot them dead," it said, according to an official document seen by TIME that has not been released to the local media.
56 岁的耶雷米亚斯·卡亚木是埃纳罗塔利 Kego Koto 街区的首领，他感觉到了即将有危险发生，于是呼吁人群冷静，并恳求他们回家。	Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego Koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and appealed for calm, imploring the crowd to go back home.
但没人有心情听他说。	Nobody was in the mood to listen.
他站在他那栋颜色鲜艳的木屋的门廊上告诉《时代》杂志“当我回过头来的时候，我的左腕突然中枪。”	"When I turned around I suddenly got shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
卡亚木现在仍然不知道是谁开的枪，但他说子弹来自聚集的士兵之中。	Kayame still doesn't know who fired but says the bullet came from the ranks of amassed soldiers.
他又说“当时很挤，他们开了很多枪。”	"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
据当地人奥尔夫尤斯·尤尔的堂兄弟称，他目睹了枪击，看到奥尔夫尤斯·尤尔身中三枪。	Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin who witnessed the shootings.
尤哈内斯悲伤地告诉《时代》杂志，“我跑过去检查他的身体看是不是他，	"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only goes by one name, told TIME somberly.
我发现他已经死了……我亲吻了他。”	"I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."
巴布亚警方总督察尤杰·门德告诉记者，他的下属只是在“保护”警察局，因为警察局受到了袭击。	The Papua Police Chief Inspector General Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.
2015 年巴布亚警方发言人、警察局长普吉奥·苏利斯提奥称“有人威胁要杀我们的时候，我们必须自卫。	"We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," Papua Police spokesperson, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo said in 2015.
这是关乎生死的问题。”	"It's a matter of life and death."
据人权观察组织称，五名年轻抗议者被杀，还有更多人受伤。	According to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many more injured.
第二天关于此次杀戮的消息只在雅加达慢慢传开。	News of the killings only filtered through to Jakarta the following day.
三个星期后，佐科维在查亚普拉作了一次声情并茂的演讲，对受害者家人表示深切同情，并发誓要解决巴布亚历史遗留的滥用职权问题。	Three weeks later, Jokowi gave an impassioned speech in Jayapura, where he expressed sympathies with the victims' families and vowed to address the historic abuses in Papua.
他说“我希望此案能尽快解决，这样未来就不会再发生这样的事。”	"I want this case to be solved immediately so it won't ever happen again in the future," he said.
2016 年 10 月安全部长维兰多称他要设立一个非司法机制来解决侵犯人权这一历史遗留问题。	Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up a non-judicial mechanism to settle historic human-rights violations.
但是推脱的借口也几乎立马响起。	But the excuses started almost immediately.
他说，“大部分的侵犯发生在很久以前。	"Most of the violations occurred a long time ago.
有些是在 90 年代和 2000 年代初。	Some were in the '90s and in early 2000s.
重点是我们已致力于解决这些侵犯，但是这还需要一个过程。”	The point is we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes to go through," he said.
然后 6 月 5 日在雅加达，维兰多在与《时代》杂志对话时出尔反尔，他说他没有在巴布亚建立申诉机制的计划。	Then Wiranto backtracked when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he has no plans to establish a grievance mechanism in Papua.
相反，他说“一切会依法解决。”	Instead, "All will be settled by law," he said.
联合国已经就 1999 年东帝汶血腥的独立投票中 1000 多人死亡事件以“反人权罪”对维兰多提起控诉，但他说巴布亚地区 11 宗人权侵犯案已经得到解决，包括帕尼艾事件。	Wiranto, who the U.N. has indicted for "crimes against humanity" relating to more than 1,000 deaths during East Timor's bloody 1999 independence vote, said that 11 cases of human-rights violations in Papua have already been settled, including the Paniai incident.
帕尼艾事件受害者家属对这些说辞嗤之以鼻。	Families of the Paniai victims greeted such claims with grim incredulity.
尤哈内斯说“在过去的三年中，我已经接受了四次采访，但是事情完全没有进展。”	"I've been interviewed four times for the past three years, but there has been no progress at all," Yohanes says.
多年后他说“我累了。”	"I'm tired."
他现在仍然生活在恐惧之中。	He says that years later, he still lives in fear.
他说“我很害怕。	"I'm afraid," he says.
我害怕被军队逮捕，害怕被枪杀。”	"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid to be shot."
他的兄弟尤卡布斯也认为帕尼艾的人民很害怕谈论那次事件。	His brother Yacobus echoed the view that people in Paniai are fearful of discussing the incident.
他说他在帮助埋葬四名受害者之后被军方打了。	He says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.
他说“埋了尸体之后，军方来找我。”	"After burying the bodies, the military came looking for me," he says.
枪击并未停止。	The shootings haven't stopped.
星期二，印尼警方在帕尼艾邻县德亚伊县枪击村民。	On Tuesday, Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's neighboring Deiyai regency.
一名建筑公司经理拒绝帮助运送一名昏迷男子去医院，双方发生冲突，一人死亡，另 17 人受伤，其中还有儿童。	One person died and 17 others were wounded, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to help transport an unconscious man to hospital.
24 岁的男子拉维亚努斯·多伍在附近河边钓鱼时溺水，在去医院的路上死亡。	The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw who drowned while he was fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.
愤怒的村民在该公司的现场办公室前抗议。	Incensed villagers protested in front of the company's site office.
警方称村民向警察扔石头，所以警察开枪警告。	Police said the villagers threw rocks at officers, who responded by firing warning shots.
但是防暴机动部队（印尼准军事警察）开始向人群开枪，一人被杀。	But locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) began shooting at the crowd, killing one.
29 岁的多明谷·巴迪告诉《时代》杂志称，“我们当时都慌了，现在很害怕他们会报复。”他住在医院附近，当时目睹了伤员被急忙送进医院。	"We were so panicked, we are afraid there will be revenge," 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being hurried in, tells TIME.
“我在家躲了两天。”	"I have been hiding in my house for two days."
德亚伊议会已经呼吁将涉事警察绳之以法，并将防暴机动部队撤离该地区。	The Deiyai parliament has called for the officers involved to be held to account and the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
帕尼艾对印尼政府来说一直是一个是非之地。	Paniai has always been a troublespot for the Indonesian government.
有效发展的缺失滋长了 Mee、Moni、Dani 和 Damal 部落人民的不满，这些部落分散在帕尼艾葱郁的中央高地。	The lack of meaningful development feeds the discontent of the tribal Mee, Moni, Dani, and Damal peoples, who live sprawled across Papua's verdant central highlands.
很多人加入了自由巴布亚运动 (OPM)，该组织是一支反叛军队，声称要通过分散袭击和突袭绑架印尼士兵来保护巴布亚人的权利。	Many joined the Free Papua Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend the rights of the Papuans by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping raids on Indonesian soldiers.
部分自由巴布亚运动高层领导出生于帕尼艾，包括塔迪尤斯·尤吉和丹尼尔·尤达斯·柯高亚。	Some of the top OPM leaders hail from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
因此，近几年数千帕尼艾人被军方打着“维护国家主权”的幌子逮捕，并故意拘留。	In response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained by the military in recent years, under the guise of "safeguarding national sovereignty."
有些人再未出现过。	Some never reappear.
在巴布亚人眼里，帕尼艾就是一个“被遗忘的悲剧之地”。	Among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place."
贫穷滋长了不满。	Poverty feeds the discontent.
埃纳罗塔利在售的大米少得可怜，当地人根本买不起。	The little rice on sale in Enarotali is too expensive for locals to buy.
面包根本就遥不可及。	Bread is just as out of reach.
这里的人种植他们能吃的一切：主要是红薯和一些水果和叶子蔬菜。	People here grow everything they eat: mainly nota plus some fruit and leafy vegetables.
耕种是女人的工作，每一位女性都能照料四块或五块红薯地。	Farming is the job of the women, who each can maintain four or five fields of the sweet potato.
他们通常将大部分收成留作家用，剩余的放到当地市场上卖。	They usually keep most of the harvest for the family, with the rest sold in the local market.
十块红薯只值 1 万印尼卢比（75 美分）。	Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupiah (75 cents).
随着时间的推移，经济不平等已经在当地巴布亚人和新移民中拉开，自从往那比雷机场的新路线开放以来这些移民的人数就大大增加了。	Over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of a new air routes to Nabire Airport.
现有的少量工作通常都落到了受过更好教育且更富有的移民手里。	What few jobs exist typically go to the better-educated and wealthier migrants.
巴布亚人很少有资金或必需的技能经营有竞争性的公司。	Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.
帕尼艾部落理事会主席约翰·戈拜称“年轻人并不想留在这个村庄......因为这里没有工作也没有钱。”	"The young people are not interested to stay in the village ... because there's no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council of Paniai.
巴布亚与世隔绝。	Isolation keeps the world's eyes off Papua.
此外国际媒体报道的限制依然很紧。	In addition, reporting restrictions for international media remain tight.
今年早些时候，法国记者弗兰克·埃斯库迪和巴塞尔·隆尚被驱逐出巴布亚，因为他们“不与相关机构配合”，即使他们已经罕见地拿到了拍摄授权。	Earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for a "lack of coordination with related institutions" despite having been granted rare permission to film.
据人权观察组织亚洲副局长费利姆·凯恩称，佐科维撤销报道限制以促进透明化和发展的选举誓言并没有实现。	According to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, Jokowi's election campaign pledges to lift reporting restrictions to boost transparency and development have not been realized.
他在一次声明中称“如果外国记者试图报道印尼最东部的不满省份巴布亚和西巴布亚，他们是有新风险的：拒绝签证和拉入黑名单。”	"There are new hazards for foreign journalists attempting to report from Indonesia's restive easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
没有媒体监督意味着国际上对印尼政府的压力基本上只局限于巴布亚的邻国。	The lack of press scrutiny means international pressure on the Indonesian government has been largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.
3 月份，6 个太平洋国家——汤加、瑙鲁、帕劳、图瓦卢、马绍尔群岛、所罗门群岛——要求联合国人权理事会调查巴布亚“各类普遍的人权侵犯事件”，包括帕尼艾枪击案。	In March, six Pacific nations - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and the Solomon Islands - urged the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.
这几个国家也曾支持自由巴布亚运动 。	These same countries have historically backed the OPM.
印尼外交部发言人阿尔曼纳塔·纳西尔对该群体的指控满不在乎，他告诉雅加达的记者说，“印尼仍在实行民主体制，而且媒体自由，因此人权侵犯案的证据是很难被掩盖的。”	Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir shrugged off the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta, "In Indonesia, a democratic system still applies and there's free media so it's hard for the evidence of human rights cases to be covered up."
当地人希望更多外国政府重视。	Local people want more foreign governments to take note.
据一位知情人士透露，5 月 4 日，荷兰人权大使凯斯·万·巴尔带领官员代表团访问查亚普拉时，当地人民打破了沉默，哀求道“我们想要自由。”他也参加了那次会议，但要求匿名。	When an official delegation from the Netherlands, headed by the nation's human rights ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4, local people broke their silence, beseeching, "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting but who asked to stay anonymous.
印尼将在 2019 年举行下一届总统选举，但是巴布亚人称他们不太可能再投佐科维。	Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but Papuans say they are unlikely to vote again for Jokowi.
部落理事会主席戈拜称“佐科维的意图是好的，但是他周围都是参与了帕尼艾枪击案的人。”	"Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people who are involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the tribal council chairman.
他想让佐科维知道帕尼艾人民不仅生活在贪婪的军队的威胁之下，而且一无所有，这个地区教育寥寥，公共医疗保健服务匮乏。	He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, aside from living under the looming threat of a rapacious military, wallow in destitution, with paltry education and health services.
戈拜说帕尼艾人民像其他巴布亚人一样认为他们投给佐科维的选票是他必须偿还的债务。	Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, consider their vote to Jokowi as a "debt" he must repay.
他说“他们不需要钱，他们需要正义。”	"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
即使在威胁与恐吓之下，帕尼艾枪击案受害者的家属依然作出了他们最后一次象征性的反抗：将一具受害者尸体埋在那个军事警察岗哨的对面。	Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai shooting victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: burying one victim's body on land just opposite the police and military station.
他们知道正义也许永远不会到来，但至少他们不会让那些罪魁祸首忘记他们的罪行。	Knowing that justice may never be served, at least they won't let those responsible forget their crimes.
尤卡布斯低着头说“我的家人被杀了，	"A member of our family has been killed," says Yacobus, head bowed.
我们还能做什么？”	"What else could we do?"
索菲亚、好莱客、顶固等品牌借助资本力量正在定制家居行业大施拳脚，2017年2月10日，中国证监会核准广东尚品宅配家居股份有限公司的首发申请，下发深交所中小板上市通行证，此前20多天欧派家居刚刚IPO首发通过。	Brands such as Suofeiya, Holike and Topstrong have leveraged the strength of capital to actively grow their business in the customized home furnishing industry. On February 10, 2017, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) approved the IPO application of Guangzhou Shangpin Home Collection Co., Ltd., and issued a listing permit on the Small and Medium Enterprise Board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange. More than 20 days ago, Oppein Home Group received approval for its IPO.
业内人士认为，随着尚品宅配、欧派家居的接踵上市，原本就处在风口上的定制家居领域将由产品竞争转向资本角逐。	Industry insiders believed that with the listings of Shangpin Home Collection and Oppein Home Group, the customized home furnishing sector, which was already soaring, will turn from production competition to competing for capital.
尚品宅配首发获批新年伊始，定制家居领域一个典型的代表品牌尚品宅配即将上市的消息，吸引着整个家居行业的关注。	At the beginning of the new year, when Shangpin Home Collection’s IPO was first approved, news of the listing of this classic brand, which represented the customized home furnishing sector, attracted the attention of the entire home furnishing industry.
北京时间9日路透社称，三星电子公司周二发布了与哈曼国际（Harman International）共同开发的首套自动驾驶车用的组件，以及信息娱乐解决方案，这是该公司进军车用电子市场的重要举措。	On the 9th (Beijing time), Reuters reported that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd launched its first set of components for autonomous driving and infotainment solutions it jointly developed with Harman International on Tuesday. This was a major move by the company to expand into the automotive electronics market.
三星电子在大约一年前收购了哈曼国际。	Samsung Electronics acquired Harman International about a year ago.
在本周于拉斯维加斯举办的消费电子产品展（CES）上，三星发布了具有碰撞警示、车道偏移警示、巡航控制功能的车用摄影机，这些产品是与哈曼合作开发的。	At the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) held in Las Vegas this week, Samsung unveiled its automotive camera equipped with collision warning, lane-departure warning, and adaptive cruise control, which was also developed jointly with Harman.
三星计划今年开始出货这套摄影机系统，这套系统是建构在机器自动学习及扩增实境等技术上。	Samsung plans to begin shipping this camera system, which is built on automatic machine learning and augmented reality technology this year.
三星同时也展示了“数字驾驶舱”，就算驾驶人不是车主，也可以让车辆更具个人化特色，因这套系统可以让用户从移动设备及云端下载驾驶人的资料。	Samsung also exhibited a “digital cockpit”, which allows a car to adapt to the personalized characteristics of the driver even if he or she is not the car owner by accessing the user’s information from mobile devices and cloud.
今晚，CBA第20轮常规赛的比赛即将开始，这也意味着2016~2017赛季的CBA联赛下半程开始。	The 20th round of CBA regular season will begin tonight, which also means the start of the second half of CBA league in 2016~2017 season.
大火再次吞没迪拜“火炬”摩天塔	Fire engulfs Dubai's 'Torch' skyscraper for second time
周五，迪拜一座世界最高的住宅大楼发生火灾，迫使数百名居民逃离这座高 337 米，79 层的超高层建筑。	A fire ripped through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of occupants to flee the 337 metre-tall, 79-storey structure.
这是短短两年内第二场横扫高层建筑的大火，而恰巧发生在是被称为“火炬”的摩天塔。	It's the second blaze to sweep through the high-rise - which happens to be called the Torch tower - in just two years.
该大楼已经进行了疏散，没有人员受伤的报道，目前还未发现导致大火的原因。	The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and there was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze.
“我们正在睡觉，然后我们被火警吵醒，人们就开始尖叫了。	"We were sleeping and we woke up to the fire alarm and people screaming.
我们跑下楼梯，从 50 层跑下来大约需要 10 分钟，“一位叫乔治的居民告诉路透社。	We ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to reach from the 50th floor," a resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.
迪拜的民防当局称，消防队在当地时间 (格林威治标准时间 0000) 4 点左右扑灭了大火，并正在为该大楼进行降温处理。	Dubai's civil defence authorities said firefighting squads put out the blaze at around 4.00 am local time (0000 GMT) and were cooling the building.
政府表示正在努力为受到影响的人员提供避难场所。	The government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.
这起事故可能会再次引发世界各地对高层建筑使用外墙材料安全问题的关注。	The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used on the exteriors of tall buildings across the world.
“火炬”摩天大厦管理层在其 2015 年发生的火灾后进行的一项调查发现，被损坏的大部分物体的是装饰和绝缘用的覆层外墙板。	An investigation by the management of the Torch after its 2015 fire found that most of the damage was to the cladding, exterior panelling used for decoration or insulation.
英国警方已经表示，他们认为伦敦格伦费尔大楼的隔热和覆面板系统的问题可能是导致 6 月份火迅速蔓延的原因，这场大火造成约 80 人死亡大。	In the UK, police have said they believe the system of insulation and cladding panels on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire there in June in which some 80 people died.
威廉姆斯车队还暗示马萨有可能会重返，尽管他已经宣布了退役。	The Williams team also suggested that Massa might return, even though he had already announced his retirement.
1月9日距离韩国平昌冬奥会开幕仅剩一个月，随着奥运圣火从南向北的传递预热和各项筹备工作紧锣密鼓地进行，韩国国内的冬奥气氛日益浓厚。	January 9 is just a month away from the PyeongChang Winter Olympics. As the Olympic torch relay moves north, warm-ups and intense preparations for the Games were carried out. South Korea was warming up for the Winter Olympics.
韩国舆论期待这一久违的朝韩会谈，能为平昌冬奥会倒计时一个月带来一颗“彩蛋”。	Public opinion in South Korea hope that this long-waited North-South Dialog would lead to an “Easter egg” (nice surprise) for the countdown to the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games.
去年11月1日，平昌冬奥会圣火抵达韩国。	The Winter Olympic torch arrived in South Korea on November 1 last year.
圣火掀起的热潮直接反映在了平昌冬奥会的门票销售上。	The fervor stirred up by the Olympic torch is directly reflected on the sale of admission tickets for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
就在两个多月前，平昌冬奥会门票销售率还只徘徊在３２％，冬残奥会门票销售率更是只有４.３％，低迷的门票销售率一度令外界对平昌冬奥会的人气倍感担忧。	A little over two months ago, the proportion of tickets sold lingered at 32% for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, and a mere 4.3% for the Winter Paralympics. The sluggish ticket sales caused concern among the outside world about the popularity of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics at one point.
但正如平昌冬奥会组委会主席李熙范不久前对记者预测的那样，“随着冬奥会圣火在韩国各地传递，冬奥会的热度日益高涨，相信门票销售状况很快就会好转”。	However, just as the Chairman of the PyeongChang Organizing Committee for the 2018 Olympic & Paralympic Winter Games, Lee Hee-Beom predicted, “As the Winter Olympic torch is carried and passed on across South Korea, interest in the Winter Olympics will rise. I believe that ticket sales will turn around very quickly”.
据韩国媒体报道，截至1月3日，平昌冬奥会门票销售已达到64%，冬残奥会门票销售率也突破了50%。	South Korean media reported that as of January 3, the proportion of tickets sold for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics has reached 64%, and that for the Paralympics has also exceeded 50%.
为鼓励外国人赴韩观赛，韩国法务部8日还宣布，将为访韩观看平昌冬奥会的外国人延长在韩停留时间，最长可停留120天。	To encourage foreigners to come to watch the Games, South Korea’s Ministry of Justice has also announced on the 8th that foreigners who visit the country for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics may extend their stay for up to 120 days.
调查发现，超过五分之一的美国旅行者携带违禁物品登机	More than 1 in 5 US travellers carry prohibited items onto aircraft, survey finds
一项针对飞机乘客的调查发现，超过 20% 的乘客曾故意或非故意夹带非法物品通过美国运输安全管理局检查站登机，其中至少有 6% 的乘客非故意携带违禁刀具或其他带刃物登机。	A survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 per cent had knowingly or unknowingly smuggled prohibited items past the US Transportation Security Administration checkpoints onto the aircraft, including at least 6 per cent who boarded the plane while unintentionally carrying prohibited knives or other bladed objects.
不足 1% 的乘客宣称他们事后才发现误带枪支、弹药或爆炸物旅行。	Less than 1 per cent claimed that they discovered belatedly that they had mistakenly travelled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
这项针对超过 1000 人的调查由包机服务公司 Stratos Jet Charters Inc. 进行，调查还发现，年轻旅行者更可能公然无视规定。	The survey of more than 1000 people - which was conducted by a jet-chartering service Stratos Jet Charters Inc. - also found that younger travellers were more likely to flout the rules.
承认曾试图故意携带 TSA 违禁物品登机的回答者中，有 19.7% 为千禧世代，相比之下 X 世代人群不足 15%。	Of the respondents who admitted knowingly trying to fly with something banned by the TSA, 19.7 per cent were millennials, compared with less than 15 per cent who were members of Generation X.
最常见的故意溜过 TSA 安检人员的物品是食品和饮料。	The most common items whisked past TSA agents on purpose were food and liquids.
超过 3% 的人承认曾故意携带带刃物过安检，而 2.2% 的女性回答者和 3.7% 的男性回答者也表示曾故意携带违禁药物登机。	More than 3 per cent admitted knowingly carrying bladed items past security, while 2.2 per cent of female respondents and 3.7 per cent of male respondents also acknowledged intentionally carrying prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.
该公司称此次调查全国旅行者是为了了解意外携带和故意携带禁运品过飞机安检登机的人数。	The company said it surveyed travellers around the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so on purpose.
并不意外的是最可能携带禁运品过安检的人——故意或非故意——是那些飞得最频繁的人。	It's no surprise that the people most likely to haul contraband past security - knowingly or unknowingly - were those who fly the most.
然而，该公司指出 TSA 指南有点复杂难懂。	As the company points out, however, the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.
人们通常不确定可以携带何种以及多少液体。	People are often uncertain of what liquids they can carry or how much of them.
因此 TSA 缴获最多的正好是违禁液体也就不奇怪了。	So it's no surprise that the largest amount of stuff seized by the TSA happens to be forbidden liquids.
人们曾一度认为 TSA 可能将书本也当成了禁运品。	For a time, people thought the TSA might be treating books as contraband.
国内航班允许携带液体，但国际航班则不允许携带。	Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international ones.
美国环保局局长普鲁特对奥巴马时代的减排条例改变主意	EPA Chief Pruitt Backtracks on Delaying Obama-Era Rules to Reduce Emissions
在被 15 个州起诉一天后，环境保护局局长斯科特·普鲁特改变了他早先推迟实施奥巴马时代减少烟雾空气污染物排放规定的决定。	One day after getting sued by 15 states, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt reversed his earlier decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules reducing emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
普鲁特提出作出这个改变，因为相比以前的政府，环境保护局能够针对环境监管州立机构的需求作出更快速的反应。	Pruitt presented the change as his agency being more responsive than past administrations to the needs of state environmental regulators.
他没有提及联邦上诉法院针对他的前任职位提起的法律挑战。	He made no mention of the legal challenge filed against his prior position in a federal appeals court.
争议的焦点是设置 10 月 1 日为各州开始实现 2015 年地面臭氧标准的最后期限。	At issue is an Oct. 1 deadline for states to begin meeting 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
6 月份，普鲁特宣布他将延迟履约一年，以便让环境保护局有更多时间研究该计划，避免“干扰当地决策或阻碍经济增长”。	Pruitt announced in June he would delay compliance by one year to give his agency more time to study the plan and avoid "interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth."
在被唐纳德·特朗普总统任命之前，普鲁特是俄克拉何马州总检察长，长期以来反对环境法规的严格化。	Pruitt, who was Oklahoma's state attorney general prior to his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long served as a reliable opponent of stricter environmental regulations.
自从抵达华盛顿以来，普鲁特一再转而阻止或推迟化学和化石燃料行业反对的法规。	Since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly moved to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil-fuel industries.
周三的突然反转是普鲁特监管转返议程上一项最新的法律障碍。	Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
上月，华盛顿联邦上诉法院裁定环境保护局局长越权，试图推迟执行奥巴马政府要求石油和天然气公司监控和减少甲烷泄漏的规定。	Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled the EPA administrator overstepped his authority in trying to delay implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
在周三晚上发布的一份声明中，普鲁特提出他对于臭氧标准的态度大转弯，表示要加强环境保护局的承诺，与各州展开合作，采取复杂的程序达成新标准。	In a statement issued Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested his about-face on ozone standards simply reinforced the EPA's commitment to working with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.
普鲁特表示，“在以前的政府管理下，环保局通常达不到指定的期限，然后等激进团体和其他人士起诉，再同意通过协议确定指定时间表。”他在以前的工作中对环境保护局发起十几次起诉。	"Under previous administrations, EPA would often fail to meet designation deadlines, and then wait to be sued by activist groups and others, agreeing in a settlement to set schedules for designation," said Pruitt, who sued EPA more than a dozen times in his prior job.
“我们不相信通过诉讼进行的监管，我们认真对待最后期限。	"We do not believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.
我们也认真对待法规和当局。”	We also take the statute and the authority it gives us seriously."
尽管如此，环保局的声明表示，普鲁特可能再次使用他的“延期授权和所有其他合法可用的授权”来确保各项规定符合“良好的政策和可用的最佳信息”。	Still, the EPA's statement said Pruitt may at some point once again use his "delay authority and all other authority legally available" to ensure regulations "are founded on sound policy and the best available information."
国会中的共和党人正在推动大范围改写臭氧层条例。	Republicans in Congress are pushing for a broader rewrite of the ozone rules.
上月批准的众议院法案旨在使 2015 年规则推迟至少八年实施。	A House bill approved last month seeks to delay implementation of the 2015 rules at least eight years.
这项措施尚未在参议院投票。	The measure has not yet been brought to a vote in the Senate.
纽约州检察长埃里克·施耐德曼领导各州联盟本周起诉美国环保局，称其打算维持法律压力。	New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up the legal pressure.
施耐德曼说：“美国环保局的反转 – 在我们提起诉讼之后 - 对于 670 万纽约人的健康和安全来说是具有重要意义的胜利，有超过 1.15 亿美国人的社区直接受到烟雾排放的影响。”	"The EPA's reversal - following our lawsuits - is an important win for the health and safety of those 6.7 million New Yorkers, and the over 115 million Americans directly impacted by smog pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.
加利福尼亚州、康涅狄格州、特拉华州、伊利诺伊州、爱荷华州、缅因州、马萨诸塞州、明尼苏达州、新墨西哥州、俄勒冈州、宾夕法尼亚州、罗德岛州、佛蒙特州和华盛顿州以及哥伦比亚特区都加入纽约州的行列，参与到这个案件当中。	New York was joined in the case by California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington, and the District of Columbia.
地面臭氧是汽车、发电厂、炼油厂、化工厂和其他来源排放的常见污染物在大气中阳光照射下产生反应而形成的。	Ground-level ozone is created when common pollutants emitted by cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources react in the atmosphere to sunlight.
由此产生的烟雾会给敏感人群造成严重的呼吸问题，每年造成数千人过早死亡。	The resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems among sensitive groups of people, contributing to thousands of premature deaths each year.
当然，公共健康倡导者和环保人士为普鲁特令人惊讶的转变感到欢呼。	Public health advocates and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.
生物多样性中心的洛里·安·伯德表示：“令人感到不安的是，这个常识性措施遭到来自保护我们呼吸所需空气的部门负责人的巨大压力。”	"It's disturbing how much pressure it took to get this commonsense step from the guy in charge of protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.
“我们必须与特朗普政府为迎合污染者和特殊利益群体的思想运动斗争到底。”	"We've got to keep fighting the Trump administration's ideological crusade to pander to polluters and special interests."
除了钢价回暖的外部因素，企业也在降低成本的路上艰难行进。	In addition to the external factor of rebounding steel prices, enterprises are also forging arduously ahead on the path of lowering costs.
伴随着企业大面积复产，钢价开始趋于回落。	As enterprises resume production on a large scale, steel prices have begun to fall.
目前中钢协和国家统计局均未发布6月钢铁行业盈利数据。	At present, both China Iron and Steel Association and the National Bureau of Statistics have yet to release June’s earnings figures for the steel industry.
从北京铁路局获悉，2017年铁路春运自1月13日起至2月21日止，共计40天。	Beijing Railway Administration revealed that railway transportation for the 2017 Spring Festival will begin on January 13 and end on February 21, a total of 40 days.
我的目标是了解人工智能的现状——我们目前的进步远超人们的预期，但仍有很长的路要走。	My goal was to learn about the state of artificial intelligence -- where we're further along than people realize and where we're still a long ways off.
昨日，位于房山、大兴的两宗土地迎来现场竞拍，两宗地块总计以18.452亿元成交。	Yesterday, two land parcels at Fangshan and Daxing, offered for tender on-site, were transacted for a total of RMB1,845.2 million.
近期，日本动画《你的名字》风靡亚洲，在日本，该片成为宫崎骏导演的《千与千寻》之后，15年来首次破200亿日元的影片，跃居票房排行榜第二位。	Recently, Japanese anime film “Your Name” was a massive hit in Asia. In Japan, this film became the first film after “Spirited Away”, directed by Hayao Miyazaki, to exceed JPY20 billion in 15 years, taking second place in box office rankings.
自2009年下半年以来，萧山花木销售量（额）一直保持较高态势，特别是今春，萧山苗木销售再创历史新高，销量大增、价格大涨，据统计，今年1至6月萧山区实现苗木销售收入比去年同期增长48%，增长幅度之大为近20年之最。	Since the second half of 2009, sales (volume) of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs have remained relatively buoyant. This Spring in particular, sales of Xiaoshan’s seedlings recorded a historic high. Sales volume grew significantly and prices jumped. Statistics revealed that for the first six months of the year, the sales revenue of seedlings in the Xiaoshan District increased by 48% year-on-year, and the magnitude of the growth rate was the biggest in nearly 20 years.
萧山区林业局副局长施海勇表示，伴随良好的销售形势，萧山花木生产也取得了较快的发展。	Shi Haiyong, Deputy Director of the Xiaoshan Forestry Bureau, said that the production of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs also grown rapidly along with the positive sales trend.
近两年萧山花木种植面积扩大了3万亩，总面积达到了18万亩；同时积极向区外发展，萧山苗农在全国各地建立花木基地达到8万亩，比2008年增加了3万亩。	In the last two years, the planting acreage of Xiaoshan’s flowering trees and shrubs have expanded by 30,000 mu, with total area at 180,000 mu. At the same time, expansion is being actively carried out outside the region. Xiaoshan’s farmers have been setting up flowering tree and shrub bases totaling 80,000 mu across the country, an increase of 30,000 mu from that in 2008.
在种植面积扩大的同时，苗木质量也不断提高，苗圃圃存价值不断提升，大规格、高品质的苗木留存较多，部分苗木出现惜售现象。	While expanding planting acreage, the quality of the seedlings have also continued to improve; the existing value of the nurseries has been rising. More large specimen and high quality seedlings have been preserved, and sellers have been reluctant to sell some seedlings.
施海勇还提醒，面对目前产销两旺的繁荣景象，生产者应该冷静面对、客观分析，既要看到社会对花木的需求将是长期、不断增加的，同时也要认识到市场竞争将更加激烈。	Shi Haiyong also said that confronted with the current buoyant peak production and sales period, producers should calmly face and objectively analyze the situation, and take into consideration that the demand for flowering trees and shrubs is long term and will continue to increase. At the same time, they should also be aware that market competition will intensify.
北京时间7月13日上午消息，美国Somaltus公司向东德克萨斯地区法院提交诉讼，指控苹果侵犯其2010年申请的一项电池技术专利。	July 13 morning Beijing Time. US-based Somaltus filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas accusing Apple of infringing on a battery technology patent it applied for in 2010.
该公司之前也曾用同样的专利起诉过华硕、联想、三星、索尼和东芝。	The company had previously used the same patent to sue Asus, Lenovo, Samsung, Sony and Toshiba.
该诉讼称，iPhone 6s和与之类似的苹果设备均侵犯了7,657,386号美国专利，该专利名称为《综合电池服务系统》。	The lawsuit claimed that iPhone 6s and Apple equipment similar to it have violated US Patent No. 7,657,386, which is known as “Integrated battery service system”.
原告希望获得现金赔偿，或者针对判决宣布后的侵权设备收取专利费。	The plaintiff is seeking monetary damages or royalties on the infringing equipment upon announcement of the verdict.
从起诉书判断，原告似乎认为iPhone的快充功能侵犯了该公司的专利。	According to the indictment, the plaintiff appears to believe that iPhone’s fast-charging technology jas violated the former’s patent.
具备快充功能的iPhone会快速将电量充到80%，之后再进行涓流充电。	iPhone’s fast-charging function charges the battery quickly until to 80% of its capacity, then switches to slower trickle charging.
Somaltus其实是一家所谓的“专利流氓”，因为该公司并不提供明显的产品和服务，而且在网上很难查找到相关信息。	Somaltus is actually a so-called “patent troll” because the company does not provide any apparent product or service, and it is hard to find any information on the company online.
然而，他们已经成功就这项专利与福特和日产等汽车厂商达成了庭外和解。	However, it has successfully reached out-of-court settlement with auto makers such as Ford and Nissan with this patent.
会议认为，加快信息化发展，促进资源互联集成、高效利用，提升产业数字化、智能化水平，对推动“中国制造2025”和大众创业、万众创新，培育新动能，提高群众生活品质，意义重大。	The meeting believed that accelerating information development; promoting interconnection and integration, as well as efficient utilization of resources; and enhancing the level of digitization and intelligence in industry would have great significance for advancing “Made in China 2025”; entrepreneurship and innovation by the masses; developing new drivers; and raising the standard of living for the masses.
由董子健主演的台湾热血青春片《六弄咖啡馆》是本届电影节传媒大奖竞赛片，另一部由他主演的华语片《德兰》更入围主竞赛单元争夺金爵奖。	“At Café 6”, a Taiwanese movie about the relationship of a group of youths, starring Dong Zijian, is a film competing for the current film festival’s media award. “De Lan”, another movie in which he is the leading actor, has also been shortlisted for the Golden Goblet Award.
今年23岁的他，身穿迷彩T恤、黑色运动裤，一身青春阳光。因为采访间的椅子不够，他就直接坐在了地上，说：“来吧，就这样聊挺好的。”	The 23-year-old, dressed in a camouflage T-shirt and black sweat pants, looked young and radiant. As there were not enough chairs in the interview room, he sat on the floor and said, “Let’s start. Chatting like this isn’t half bad.”
据此前透露，铁路部门对12306网站进行扩容改造，春运购票期间推出新服务，近六成车票不再需要使用验证码。	It was earlier revealed that the railway department would enhance the capacity of and remodel the 12306 website, and launch new services during the Spring Festival transportation ticket purchase period. Identifying codes for close to 60% of railway tickets will no longer be required.
据泄露的电话记录显示，特朗普曾向墨西哥施压要求支付边境筑墙费用	Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment according to leaked phone call transcripts
《华盛顿邮报》泄露了美国总统唐纳德?特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚领导人之间的通话记录。	Transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been leaked by the Washington Post.
1 月 27 日，在向墨西哥总统恩里克·佩纳·涅托通话中，特朗普敦促他停止公开表示不会支付拟建边界墙的费用。	On 27th January in a phone call to Mexican president, Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump urged him to stop publicly saying he would not pay for a proposed border wall.
据报道，美国总统对他公开抨击隔离墙表示不满，据称普特朗曾对他说：“你不要告诉媒体。”	The US President berated him for publicly denouncing the wall, reportedly saying to him "You cannot say that to the press."
特朗普在总统竞选活动中承诺在美国南部边界建造隔离墙，并郑重宣布要让墨西哥就该项目付费。	Trump launched his presidential campaign on a promise to build a wall along the US southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
他与澳大利亚总理马尔科姆·特恩布尔之间的通话记录也被公布，该记录显示出他们之间紧张的交流。	Transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published revealing a tense exchange.
特朗普告诉特恩布尔，美国承担难民遣送至澳大利亚的交易是“荒谬的”，“令人讨厌的”和“愚蠢的”，他曾建议美国禁止难民重新安置，而现在坚持奥巴马政府斡旋下的交易，这将使他看起来像是一个“傻瓜”。	Mr Trump told Mr Turnbull a deal for the US to take on refugees headed for Australia was "ridiculous," "rotten" and "stupid," insisting the deal, brokered under the Obama administration, would make him look like "a dope" after he had proposed a ban on refugee resettlement in the US.
特朗普在告诉特恩布尔“这是今天最不愉快的通话”之后挂了电话。	Mr Trump ended the call after telling Mr Turnbull "this is the most unpleasant call all day."
在美国驻瑞典大使代为朗读的获奖感言中，迪伦表示收到获奖消息时还在巡演的路上，“我花了好一会儿的时间才反应过来”。	In his Nobel Prize banquet speech read by the United States Ambassador to Sweden, Bob Dylan said that he was out on the road when when he received news that he had won the award. “It took me more than a few minutes to properly process it.”
今天上午7时，我国著名男高音歌唱家和民歌演唱家郭颂在北京去世，享年85岁。	Renowned Chinese tenor and folk song performer, Guo Song, passed away at the age 85 in Beijing at 7am today.
郭颂曾创作、演唱了《新货郎》、《乌苏里船歌》、《我爱这些年轻人》、《甜透了咱心窝》等50余首作品。	Guo Song wrote and sang more than 50 works including “The New Goods Deliveryman”, “Wusuli Boat Song”, “I Love These Young People”, and “Heartwarming”.
据了解，下周有关石墨烯的首个诉讼案件将会发布，这将对中国石墨烯产品商标品牌敲响了警钟。	It is understood that the first lawsuit concerning graphene will be released next week. This has sounded the alarm for China’s graphene products’ trademark brands.
11月份全国热点城市房价趋稳，其中京沪深止涨，未来部分城市房价水平将继续回落。	Residential property prices in popular cities nationwide stabilized in November. In particular, prices stopped rising in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen. Going forward, the level of residential property prices in some cities will continue to decline.
新华社首尔１月９日电（记者陆睿　耿学鹏）韩国和朝鲜９日晚在板门店结束高级别会谈，双方发布共同声明，就朝方参加平昌冬奥会、双方举行军事部门会谈等事项达成一致。	Xinhua News Agency Seoul January 9 wire (Reporter: Lu Rui, Geng Xuepeng) South Korea and North Korea concluded high-level talks on the night of the 9th at Panmunjom. Both parties issued a joint declaration, having reached a consensus on North Korea participating in the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games, the two parties holding military talks and other matters.
根据双方发布的共同声明，朝方将派遣高级别代表团和民族奥林匹克委员会代表团参加平昌冬奥会。	According to the joint declaration issued by the two parties, North Korea will send a high-level delegation and the national Olympic Committee delegation to the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
此外，朝方还将派遣运动员团、啦啦队、艺术团、记者团等团体访韩；韩方对此提供必要的便利。	In addition, North Korea will also send athletes, a group of cheerleaders, artists, reporters and other groups. South Korea will provide the necessary convenience in this regard.
韩朝还就缓解当前军事紧张局势达成一致，并决定举行韩朝军事部门会谈。	North and South Korea also reached a consensus on easing the current military tensions, and have decided to hold military talks.
报告对去年12月访问首尔的1045名外国游客参与问卷调查的结果进行了分析。	The report analyzed the results of a survey of 1,045 foreign tourists who visited Seoul in December last year.
报告指出，外国游客人均购物额为106万韩元。	The report indicated that the per capita spending for shopping by foreign tourists amounted to KRW1.06 million.
其中，中国游客人均购物额最大，为213万韩元，达日本游客的6.5倍、美欧游客的3.2倍。	In particular, the per capita spending for shopping by Chinese tourists, at KRW2.13 million, was the highest; this was 6.5 times that of Japanese tourists and 3.2 times that of American and European tourists.
被问及来首尔旅游的目的，62.2%的中国游客回答“购物”，94.9%的中国游客购买化妆品。	With respect to the purpose for visiting Seoul, the answer from 62.2% of Chinese tourists was “shopping”; 94.4% of Chinese tourists purchased cosmetics.
96.3%的中国游客在市区免税店购物，人均花费156万韩元。	96.3% of Chinese tourists shopped at urban duty-free shops, with per capita spending at KRW1.56 million.
今年，TFBOYS三周年粉丝见面会，陈俊廷担任了活动的音乐制作人。	At TFBOYS’ third anniversary meet-the-fans event this year, Chen Junting served as the music producer of the event.
摩尔滩惨案：活动者再现种族主义私刑，伸张正义	Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists Reenact Racist Lynching as a Call for Justice
一辆 1948 年的福特水星汽车穿过佐治亚州门罗小镇的一群围观者，朝着小小的摩尔滩桥隆隆奔行。	A 1948 Ford Mercury passed through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward the small Moore's Ford Bridge.
车上载有四名黑人乘客和一名白人司机，在车抵达这座桥之前，一群带枪的白人走向前，堵住了汽车前进的路。	Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.
这帮暴徒的头儿 - 一名穿着细条纹西装的中年男子 – 深吸一口雪茄，眼睛瞥进挡风玻璃。	The leader of the mob - a middle aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.
车内乘客充满恐惧。	Inside, the occupants reeled in fear.
“我们想要 - 罗杰！” 那人喊道。	"We want that n----r Roger!" the man barked.
“把他从车里拖出来！”	"Get him out of the car!"
一名年轻的黑人从前排乘客座位上被拖下来，尖叫声刺破沉默。	Screams ripped through the silence as a young black man was dragged from the front passenger seat.
幸运的是，7 月 22 日这个可怕的场面只是一场重演。	Fortunately, this horrific scene, which played out on July 22, is just a reenactment.
但是，当“罗杰”的脖子上套上套索时，几乎所有围观的观众都发出了真切的喘息声。	But when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger," nearly everyone in the audience let out very real gasps.
自 2005 年以来，民权活动者重返摩尔滩桥，再现两对黑人夫妇 - 罗杰和多萝西·马尔康以及乔治和梅雷·多西 - 1946 年被三 K 党私刑绞死那天晚上的场景。	Since 2005, civil rights activists have returned to the Moore's Ford Bridge to recreate the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom, and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.
从未有人被指控谋杀。	No one has ever been charged with the murders.
“虽然我们知道他们是谁，尽管我们在社区中看到过他们，但这些年来，他们没有一个人遭发逮捕，这着实令人难以置信，”帮助组织这次重演的蒂龙·布鲁克斯说道。	"It's mind boggling that all of these years, not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities; even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.
“这是历史的污点，是我们灵魂的负担。”	"It's a stain on a history, but it's a burden on our souls."
布鲁克斯 71 岁，是一位佐治亚州前议员和终身维权活动家。	Brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia state congressman and lifelong civil rights activist.
对他而言，重演是一场引人注目的号召行动，每年提醒门罗社区的人们，不公正从未得到纠正。	For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
“我们想起诉，我们要结案，我们要治愈，我们希望和解，但我们必须首先得到正义，”他说。	"We want prosecution, we want closure, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but we have to have justice first," he said.
“除非我们得到正义，否则我们就得不到治愈及和解。”	"We can't get to healing and reconciliation until we get justice."
1946 年 7 月 27 日，验尸官在一名摩尔滩私刑受害者的尸体上盖上床单。	A coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore's Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
根据美国全国广播公司新闻获得的联邦调查局档案，来自门罗和周边各县的 50 多名男子涉嫌参与私刑。	According to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching.
但他们中没有一人被起诉过。	But not one was ever prosecuted.
虽然嫌疑人数十年来一直处于逍遥法外的状态，但民权活动者表示，实施私刑的双重动机在整个城镇都是众所周知的：政治和性。	Though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the twin motivations for the lynchings were always well known throughout town: politics and sex.
1946 年 4 月，最高法院的一项裁决使佐治亚州的黑人公民得以在当年夏天晚些时候首次在初选中进行投票。	In April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling enabled black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer.
根据联邦调查局的统计，大约在同一时间，黑人佃农罗杰·马尔科姆在一场斗争中刺杀了白人地主巴内特·赫斯特 - 看起来像是为了一个女人。	Around the same time of the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed Barnett Hester, a white landowner, during a fight - ostensibly over a woman.
布鲁克斯说，镇上的传言是赫斯特睡了马尔科姆的妻子多萝西，她的宝宝也不是她丈夫的。	Brooks said the town rumor was that Hester had been sleeping with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
联邦调查局称，1946 年 7 月 25 日，地位显赫的白人地主洛伊·哈里森花了 600 美元将马尔科姆保释出狱。	On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to bail Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.
多萝西和堂兄妹麦·美瑞和乔治·多尔西陪他到监狱。	He was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy, and their cousins, Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
但是，当他们从监狱回来，快到摩尔滩桥时，一群私刑暴徒把车围了起来。	But, driving away from the jail, as they approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
“事实证明，是哈里森组织并命令执行了这场谋杀，”一份 FBI 报告得出了这样的结论。	"As it turns out it was Harrison who set up and ordered the murders," one FBI report concludes.
“很明显，州和地方执法部门之间存在阴谋，他们不仅参与了谋杀，毁灭了证据，还隐瞒了证人的身份。”	"It is also apparent that there was a conspiracy among state and local law enforcement, who not only took part in the murders, disposed of evidence and concealed the identity of witnesses."
布鲁克斯十分简明扼要。	Brooks put it more succinctly.
他表示，“这是一场投票权惨案。”	"It was a voting rights massacre," he said.
“他们惨遭杀害，是凶手向这个社区的黑人发出信息：‘如果你注册并投票，你也将遭遇同样的结局。'”	"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: 'If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you.'"
近十年来，卡桑德拉·格林一直负责主导摩尔滩桥私刑惨案的年度重演工作。	For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene has directed the annual reenactment of the Moore's Ford Bridge lynchings.
她的表现手法形象鲜明，扣人心弦，带有一种深刻的种族主义背景。许多人都希望这种种族主义在美国已不复存在。	Her performance is graphic, gripping and grounded in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
看很难，不看更难，但格林说这就是关键所在。	It's difficult to watch, and even more difficult to look away, but Greene said that's the point.
“我们不想谈论私刑，因为私刑使我们要面对所有人的丑陋面，”她说。	"We don't want to talk about the lynching because it makes us face the ugliness in all of us," she said.
“但是，如果你不听我说话，或者不听到我讲述自己的经历，我就不能和你建立关系。”	"But I can't build a relationship with you, if you won't hear me, or hear what I've been through."
今年的演出于六月开始，第一天有将近 30 名演员 - 十几位白人，其余为黑人 - 挤在一间屋子里，听取格林发布排练好的演出概览。	Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene launched into a well-rehearsed overview of the play.
韦德·马尔鲍担任格林的联合导演。	Wade Marbaugh serves as Greene's co-director.
多年来，他一直扮演着三 K 党的角色，但他说这个角色从不轻松。	He's played the part of the head Klansman for years, but he said the role never gets any easier.
“我感觉很肮脏，因为我不是这样的人，” 马尔鲍说。	"I feel dirty because this is not who I am," said Marbaugh.
“但我认为保持这段历史的鲜活度非常重要，因为我们不想再回到那个时代。”	"But I think it's very important to keep this history alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
房间里，扮演罗杰·马尔科姆和巴内特·赫斯特的演员达里奥斯·布拉德肖和尼克·拉斯科纳在排练他们的台词。	Across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.
这场戏开始时，马尔科姆大喊大叫并推开赫斯特，对他睡了自己的妻子多萝西感到气愤不已。	The play begins with Malcom shouting and shoving Hester, livid that he's been sleeping with his wife, Dorothy.
“我说啊，滚出我的地盘！”	"I said n---a, get off my property!"
拉斯科纳回击道。	Rascona fires back.
接着他们就打了起来。	There's a beat.
然后每个人（至少所有的黑人演员）爆发出了笑声。	And then everyone (at least all the black actors) bursts into laughter.
格林笑得最厉害。	Greene laughs the hardest.
“怎么了？！，”拉斯科纳问道。	"What?!," Rascona asked.
他感到惊慌、困惑。	He's alarmed, confused.
我演得太过了吗？	Did I go too hard?
“没有，”格林笑着说。	"No," Greene said through chuckles.
“我只是认为白人回击的时候不会说‘啊 '。”	"I just don't think white people back then said 'n---a.'"
“是的，”另外一名黑人演员打趣道。	"Yea," one of the other black cast members quipped.
“你的语气必须强硬。”	"You have to hit the hard 'R.'"
就这样，房间里的能量发生了变化；友爱的感觉驱走了不适感。	And just like that the energy in the room shifts; a sense of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
每个人都努力这样做，不仅是为了表演这场戏，也是为了纪念四名遇难者。	Everyone is dedicated to getting this right, not only for the sake of the play, but also for the memory of the four people killed.
现场再次开始。	The scene begins again.
这一次，拉斯科纳说这个“啊”字时，语气尖锐而有力。	This time, when Rascona says the N-word, it's sharp and emphatic.
没有一个人笑场。	Absolutely no one laughs.
重演有力而迅速地结束了。	The reenactment ends violently and quickly.
尖叫声、枪声大作，然后，就是一片沉默。	There's screams, gunfire and then, silence.
一位穿着葬礼黑衣的女子站在演员身体边，唱着比利·哈乐黛的哀悼词“奇怪的果实”。	A woman dressed in funeral black, stands over the actors bodies and performs Billie Holiday's mournful eulogy, "Strange Fruit."
她的声音压过了其他言语。	Her voice breaks on every other word.
一百码之外，大约四十名观众在不停地擦拭着汗水和眼泪。	A hundred yards back, a group of about four dozen spectators wipe sweat and tears away from their eyes.
观众中黑人和白人几乎各占一半。	The audience is almost evenly split between black and white.
有一对夫妇专程从纽约伊萨卡来看演出，还有很多人就住在马路附近。	One couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many are from just down the road.
布鲁克斯带他们去马尔科姆和多萝西的墓地拜祭，路程将近八小时，大家都在忍受着佐治亚令人不适的湿热感。	They've all weathered Georgia's oppressive humidity for the nearly eight hours as Brooks lead them on a pilgrimage to the grave sites of the Malcoms and Dorseys.
直到此时，谋杀者仍然是个迷。但现在，站在发生私刑的同一片土地上，空气中弥漫着焦虑。	Up until this point, the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels haunted.
当歌曲最后的音符消失时，格林请人们靠近些检查演员扮演的尸体。	As the final notes of the song fade, Greene invites the crowd to move closer and inspect the bodies.
孩子们俯身低头，看着假血和尸体，互相窃窃私语。	Children crouch by their heads, take in the fake blood and still bodies, and whisper to each other.
“他们并不是真的死了，”一个小男孩喃喃自语，好像在提醒自己。	"They're not really dead," one little boy mutters, as if to remind himself.
几分钟后，格林感谢人群，然后表演结束。	After a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd, and suddenly it's over.
演员甩开私刑绳索，擦掉眼泪。	The actors throw off the lynching rope and wipe away tears.
布拉德肖拥抱着扮演三 K 党头目的西装男子马尔鲍。	Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the head Klansman.
尼克·拉斯科纳拥抱他的两个同僚，在他们怀里失声哭泣；表演中的情感最终感染到他。	Nick Rascona hugs two of his castmates, and then breaks down crying in their arms; the emotional toll of the performance finally getting to him.
“没关系，”其中一名妇女低语道。	"It's okay," one of the women whispers.
“我们知道你的内心不是这样的。	"We know that's not what's in your heart.
你这样做是有原因的。”	You did this for a reason."
之后，观众坐下来与演员共进晚餐。	Later, the audience sits down to dinner with the actors.
在同一张桌子上，来自亚特兰大的一对白人夫妇与他们刚刚遇到的一对黑人夫妇亲密聊天，畅谈关于重演的事情。	At one table, a white couple from Atlanta chats animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they just met.
丹尼斯·杜普林斯基很难找到词语形容她观看后感受。	Denise Duplinski struggled to find words for how the performance made her feel.
“很难想象那些可怕的言辞和行为......竟然是像你这样的人说出来、做出来的，因为他们看起来跟你很像，”她说。	"It's hard to hear those horrible awful words, and deeds ... come out of people that look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.
“这对我来说，真的让我以为私刑仍在进行，”她补充道，“现在这种事情只称为警察枪杀。”	"What this really does to me is make me think that lynchings are still going on," she added, "they're just called police shootings now."
房间里，蒂龙·布鲁克斯坐在桌子旁观看，品尝和回味着公民权利。	Across the room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, eating and reminiscing about civil rights.
他说他已经开始计划明年的表演了。	He said he's already begun planning for next year's performance.
“重演是一种鼓舞人心的方式，因为它描述了我们经历过的恐怖，但它也是十分具有教育性，”他说道。	"The reenactment is inspirational in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it also is a teaching moment," he said.
“如果你不从中吸取教训，这种事情可能还会再次发生。	"It's like, if you don't learn from this, it can happen again.
那些不研究、不了解自己历史的人注定要重蹈覆辙。”	Those who don't study their history, those who do not know their history, are doomed to repeat it."
对于天然气市场化改革而言，“管网独立”方面的改革重要性不言而喻，但阻力和争议也较大。	As regards implementing market-oriented reforms associated with natural gas, the importance of reform with respect to “pipeline and grid independence” is self-evident, but more resistance and controversy can be expected.
记者7日从河北开滦集团获悉，7日上午11时25分，位于河北省唐山市古冶区的开滦集团化工有限公司乳化车间发生爆炸事故，现场有13名作业人员被困。	On the 7th, reporters learned from Kailuan (Group) that at 11:25 am on the 7th, an explosion occurred at the emulsifying workshop of Kailuan (Group) Chemical Co., Ltd. which is located at Guye District of Tangshan, Hebei Province; 13 operators were trapped at the site of the explosion.
截至目前，被困13人中，已有一人获救，急送医院抢救，其余12人正在紧张搜救中。	To date, of the 13 people trapped, one has been rescued, and rushed to the hospital for immediate medical treatment, while emergency rescue operations are still ongoing for the other 12.
据了解，目前现场已经封锁，当地公安、消防、医疗等部门正在现场救援。	It is understood that the scene of the explosion has been sealed. The local public security, firefighting, medical and other departments are carrying out rescue operations at the scene at this time.
据目击者称，事发时一声巨响，瞬时间一朵蘑菇云腾空而起。	Eye witnesses said that there was a loud bang when the explosion occurred, and a mushroom cloud rose instantly.
据现场组织搜救的开滦集团人员介绍，唐山开滦(集团)化工有限公司地处河北省唐山市古冶区赵各庄北，是国家批准的民用爆破器材定点生产企业，始建于1958年，原名开滦矿务局六O二厂。	According to the staff of Kailuan (Group) who were organizing the rescue effort at the scene, Tangshan Kailuan (Group) Chemical Co., Ltd., located at Northern Zhaoge Village, Guye District, Tangshan, Hebei Province, is a State approved designated enterprise that produces explosives for civilian use. It was established in 1958, and was formerly known as Kailuan Mining Bureau Factory 602.
本报讯(记者崔巍)自15年前出道以来，周杰伦每年必出一张新专辑，但是去年他却罕见地失约了。	(Reporter: Cui Wei) Since he made his debut 15 years ago, Jay Chou would release a new album every year, but surprisingly, he failed to do so last year.
不过歌迷们对此并没有表示任何不满，反而齐齐送上祝福，因为失约的原因是周杰伦幸福地当上了爸爸。	His fans did not protest however; instead, they sent their blessings because the reason Jay Chou failed to release a new album was because he became a father.
让大家等待了整整一年半之后，昨天周杰伦终于来到北京，为人们献上这张他升级人父后的首份作品，同时也是他音乐生涯中的第14张专辑《周杰伦的睡前故事》。	After waiting for a year and a half, Jay Chou finally arrived in Beijing to present his first works since becoming a father. It was also the 14th album in his music career, “Jay Chou’s Bedtime Stories”.
美媒：中国空军工程大学科学家研究激光卫星，用于清除太空垃圾	US media: Scientists from the Air Force Engineering University of China looking into laser satellite to clean up space debris
参考消息网1月18日报道 美媒称，中国科学家提出了一项大胆创新的提议，使用大型激光器清理杂乱的地球轨道，毁掉旧卫星以及其天空垃圾。	Reference News January 18 report US media claims that Chinese scientists have put forward a daring and innovation proposal - to use large lasers to clean up the messy Earth orbit, and destroy old satellites as well as other space debris.
据美国《新闻周刊》网站1月15日报道，中国空军工程大学的研究人员撰写了一篇题为《天基激光清除小尺度空间碎片变轨模型研究》的论文，该论文描述了通过使用天基平台激光器，空间碎片可以如何被激光辐照成更小的、危害没那么大的碎片。	A January 15 report on US “Newsweek” website stated that researchers at the Air Force Engineering University of China have written a thesis on “Research on de-orbiting model of small scale space debris removal using space-based laser”. This thesis described how by using space-based platform lasers, space debris would be rendered smaller and less dangerous as a result of laser radiation.
报道称，多年来，太空垃圾一直都是国际空间机构关心的问题，美国航天局考虑了多种选择方案跟踪、探测和移除人造碎片。	The report claimed that for years, space debris has always been a matter of concern for international space agencies. NASA has considered many alternative plans to track, probe and remove human made debris.
清除大尺度空间碎片的方式包括用来清扫和收集废物的巨型网，以及可以被用来将它们吸出轨道的磁体。中国科学家进行了激光器仿真研究，得出以下结论，即这将是清理地球轨道的有效方式。	The methods for cleaning up large space debris include using an enormous net to clean up and collect the debris, as well as using magnetic material to suck them out of the orbit. Chinese scientists have conducted a laser simulation study and arrived at the following conclusion. This will be an effective method for cleaning up the Earth’s orbit.
该论文的摘要称：“（仿真研究）为天基平台激光清除空间碎片技术的应用提供了必要的理论基础。”	The abstract of the thesis claimed that “(the simulated study) has provided the necessary theoretical basis for the application of space debris removal by using space-based laser.”
美国国防业巨头洛克希德－马丁公司2014年的研究发现，对于正在沿轨道运行的卫星而言，每天大约有200个威胁物。	A 2014 research conducted by US defense industry giant Lockheed Martin revealed that as far as orbiting satellites are concerned, approximately 200 deterrents exist daily.
沿地球轨道运动的高速碎片被视为对未来空间任务的严重威胁，被欧洲航天局的专家形容为“致命的一连串威胁”。过去的每一年，高速碎片都在持续增加。	The high-speed debris of orbiting satellites are regarded as serious threats to future space missions, and have been described by European Space Agency experts as a “series of fatal threats”. High-speed debris has continued to rise annually over the years.
另据美国《大众机械》月刊网站1月17日报道，太空基本上是空的，但紧挨着地球的太空越来越拥挤。我们送入太空的每颗卫星最终都会变成又一块围绕地球运行的碎片，而且随着时间的推移，这些碎片会堆积起来。	According to a January 17 report on the US-based “Popular Mechanics” website, space is basically empty, but space around Earth has become increasingly crowded. Every satellite we send into space will ultimately become debris orbiting Earth. As time passes, these debris will accumulate.
碎片越多，某颗仍在正常运转的卫星被碎片击中的几率越高，进而损坏或摧毁一项价值数百万美元的投资。	As debris increase, the probability of a satellite that is still operating normally being hit by debris becomes higher, thereby damaging or destroying an investment worth millions of US dollars.
报道称，所有太空机构都制定了在未来清除太空垃圾的计划。	The report claimed that all space agencies have formulated plans to remove space debris in the future.
NASA正在考虑用喷射气体降低碎片的速度，使其脱离轨道，欧洲正在考虑发射一颗携带一张大网的卫星，捕捉碎片，带回地球，日本的想法是用一条电动链捕捉碎片。	NASA is considering firing atmospheric gases to reduce the speed of the debris so that it would de-orbit. Europe is looking at launching a satellite with a large net to capture the debris and it back to earth. Japan’s idea is to use a power chain to capture the debris.
眼下，中国也提出一个解决太空垃圾的办法，即用一台大型激光器把漂浮的太空垃圾击成不那么有害的小碎片。	At this time, China has also put forward a method of solving the space debris problem, and that is, to use a large laser to shrink the floating space debris into smaller, less harmful pieces.
据中国空军工程大学的一群研究人员在德国《光学》月刊上发表的一篇论文，在一颗卫星上安装这样一台激光器将足够有效地清理太空，至少根据模拟结果是这样。	According to a thesis published in German magazine “Optics”, a group of researchers at the Air Force Engineering University of China claimed that installing such a laser on a satellite would be enough to effectively clean up space; at least, according to the simulated results, that is.
报道称，证实有效性的唯一途径是进行测试，目前尚无此类任务的安排，但或许早晚会有人在卫星上安装激光器然后将其送入太空。	The report claimed that the only way to prove effectiveness is to carry out tests. Currently, there are no arrangements for such as mission, but sooner or later, someone will install a laser on a satellite and send it into space.
一旦做到了，我们就可以最终开始一劳永逸地消除太空垃圾的问题。	Once this is achieved, we can finally bid farewell to space debris problems for good.
（编译/胡婧、王海昉）	(Compiled by/Hu Jing, Wang Haifang)
在费德勒18年的职业生涯中赢得了非常多的比赛，在这场时尚的决赛中，他收获了超过60%的粉丝投票。	Federer won a lot of games in his 18-year career. In this final of fashion, he received more than 60% of fans' votes.
培生集团再裁 3000 个岗位，大幅削减股息以复兴业务	Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs, slashes dividend to revive business
英国教育集团培生集团星期五称将再裁 3000 个岗位，并大幅度削减中期股息 72%，因其已开始另一重组项目来应对业务压力。	British education group Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and slash its interim dividend by 72 per cent as it started another restructuring programme to tackle the pressures facing its business.
首席执行官约翰·法伦称，大部分岗位裁减将在 2018 年下半年和 2019 年上半年进行，此前的重组中已缩减了 4000 个岗位。	The job cuts, which Chief Executive John Fallon said will mostly come late in 2018 and in early 2019, are in addition to 4,000 roles lost in its previous restructuring.
培生集团五月份宣布计划在第三次成本削减项目中再削减 3 亿英镑（3.94 亿美元）成本，以复兴受数字化学习快速发展冲击的业务。	Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by another 300 million pounds ($394-million U.S.) in May in a third cost-cutting programme to try to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
上个月，该公司同意将其在企鹅兰登书屋的股份出售给合作伙伴贝塔斯曼，并发表报告称上半年其基本销售额上浮 1%，增至 20.5 亿英镑，但表示今年前景不变。	The company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann last month, said its outlook for the year was unchanged after it reported a 1 per cent rise in underlying sales in the first half to 2.05 billion pounds.
几天前，中国田协严肃认真地出了个通知，严打替跑现象，并且准备对违规者给予终身禁赛的重罚。	A few days ago, the China Athletic Association issued a serious notice to severely beat the phenomenon of running for others, and prepared to punish violators with a lifelong ban.
车队喀布尔遭自杀式爆炸袭击致北约士兵身亡	Kabul convoy attack: Nato soldier killed in suicide blast
据官方消息称，一支军方车队在阿富汗首都喀布尔遭遇自杀式炸弹手袭击，造成一名北约士兵丧生和数人受伤。	A suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a Nato soldier and wounding several others, officials say.
北约声明称，有五名士兵和一名口译员被炸伤。	Five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, a Nato statement said.
据未经证实的当地报道称，三名平民也在该市卡拉巴格地区发生的这次事件中死亡。	Unconfirmed local reports say three civilians also died in the incident in the city's Qarabagh district.
这是阿富汗遭逢的最新暴力袭击事件 - 周二发生的赫拉特清真寺爆炸事件造成了 30 多人死亡。	The bombing is the latest violence to have hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque blast in Herat.
周一，一名自杀式炸弹手在伊拉克驻喀布尔大使馆附近炸死两人。	On Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
据北约声明称，周四晚间发生爆炸事件，阿富汗和北约联军的联合巡逻队遇“个人携带简易爆炸装置”袭击。	A Nato statement said that Thursday evening's blast happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "personnel-borne improvised explosive device."
该声明称，所有受伤人员目前状态稳定，正在位于巴格拉姆空军基地的美军医院接受治疗。	The statement said that all those injured are in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.
据记者报道，卡拉巴赫地区的塔利班和所谓的伊斯兰国 (IS) 组织日益壮大引发驻扎在巴格拉姆附近的北约部队的严重关注。	Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as so-called Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major source of concern to Nato forces based in nearby Bagram.
据联合国统计，2017 年上半年阿富汗至少有 1,662 名平民死亡，而首都的死亡人数占约 20%.	According to the United Nations, Afghanistan saw at least 1,662 civilian deaths in the first half of 2017, with about 20% of those in the capital.
7月底发生在喀布尔以什叶派为主的地区的一起自杀式汽车炸弹袭击事件造成了至少 30 人死亡。	At the end of July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shia district of Kabul.
塔利班声称他们发动了这次袭击。	The Taliban said they had carried out that attack.
5 月 31 日，在喀布尔市中心发生一起巨大爆炸，造成 150 多人丧生，这是自2001年美国领导的多国部队将塔利班推翻后该国发生的最致命的武装分子袭击事件。	On 31 May, a huge bombing in the centre of the city killed more than 150 people, the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.
暴力事件凸显了美国总统唐纳德?特朗普权衡是否增兵阿富汗支援其军队和警察之际该国险象环生的安全局势。	The violence underlines the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump weighs up whether to increase the number of US troops aiding the military and police in the country.
据记者报道，最近数周在喀布尔发生的自杀式爆炸事件也引发了公众对政府及其政策，特别是阿什拉夫?加尼 (Ashraf Ghani) 总统声誉的信任危机。	Correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also created a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and in particular the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
美国国家环境保护局 (EPA) 诉讼后推翻决议，延迟烟雾法规	EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits
奥巴马在任时做出了要求各州遏制引起烟雾的各类排放的规定，15 个州因为该项规定对美国国家环境保护局进行起诉。起诉一天后，EPA 推翻了该项规定。	The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reversed a decision to delay an Obama-era rule requiring states to curb smog-causing emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.
美国环保局周三宣布决定继续推行所谓的“2015 年臭氧达标区”，并承诺环保局将与各州合作。	The EPA announced the decision to go ahead with the so-called "2015 Ozone Designations" late on Wednesday, saying it showed the agency's commitment to working with states.
美国环保局局长斯科特·普鲁伊特在一份声明中表示，“我们对与国家合作伙伴进行对话充满信心，并且致力于对其作出回应。”	"We believe in dialogue with, and being responsive to, our state partners," EPA Chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
普鲁伊特在 6 月份宣布，环保局计划将臭氧达标区标准的实施推迟至 2018 年 10 月，推迟时间为一年 - 根据该标准，对部分地区现有烟雾污染进行测量，以确定哪些地区应当减少造成烟雾污染的排放，以符合空气质量标准。	Pruitt in June had announced the EPA's intention to delay the ozone designations - in which existing smog pollution is measured in parts of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet tougher air quality standard - by one year to October 2018.
15 个主要民主党州以及哥伦比亚特区在星期二对此提起诉讼，宣称这一行为违法。	A group of 15 mostly Democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a suit on Tuesday saying the effort was illegal.
作为更广泛议程的一部分，唐纳德·特朗普总统当局一直在努力恢复前总统巴拉克·奥巴马推行的各种环境法规，以刺激经济增长。	The administration of President Donald Trump has been seeking to roll back a wide array of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama, as part of a broader agenda Trump says is aimed at sparking economic growth.
但这些努力引发了民主党和保守团体的反对。他们担心更多排放会影响公众健康。	But the efforts have triggered pushback by Democratics and conservation groups who are concerned about the impact of greater emissions on public health.
美国环保局网站上宣称，呼吸含有臭氧的空气“会减低肺部功能，增加呼吸道症状”，比如哮喘等。	The EPA's website says breathing air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" like asthma.
在刚刚结束的2016厦门（海沧）国际半程马拉松赛上，发生两名跑者猝死事件。	Two runners suffered sudden death in the recently ended 2016 Xiamen (Haicang) International Half Marathon.
根据印度政府的相关规定，要想在印度开设零售店，必须在印度采购30%的产品零部件。	According to relevant regulations of the Indian government, establishing retail stores in India would entail procuring 30% of a product’s parts and components in India.
前晚，阿里音乐2016滚石原创乐团大赛决赛在广州中央车站举行，最终“每个星期二下午”乐团凭借一首《他不愿生活在梦中，却永远生活在梦中》夺冠，如同所有的liveshow一样，他们竭尽所能利用歌声、动作、造型传达情绪，为“自由”呐喊。	Two nights ago, Ali Music’s 2016 Rock & Roll Original Band Final was held at Guangzhou Railway Station. The band, “Every Tuesday Afternoon”, won the first prize with its song “He doesn’t want to live in a dream, but lived forever in a dream”. As with all live shows, they did their best to use their voices, actions and looks to convey their emotions, crying out for “freedom”.
当晚来了五位知名音乐人当评委，分别是彭莒欣、颜仲坤、李赤、朱七，还有“闷骚歌手”郁可唯。	Five renowned musicians - Peng Juxin, Yan Zhongkun, Li Chi, Zhu Qi, and “outwardly aloof and inwardly passionate singer” Yu Kewei, served as judges that night.
在接受羊城晚报记者专访之前，郁可唯喝了一口小酒，她觉得这样会多说几句。“快女”、《时间煮雨》、滚石、天娱……是市场附加在她身上的关键词，她在坦然接受的同时也极力守护内心的净土。	Before an exclusive interview with a Yangcheng Evening News reporter, Yu Kewei had a sip of alcohol. She felt this would help her loosen her tongue a little. “Super Girl”, “Time Boils the Rain”, Rock Records, EE-Media ...... are the keywords the market has attached to her. She has calmly accepted these terms while trying her best to safeguard her internal purity.
这也是目前很多歌手的真实生存状态——知道市场需要什么，也知道自己喜欢什么。	This is also the true state of survival of many singers at this time - they know what the market wants, and they know what they themselves like.
据新华社电 神舟十一号航天员景海鹏、陈冬7日在北京航天城航天员公寓接受了媒体记者采访，状态良好。	According to Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhou 11 astronauts Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong were interviewed on the 7th by the media at the astronauts’ apartment in Aerospace City, Beijing. Both were in good condition.
16日上午10时左右，江苏省如皋市东陈镇双马化工厂发生爆炸。	At about 10am on the 16th, an explosion occurred at Shuangma Chemical Plant located in Dongchen Town, Rugao, Jiangsu Province.
记者从如皋市委宣传部了解到，现场施救正在进行中，已有伤员被陆续救出。	Reporters learned from the Propaganda Department of the Rugao Municipal Party Committee that rescue efforts are in the process of being carried out, and the injured have been successively rescued.
目前具体伤亡情况不明，爆炸原因正在调查。	The exact number of fatalities and those injured are as yet unclear, and the cause of the explosion is currently under investigation.
昨晚，深马组委会公布了对B0575、B0800两名替跑参赛者的处罚公告，取消两人成绩，并将报请中国田协追加处罚。	Last night, the Organizing Committee of International Marathon Shenzhen announced the punishment for the two surrogate runners B0575 and B0800. Their results were canceled, and their cases would be further reported to the China Athletic Association for additional punishment.
在繁重的训练期间，跑者需要摄入足够的营养来满足身体对能量的需求。	During heavy training, the runner needs enough nutrition to meet the body's demand for energy.
在日常饮食方面，休赛期的食物量肯定要比训练期间的少，特别是减少碳水化合物的摄入，增加蛋白质和纤维的摄入。	In terms of daily diet, the food intake in off-season is sure to be less than that during training, especially that the intake of carbohydrate is controlled while the intake of protein and fiber is increased appropriately.
2016年12月15日至22日，国家大剧院全新制作的话剧《哈姆雷特》，再次引燃了中国观众对艺术经典的热情。	From December 15 to 22, 2016, a brand new production of “Hamlet” by the National Centre for the Performing Arts again triggered the passion of Chinese audience for art classics.
麦基·加西亚和瓦西里·洛马琴科首次会面，探讨未来有可能上演的决战	Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown
最引人注目的 147 磅以下拳击比赛将于不久后举办，当前正处于可能发生冲突状态中的瓦西里·洛马琴科和麦基·加西亚于周四首次会面。	Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who should be on a collision course to stage the most compelling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, met each other for the first time Thursday.
他们分别在洛杉矶 ESPN 办公室的独立房间里，不败的世界拳击理事会轻量级冠军加西亚率先走下走廊，向世界拳击组织超羽量级冠军洛马琴科致意。	They were in separate rooms at ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the unbeaten World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hallway to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.
在周六举办的 Showtime 拳赛上，裁判一致认定加西亚打败了四分区世界冠军阿德里安·布罗纳取得胜利，至此，这两位拳手均已成为同重量级榜单前五名的选手。	After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top-five pound-for-pound list.
加西亚伸出右手说道：“冠军，你好吗？	Garcia extended his right hand and said, "How you doing, champ?
祝你好运。”	Best of luck to you."
在周六晚上 7 点的 ESPN 比赛中，洛马琴科战胜了米格尔·马里亚加，保全了他的地位。	Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 7 on ESPN.
当他们两位拍照时，洛马琴科的经纪人埃吉斯·克利玛斯指出，两位选手之间潜在的对决取决于“完美的尺寸”。	As the pair posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a potential showdown between the fighters would be "perfect sizing."
“我之前是轻量级，”加西亚提道。	"I'm a former featherweight," Garcia reminded.
“我上调级别以对战布罗纳（140 磅），但我体重并没有那么大。	"I moved up for Broner [at 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.
相对于 140 磅，我的体重还差一点。	I'm small for 140.
我想回到轻量级。	I want to come down to lightweight.
而他必须达到轻量级（135 磅），然后我们才能对战。	And he's got to move up to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we have a fight.
这也是粉丝们想要的。	That's what the fans are asking for.
那我们就满足他们。”	Let's give them that."
洛马琴科对此表示同意。	Lomachenko agreed.
“拳击界需要这场对战。”	"Boxing needs this fight."
克利玛斯问他是否应该按次收费，他的部分战略是必须让洛马琴科在今年晚些时候与一位 135 磅选手进行首秀比赛，以为明年夏天与加西亚（37-0,30 淘汰赛）约定一个日期。加西亚也有兴趣在 9 月 23 日论坛轻量级拳王争霸赛之后，与豪尔赫·利纳雷斯-卢克·坎贝尔对战的胜利者进行对决。	Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy he has to have Lomachenko fight a 135-pound debut bout later this year to set up a date next summer with Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts), who also has interest in fighting the Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell winner following their Sept. 23 lightweight title bout at the Forum.
“由于所有的粉丝都在问这个问题，这场对战可能是按次收费，”加西亚说。之后，他对于在提供最佳财务方案的网络上比赛表示出开放态度。	"This fight could be on pay-per-view because all the fans have been asking about it," Garcia said, later expressing openness to fighting on whatever network offers the best financial package.
“我们是主要人物。	"We're the main names.
其他人不可能产生这么大的关注度。	No other names can generate that kind of attention.
只要他们准备好......”	Whenever they're ready ... ."
加西亚赞赏洛马琴科是“一个出色的选手”，并可能现场观看他周六的拳击比赛。	Garcia said he appreciates Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter," and may attend his Saturday bout.
但洛马琴科对加西亚的赞誉有所犹豫，称他认为这个来自里弗赛德的三分区冠军看起来“很慢。抱歉，麦基......你会被淘汰的。”	But Lomachenko paused at lavish praise for Garcia, saying he thought the three-division champion from Riverside looked "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the knockout."
加西亚说，重点是要展现拳头的力量，然后再是拳击。	Garcia said the focus was to show punching strength, then box.
他们都表示可以感受到自己拳击比赛的势头。	They both said they can feel the momentum building for their own bout.
“这是必须要进行的对战，	"This is the fight to be made.
关注度和热议度是其他拳击比赛所不能及的。	No other fight creates as much attention and buzz.
我非常乐意参赛，”加西亚说。	I'm more than happy to work at it," Garcia said.
洛马琴科说：“我一直在等待顶级战士，这次轮到麦基了。	Said Lomachenko: "I've waited for the top fighters, and this is Mikey.
这将是一场伟大的对战。”	It will be a great fight."
宣传环保昨天，西城区举办了“绿色家园，益动西城”大型环境志愿服务主题活动	Promote Environmental Protection yesterday held a large-scale environmental volunteer service thematic event entitled “Green Homeland, Make Xicheng Proud”
不同于以往捡垃圾、发宣传材料的传统方式，主办方专门设置了6个游戏体验区，包括节水马桶展示、酵素制作体验、交通多米诺骨牌等。	Unlike the past traditional methods of picking up trash and handing out promotional material, the organizers have set up six special game experiential zones, including water-efficient toilets, enzyme production experiences, and traffic dominoes.
目前在国内，许多小朋友因为以职业高尔夫球手为目标，放弃了学业，而在职业道路上走得平顺，更不会考虑大学。	At present, many children in China have given up their studies, taking professional golfers as their goals. And they have been so smooth on the professional path and won’tconsider going to colleges.
中国发改委官员对十一五减排目标提前完成的表态，让受限电限产压制的钢铁行业有了强烈的复产预期。	The position stated by National Development and Reform Commission officials as regards achieving the emission reduction target of the 11th Five-Year Plan ahead of time gives the steel industry, which has been subjected to power supply and production quotas, strong expectations of resumption of production.
虽然目前钢厂并未收到当地政府宣布节能减排工作已结束的明确通知，但业内估计，2010年12月15日左右，各地原本被限产的钢厂将陆续完成复产，钢价或将开始承压。	Although steel plants, as of now, have yet to receive clear notification from local governments announcing that work related to energy conservation and emission reduction has ended, the industry expects that by around December 15, 2010, steel plants nationwide that have been subjected to production quotas will resume production successively. Steel prices could start to come under pressure.
目前还没有收到限电限产结束的通知，但实际上各个企业的压力已经大大小于9、10月份，河北省一家民营钢企人士对记者说。	A spokesperson from a private steel enterprise in Hebei told our reporter that notice to end power supply and production quotas has yet to be received at this time, but in reality, pressure on all enterprises have eased significantly when compared to that in September and October.
河北部分地方曾屡次下发限电限产文件，并一度采取强制拉闸的方式限制企业生产。	Some local governments in Hebei Province have repeatedly issued documents related to power supply and production quotas, and have adopted mandatory power shutdown measures to limit production.
记者从当地企业了解到，目前河北绝大部分地区的钢厂已经复工，限产压力缓解。	The reporter learned from local enterprises that the steel plants of most regions in Hebei have resumed production at this time, and pressure from production quotas have eased.
我的钢铁网分析师张铁山预计，由于北方已经入冬，建筑钢材的终端需求将逐步由强转弱。	Mysteel.com analyst Zhang Tieshan estimated that end-user demand for construction steel will gradually weaken as winter has already arrived in Northern China.
加之节能减排的逐步结束，到12月15日前后，大部分钢厂将基本复产，产品将于元旦前陆续到达各地市场。	Coupled with the energy conservation and emission reduction program winds down, most steel plants will generally resume production by around December 15. Products will gradually make their way to markets across the country before New Year’s Day.
资源供应的增加将使得目前涨势正好的钢材价格受到一定压力。	The increase in the supply of resources will exert some pressure on soaring steel prices.
12月20日，中兴智能汽车相关人士对澎湃新闻（www.thepaper.cn）记者表示，中兴通讯收购了珠海广通客车70%的股份，并在此基础上组建了中兴通讯的智能汽车团队，“金额不方便透露，达到数亿元。我们正在招揽人才，未来智能汽车将是中兴通讯一个很重要的业务。	On December 20, relevant personnel from ZTE Smart Auto told Bloomberg (www.thepaper.cn) reporters that ZTE has acquired a 70% equity stake in Granton Automobile, and will set up ZTE’s smart auto group on this foundation. “We are not at liberty to disclose the monetary sum, but it amounted to several hundred million. We are in the process of recruiting talent. In the future, smart autos will be a very important business for ZTE.
据外媒报道，美国当地时间7月19日，好莱坞著名导演加里·马歇尔因肺炎并发症在加州伯班克的一家医院里逝世，享年81岁。	According to foreign media reports, renowned Hollywood director Garry Marshall passed away on July 19 local time of complications from pneumonia at a hospital in Burbank, California. He was 81 years old.
其新闻发言人米雪儿·贝佳向《今日美国》的记者证实了这一消息。	His publicist Michelle Bega confirmed this news to a “USA Today” reporter.
在国羽出战总决赛的历史上，还从未有一人同时拿下双打两冠。	In the history of Chinese badminton team playing in the finals, no one has ever won the champions of two pair games at the same time.
第68届艾美奖颁奖典礼昨日(当地时间9月18日晚)在美国洛杉矶举行。	The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony was held in Los Angeles, USA, yesterday (night of September 18th, local time).
今年的剧情类“视帝”“视后”竞争激烈，最终由两位新人打败了一众老演员：最佳男主角奖由首次提名的《黑客军团》男主角拉米·马雷克夺得，最佳女主角奖由《黑色孤儿》的塔提阿娜·玛斯拉尼夺得。	Competition for “Best Actor” and “Best Actress” in a dramatic role was intense this year. Finally, two newcomers beat seasoned actors: the Best Actor Award went to the male lead of “Mr. Robot”, Rami Malek, who was nominated for the first time, while Tatiana Maslany of “Orphan Black” won the Best Actress Award.
本届艾美奖的大赢家当属《权力的游戏》和《美国犯罪故事》。	“Game of Thrones” and “American Crime Story” were the biggest winners of this Annual Emmy Awards.
《美国犯罪故事》包揽了迷你剧/电视电影类的重要大奖，《权力的游戏》则拿下12个大奖(含技术类)，其中包括剧情类最佳剧集、最佳导演和最佳编剧三个重磅大奖。	“American Crime Story” won the major awards for the limited series, movie or dramatic special category, while “Game of Thrones” won 12 major awards (including the technical category); in particular, it won three major awards, namely, Best Drama Series, Best Directing for a Drama Series, and Best Writing for a Drama Series.
至此，《权力的游戏》已经收获了艾美奖奖座38个，成为历史上获得艾美奖最多的电视剧集。	To date, “Game of Thrones” has already received 38 Emmy Awards, becoming the TV series that has won the most Emmy Awards in history.
遗憾的是，今年《权力的游戏》在演员奖项上颗粒无收。	Regrettably, none of the actors in “Game of Thrones” won an award.
就在几年前，能够涉足风投领域的仅局限于创办过公司，后来加入风投公司的人，又或者那些希望事业更上一层楼的风投公司分析师。	A few years ago, people who were allowed to set foot in the venture capital sector were limited to those who had founded companies and subsequently joined venture capital companies, or analysts who worked in venture capital companies who hoped to further their careers.
创业者能够更加轻松地从AngelList数目众多的投资者那里获得小额融资，因而不需要线人给他们跟顶级风投公司牵线搭桥。	Entrepreneurs would be able to more easily raise funds from the numerous investors on the AngelList, and would therefore not have to rely on on agents to put them in contact with top venture capital companies.
国际在线消息（记者刘湃）：18日，意大利驻华使馆经济商务处举办中国－意大利环保洽谈会，来自两国企业和科研机构人士就新形势下两国在可再生资源领域的合作广泛交换意见，达成积极共识。	CRI Online (Liu Pai): The Economic & Commercial Section of the Embassy of the Republic of Italy in China held a Sino-Italian Cooperation Program for Environmental Protection on the 18th. Participants from corporations and scientific research institutions of the two countries had an extensive exchange of views in respect of cooperation between the two countries as regards renewable resources under a new state of affairs, and reached a consensus.
据悉，中方参会代表主要有中国再生资源开发有限公司、中国国际技术转移协作网络，意方则由全球能源环境交流组织、意大利博洛尼亚大区企业联合会等机构组成。	It is understood that the participating Chinese representatives mainly comprised those from China Recycling Development Corporation Ltd and International Technology Transfer Network, while the Italian representatives included those from the Global Energy Environmental Exchange Organization, federation of businesses of the greater Bologna region, and other entities.
意方代表表示，意大利在可再生资源领域拥有多样性的环保技术和解决方案，提议在工业垃圾处理、废油处理和垃圾焚烧处理设备三方面与中方开展试点项目，同时期待将与中国的环保合作经验推广到全球其他地区。	The Italian representatives said that Italy has a myriad of environmental protection technologies and solutions in the renewable resources sector, and proposed to carry out pilot programs with the Chinese in three areas, namely, industrial waste treatment, waste oil treatment, and waste incineration and disposal. It also looked forward to promoting its environmental protection partnership experience with China in other regions around the world.
瑞典避难者年龄评估测试最新结果公布	New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
瑞典避难者测试采用最新方法，从医学上评估他们的年龄，最新结果表明，超过 80% 的受试者被判定为超过 18 岁，但并非所有人都相信其准确性。	The latest results of tests on asylum seekers in Sweden subjected to a new method of medically assessing their age show that over 80 percent tested were judged to be older than 18, but not everyone has faith in their accuracy.
瑞典国家法医学中心 (R?ttsmedicinalverket) 在今年早些时候开始此项测试。	Sweden's national Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) started carrying out the tests earlier year.
被指未能准确评估部分声称未成年的难民的年龄后，瑞典移民局 (Migrationsverket) 设计了这些测试，以期在避难过程中进行更准确的年龄评估。	They are designed to make age assessment during the asylum process more accurate after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failings in assessing the correct age of some refugees claiming to be underage.
到目前为止，瑞典移民局已经送来 6880 例测试者，法医学中心目前已经公布 2017 年 3 月中旬至 7 月 31 日期间总计 2481 名测试者的结果。	To date Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested, and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now released the results of a total of 2,481 tests from the period between mid March until July 31st, 2017.
80%（2002 人）被判定为年满 18 岁或以上，然而在另外 25 例的测试中，瑞典国家法医学中心又判定受试对象“可能年满 18 岁或以上”。	Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or over, while in a further 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the subject was "possibly 18 or over."
在 432 例测试中，结果是此人“可能未满 18 岁”。	In 432 cases the conclusion was that the person is "possibly under 18."
测试只针对年龄有疑问的人。	The tests are only carried out in cases where the person's age is in question.
据法医学中心的约翰·葛兰森称，这些结果与前几个月的结果一致。	According to Johan Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results are consistent with previous months.
他告诉 The Local：“这些数据和前几个月的数据没有太大差别，数字都十分一致。”	"We see no big difference in the statistics from previous months, the numbers are quite consistent," he told The Local.
被判定年龄达到 18 岁以上的案例占据较高比例并不一定表示这些避难者就谎报了年龄。	The high proportion of cases judged to be over 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about their age.
五月份，该中心公布了 581 例测试结果，并称有 442 例“表明此受试者已年满 18 岁或以上”。	In May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 instances that "suggest the person examined is 18 years or older."
新闻报纸 Svenska Dagbladet 调查了此次公布的 581 例测试结果，发现其中 243 例受试者已公开表示他们今年会年满 18 岁。	When newspaper Svenska Dagbladet investigated the 581 results released however it found that in 243 of the cases the person had openly stated that they turn 18 this year.
对智齿进行 X 射线检查，对关节进行核磁共振扫描，然后由牙科医生和放射科医生分析结果，这种医疗评估方式也在部分地区受到质疑。	The method of medical age assessment, which consists of taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI scans of knee joints, then having dentists and radiologists analyse them, has also been criticised in some quarters.
其中一名怀疑者就是卡罗琳学院的内分泌学家克劳德·马库斯，其工作包括评估人们的生物成熟度以判定他们是否早于或晚于正常年龄经历青春期。	One sceptic is Karolinska Institute endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing the biological maturity of people to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.
他告诉新闻报纸 Metro：“我有理由这样想，而且我认为使用的测量方式不应该是这样的。	"I've had reason to think about this, and I don't think the type of measurement being used should be.
以这样的方式判定生理年龄很不准确。	Judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.
如果我们不能保证准确性，就不应该假装我们做得到。”	If we can't say it for sure we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told newspaper Metro.
然而法医学中心的葛兰森却为这些测试的准确性辩护：“大体上可以说判定一个孩子为成年人的不不确定风险很小。”	The Forensic Medicine Agency's Göransson defended the accuracy of the tests however: "In general you can say that the risk of inaccurately judging a child to be an adult is small.
最大的风险是此人刚好未满 18 岁，这种情况大约占 10%。	The biggest risk is if the person is just under 18, in which case it's around 10 percent."
西弗吉尼亚州州长宣布换党	West Virginia governor announces he's switching parties
周四晚，西弗吉尼亚州民主党州长吉姆·贾斯提斯 ( Jim Justice) 在特朗普总统的集会上宣布，他将更改党派。	The Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he's switching parties.
“喜欢也好，不喜欢也罢，民主党已经离我而去”，州长法官说道。	"Like it or not like it, the Democrats walked away from me," Gov. Justice said.
“今天，我在进行了很多的祈祷和大量的思考后，我要告诉你们......今天我要以西弗吉尼亚人的身份告诉你们，我再也不能以民主党州长的身份来帮助你们了。”	"Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots of thinking ... today I will tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democratic governor."
集会爆发出了欢呼声。	The rally erupted in cheers.
“所以，明天，我将会把党籍改成共和党”，贾斯提斯补充道。	"So tomorrow, I will be changing my registration to Republican," Justice added.
“作为一名教练，我要告诉是时候开始另一场比赛了。”	"As a coach, I would tell you it's time to run another play."
特朗普早些时候在西弗吉尼亚州的集会上承诺要作出重大宣布。	Mr. Trump promised earlier a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.
特朗普先生赢得了西弗吉尼亚州 42% 的得票率，，而贾斯提斯并没支持民主党候选人希拉里?克林顿。	Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
据《福布斯》报道，贾斯提斯在 2016 年被评选为该州唯一的亿万富翁。	Justice, who is the only billionaire in the state, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
《福布斯》指出，他继承了父亲的煤炭产业，在五个州均拥有煤矿。	Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states, having inherited a coal business from his father.
目前，他的身价大约为 15.9 亿美元。	He's worth about $1.59 billion.
与此同时，共和党全国委员会于周四晚间发表声明称：“贾斯提斯州长的换党是对民主党的又一次打击，这非但不会阻碍我们的国家变得再次伟大，反而会使我们的国家再次伟大。”	Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee released a statement Thursday night saying "Governor Justice's party switch is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather obstruct than work to make our country great again."
“民主党目前只有 15 个州长，并且控制州议会的数量创历史最低，贾斯提斯州长的声明是对这样一个从上到下丧失领导力、无法找到积极的统一口号的政党的最新拒绝 ”，共和党全国委员会女主席罗娜?麦克丹尼尔在向 CBS 新闻发表的声明中称。	"With only 15 governorships and control of the fewest state legislatures in history, Governor Justice's announcement is just the latest rejection of a party that is leaderless from top to bottom and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement to CBS News.
方文山坦言，用音乐来讲完整的故事，是自己的梦想。	Fang Wenshan said frankly that using music to tell an entire story is his dream.
一首歌四到五分钟，要完整讲述一个故事很困难。	A song lasts between four and five minutes, so telling an entire story would be very difficult.
我写歌的时候只有情绪，没有故事线，一直觉得很可惜。	When I write songs, I am assailed by emotion. There is no story line. I’ve always felt that that was a real pity.
塞巴斯蒂安·科称赞俄罗斯对于兴奋剂丑闻的“坦率”道歉	Coe praises 'candid' Russian apology for doping scandal
周四，国际田径联合会主席塞巴斯蒂安·科对俄罗斯就兴奋剂丑闻道歉表示赞赏，并称该道歉十分“坦诚”，但他重申现在亦不是俄罗斯重新参加这项运动的时刻。	Global athletics boss Sebastian Coe praised what he described as a candid apology from Russia over a doping scandal on Thursday but reiterated it was not the moment for the country to be readmitted to the sport.
俄罗斯田径联合会主席米特里·希拉克丁在世界田径锦标赛前夕举行的国际田联大会上表示，他的国家被禁止参加这项运动是正确的，他决心打击兴奋剂。	Russia's athletics boss Dmitry Shylakhtin told an IAAF Congress, held on the eve of the World Athletics Championships, that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
他表示他很遗憾“所有在比赛中获得金牌和银牌的运动员都被剥夺了奖牌。”	He said he was sorry to "all athletes who have had gold and silver medals snatched from them at competitions."
尽管他做出如此评论，国际田联大会仍投票赞成维持禁令。此前，世界反兴奋剂机构 (WADA) 的报告中提及发现了俄罗斯国家赞助使用兴奋剂的证据，禁令于 2015 年 11 月实施。	Despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted in favor of maintaining the ban, imposed in November 2015 after a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
“我认为今天的回应非常坦率，非常坦率的介绍，”国际田联主席科告诉记者。	"I thought it was a very candid response today, a very candid presentation," IAAF president Coe told reporters.
“整个理事会和田联大会都很高兴......俄罗斯联邦承认自己经历了一段非常焦灼的时期，并正在尽一切可能确保俄罗斯能够重新参加比赛。”	"The whole Council and the whole Congress was pleased ... that the Russian federation recognized themselves that they have been through some pretty torrid times and are doing everything possible to make sure the federation is reengineered."
科说，他也很“高兴”俄罗斯接受了重新参赛的标准。	Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.
“我认为这是非常有建设性的一天，也认为我们取得了一些进展，但田联大会支持专案小组的建议，现在还不是恢复俄罗斯参赛资格的时候，”科说。	"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress is being made, but the Congress supports the recommendations of the task force that this was not the moment to reinstate Russia," said Coe.
“我们需要在接下来的几个月里尽其所能使这一情况正常化。	"We need to do everything over the next few months to normalize this situation.
我们的指导原则一直是希望将清白的运动员从受污染的系统中分离出来，”他补充说。	The guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the tainted system," he added
十九名俄罗斯运动员符合国际田联的严格标准，将在周五伦敦举办的世界田径锦标赛中以中立选手的身份参加比赛。	Nineteen Russian athletes will be competing as neutrals at the World Athletics Championships which start in London on Friday, having met strict IAAF criteria.
国际田联专案小组负责人符恩·安德森周一表示，俄罗斯尚未达到恢复参赛的若干标准。	The head of the IAAF's Task Force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia had yet to meet several of the criteria for reinstatement.
他在伦敦向国际田联理事会发表演讲后告诉记者，药物检测做的仍然不足，被禁的教练也仍然在执教。	Drug-testing was still insufficient and banned coaches were still operating freely, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.
今天上午举行的《北京市控制吸烟条例》实施一周年宣传活动上，“我的控烟宣言”全国青年控烟微视频获奖的青年学生代表与全国控烟宣传形象大使黄轩互动，并且回顾了征集活动视频及获奖优秀作品展映。	At the promotional event for the first anniversary of the implementation of the “Regulations of Beijing Municipality on Smoking Control” held this morning, young student representatives of the video clip, “My Smoking Control Declaration”, which won the national youth smoking control video clip award, interacted with national smoking control ambassador Huang Xuan, and reviewed the video of the activities concerned with calling for entries for the contest, as well as the screening of the excellent award winning works.
法晚记者从活动上获悉，青年演员黄轩被聘为全国控烟宣传形象大使。	Reporters from The Mirror learned from the event that young actor Huang Xuan was engaged to become the national smoking control ambassador.
黄轩自曝大学时期曾抽烟，在充分认识烟雾危害后，成功戒烟，这次更主动承担了戒烟大使的职责，号召青少年远离烟草。	Huang Xuan said he used to smoke when he was in university. After having fully understood the dangers of smoke, he stopped smoking successfully. This time, he proactively assumed the duty of a quit-smoking ambassador, calling on youths to stay away from tobacco.
观众戴上面具，成为故事中幽灵一般的存在，这是《不眠之夜》最大的游戏规则。	Audiences put on masks, and exist like a spirit in the story. This is most critical rule of the game in “Sleep No More”.
人民民币中间价报6.4401贬值66基点 连续升势暂缓	The RMB middle price is registered at 6.4401, a depreciation of 66 basis points. The rising slows down.
宏观经济 腾讯财经2018-01-18 09:50分享	Macroeconomics Tencent Finance 2018-01-18 09:50
腾讯财经讯1月18日，人民币兑美元中间价报6.4401，上一交易日中间价贬值66个基点，结束了此前的五连涨。	Tencent Financial News on January 18, the USD-to-RMB middle prices is registered at 6.4401, a depreciation of 66 basis points compared with the last trading day, ending the rise spanning five consecutive days.
隔夜市场，美元回暖，美元指数走出V字形态，截至北京时间07：30报90.8900。	In the overnight market, the US dollar experienced a V-shaped rebounded, ending at 90.8900 as of 07:30, Beijing time.
美联储公布经济褐皮书显示，12个联储地区几乎都报告2018年初经济活动取得适度到温和的增长，对今年前景保持乐观。	The Beige Book published by Federal Reserve shows that almost all 12 Fed regions reported mild to moderate growth in economic activity in early 2018. The Federal Reserve remains optimistic about the outlook for this year.
同时，美国12月份失业率仍然保持在4.1%，为2000年以来最低，预计企业将未来几个月上涨工资。	Meanwhile, the U.S. unemployment rate remained at 4.1% in December, the lowest since 2000, and companies are expected to increase wages in the coming months.
美联储官员普遍认为税改是支持这个适度走强经济前景的一个因素，美联储预测2018年经济增长2.5%，加息3次。	Fed officials generally believe that tax reform is a factor supporting this modest strengthening of the economic outlook. The Fed predicts that the economy will increase by 2.5% in 2018 and the interest rate will be raised three times.
市场人士指出，近段时间，欧洲央行货币政策收紧预期推升欧元汇率，美元指数连续下滑，人民币对美元汇率相应出现一波快速拉升行情，不过目前看，欧洲央行不太可能很快调整政策立场，外汇市场短期波动后终究要向基本面回归，人民币汇率继续平稳运行是大概率事件。	Some market observers have point out that the expected tightening of ECB’s monetary policy pushes up the exchange rate of the Euro in recent days. As a result, the US dollar index declines continuously, and the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar has seen a surge in prices. However, the European Central Bank is unlikely to adjust the policy stance soon. After the short-term fluctuation of the foreign exchange market, the exchange rates will eventually return to a level dictated by the fundamentals, and the continued smooth operation of the RMB exchange rate is a high probability event.
值得注意的是，随着市场对人民币预期更趋平稳，人民币资产对境外投资者的吸引力也逐渐凸显。	It is worth noting that, as the market expects a more stable renminbi, the attractiveness of renminbi assets to foreign investors will also gradually increase.
中国人民银行授权中国外汇交易中心公布，2018年1月18日银行间外汇市场人民币汇率中间价为：1美元对人民币6.4401元，1欧元对人民币7.8482元，100日元对人民币5.7854元，1港元对人民币0.82399元，1英镑对人民币8.9017元，1澳大利亚元对人民币5.1302元，1新西兰元对人民币4.6779元，1新加坡元对人民币4.8546元，1瑞士法郎对人民币6.6731元，1加拿大元对人民币5.1747元，人民币1元对0.61399马来西亚林吉特，人民币1元对8.8352俄罗斯卢布，人民币1元对1.9128南非兰特，人民币1元对165.95韩元，人民币1元对0.57030阿联酋迪拉姆，人民币1元对0.58233沙特里亚尔，人民币1元对39.3106匈牙利福林，人民币1元对0.53093波兰兹罗提，人民币1元对0.9487丹麦克朗，人民币1元对1.2501瑞典克朗，人民币1元对1.2240挪威克朗，人民币1元对0.59303土耳其里拉，人民币1元对2.9071墨西哥比索。	The People’s Bank of China has authorized the China Foreign Exchange Trade System to release the interbank foreign exchange market central parity rates of the RMB: USD1 to RMB6.4401, EUR1 to RMB7.8482, JPY100 to RMB5.7854, HKD1 to RMB0.82399, GBP1 to RMB8.9017, AUD1 to RMB5.1302, NZD1 to RMB4.6779, SGD 1 to RMB4.8546, CHF1 to RMB6.6731, CAD1 to RMB5.1747, RMB1 to MYR 0.61399, RMB1 to RUB8.8352, RMB1 to ZAR1.9128, RMB1 to KRW165.95, RMB1 to AED0.57030, RMB1 to SAR0.58233, RMB1 to HUF39.3106, RMB1 to PLN0.53093, RMB1 to DKK0.9487, RMB1 to SEK1.2501, RMB1 to NOK1.2240, RMB1 to TRY0.59303, RMB1 to MXN2.9071.
今日（3月10日）上午7时50分，河南省新乡县一处化工厂发生爆炸，现场升腾起滚滚黑烟。	At 7.50 am today (March 10), a chemical plant in Xinxiang County, Henan Province, exploded, with black smoke billowing at the scene.
新京报记者从新乡县委宣传部获悉，爆炸共致1人受伤。	The Beijing News reporter learned from the Xinxiang County Party Committee Propaganda Department that one person was injured in the explosion.
当地网友发布的视频显示，爆炸现场浓烟滚滚，并伴有响声。	The videos released by local netizens showed that thick smoke was billowing at the scene of the explosion, accompanied by noise.
有网友称，事发今日上午，爆炸地点是位于河南省新乡县小冀镇的一处化工厂。	Some netizens claimed that the explosion occurred this morning, and that it occurred at a chemical plant in Xiaoji Town, Xinxiang County, Henan Province.
新京报记者了解到，事发化工厂为河南省新乡六通实业有限公司。	The Beijing News reporter learned that the chemical plant which exploded was Henan Xinxiang Liutong Industrial Co., Ltd.
公开资料显示，上述企业成立于2002年2月，经营范围中包括化工产品制造。	Public information revealed that the aforesaid enterprise was incorporated in Feburayr 2002, and its scope of business included the manufacture of chemicals.
今日下午，新乡县委宣传部对此回应称，爆炸发生在上午7点50分，目前火情已得到有效控制，有1人受轻伤。事发原因正在调查中。	This afternoon, Xinxiang County Party Committee Propaganda Department responded to the incident. The explosion occurred at 7.50am. The fire is now effectively under control. One person was slightly injured. The cause of the explosion is still under investigation.
新京报记者注意到，早在2015年，涉事化工厂就因违规排污，被包括河南电视台在内的媒体曝光。	A Beijing News reporter noticed that in 2015, the chemical plant in question was exposed by the media including Henan TV Station for contamination in violation of the law.
当日原作《家族之苦》导演，85岁高龄的山田洋次不辞辛劳飞临北京，亲临片场探班。	That day, 85-year-old Yoji Yamada, the original director of “What a Wonderful Family!” flew to Beijing to visit the set personally.
证监会2017年2月10日发布消息称，当日按照法定程序核准了12家企业的首发申请，并要求上述企业及其承销商将分别与沪深交易所协商确定发行日程，并陆续刊登招股文件。	News published by the CSRC on February 10, 2017 stated that the IPO applications of 12 enterprises were approved according to statutory procedures. The aforementioned enterprises and their respective underwriters were requested to confirm the timing of the issuance with the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges separately, as well as to publish their listing prospectuses.
北京商报记者发现，瞄准深交所中小板的广东尚品宅配家居股份有限公司(以下简称尚品宅配)位列其中。	Beijing Business Today reporters found Guangzhou Shangpin Home Collection Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Shangpin Home Collection), which was targeted for a listing on the Small and Medium Enterprise Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, to be among the 12.
根据尚品宅配最新公布的招股书，该公司成立于2004年，注册地为广州市，主要从事全屋板式家具个性化定制生产、销售及配套家居产品的销售，并向家居行业企业提供设计软件及信息化整体解决方案的设计、研发和技术服务。	According to the latest published prospectus of Shangpin Home Collection, the company, incorporated in 2004, is registered in Guangzhou, and is primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of personalized and customized panel furniture for an entire home. It also provides design software, designs and research and development of a full range of informatization solutions, as well as technical services to enterprises in the home furnishing industry.
12月26日，记者从市环保局了解到，2012年六安市共成功申报国家和省各类环保项目98个，争取环保专项资金共计14526万元。	On December 26, reporters learned from the municipal environmental protection bureau that Lu’an City successfully declared a total of 98 national and provincial environmental protection projects of various categories, and received special environmental protection funds worth a total of RMB145.26 million.
其中，国家级环保项目55个，争取国家环保专项资金13246万元；省级环保项目43个，争取省级环保专项资金1280万元。	In particular, 55 were national-level environmental protection projects, for which special national environmental protection funds of RMB132.46 million were received; 43 were provincial-level environmental protection projects for which special provincial environmental funds of RMB12.8 million were received.
据了解，项目建设涉及到区域水环境综合治理(包括瓦埠湖生态环境保护)、饮用水源地环境保护、农村环境综合整治、规模化畜禽养殖污染防治、工业企业污染治理以及生态市建设示范等多个方面。	It is understood that the projects built involved many areas including comprehensive treatment of regional water environment (including protecting the ecological environment of Wabu Lake), environmental protection of drinking water sources, comprehensive remediation of rural environment, prevention and control of pollution at large-scale livestock and poultry farms, pollution treatment of industrial enterprises, and demonstrations of construction of ecological cities.
项目实施后，对促进六安市区域科学发展，实现湖泊休养生息，加快流域水环境质量改善，保障饮用水安全，推进节能减排具有积极作用。	The projects, upon implementation, had a positive effect on advancing Lu’an City’s regional scientific development, achieving rehabilitation for lakes, accelerating improvement in the water environment of drainage basins, ensuring safety in drinking water, and advancing energy saving and emission reduction.
今天，浙江省桐庐县等4个为美丽中国作出贡献的群体荣获第八届中华环境奖。	Today, four groups including Tonglu County, Zhejiang Province, which contributed to Beautiful China won the 8th China Environmental Award.
设立于2000年的中华环境奖是我国环境保护领域的最高奖项，由多个中央部门组成评选委员会。	Established in 2000, the China Environmental Award is the most prestigious award in the field of environmental protection in China. The judging panel is made up of many Central government departments.
评选委员会负责人、中华环保基金会秘书长李伟说，我国正面临着前几十年重GDP、轻环保发展模式遗留下来的生态问题。	Li Wei, head of the judging panel and Secretary-General of China Environmental Protection Foundation said that China is now confronted with legacy ecological issues from a growth model that was GDP-heavy and environmental protection-light for a few decades.
本届中华环境奖的评选，旨在表彰那些为改善环境民生作出贡献的单位及个人，以体现对民意的尊重。	The selection of the current China Environmental Award was aimed at honoring entities and individuals that have contributed to improving the environment and people’s livelihoods so as to reflect popular will.
在评选委员会看来，以生态立县为本的浙江省桐庐县当获此殊荣。	As far as the judging panel was concerned, Tonglu County in Zhejiang Province which was founded on the basis of ecology should win this honor.
根据大众的投票，Facebook CEO马克·扎克伯格（Mark Zuckerberg）自制家用人工智能助理Jarvis将使用美国影星摩根·弗里曼（Morgan Freeman）的声音。	According to popular vote, the voice of US actor Morgan Freeman will be used for Jarvis, the domestic AI helper Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg built himself.
这套系统在扎克伯格家中运行，它的名字与电影《钢铁侠》中托尼·史塔克（Tony Stark）的人工智能助手相同。	This system operates in the Zuckerberg home, and its name is similar to Tony Stark’s AI helper in the movie “Iron Man”.
湖北警方跨国端掉4个电信诈骗团伙串并31个省市县500余起案件涉案金额7000余万元	Hubei police smashed four cross-border telecommunication fraud syndicates in connection with more than 500 cases in 31 provinces, cities and counties involving more than RMB70 million
本报记者蔡长春《法制日报》记者今天从公安部了解到，由公安部指挥、湖北襄阳警方赴马来西亚，在马来西亚警察总署配合下破获的跨国系列电信网络诈骗案，是一起比较有代表性的台湾系电信网络诈骗案件。	Staff reporter Cai Changchun. “Legal Daily” learned from the Ministry of Public Security today that a series of cross-border telecommunication network scams was uncovered in an action under the command of the Ministry of Public Security entailing the police from Xiangyang, Hubei going to Malaysia, and with the cooperation of the Royal Malaysian Police. It was a fairly typical Taiwanese telecommunication network scam.
足球界财务规则对内马尔 (Neymar) 转会巴黎有何影响？	How soccer's financial rules impact Neymar's move to Paris
旨在防止欧洲豪门足球俱乐部不受限制支出的规则并不会阻碍内马尔以创记录的价格从西班牙的巴塞罗那俱乐部转会到法国的巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部 (PSG) 。	Rules aimed at preventing unfettered spending by European soccer clubs will not disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Spain's Barcelona to France's Paris-Saint Germain.
由此造成的后果则是欧洲足球协会联盟 (UEFA) 对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部实行进一步降级。欧洲足球协会联盟是欧洲足球比赛的管理机构，有权禁止各球队参加广受关注的欧冠联赛。	Any consequences will come further down the line for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, the governing body overseeing the European game which has the power to ban teams from the prestigious Champions League tournament.
2011 年欧足联推出的《金融公平竞赛规则》 (FFP) 意味着巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部最终必须证明内马尔的转会获得资金资助而不会造成巨额亏损。	Financial Fair Play rules launched by UEFA in 2011 mean that PSG will eventually have to show that Neymar's transfer was funded without incurring huge losses.
巴塞罗那俱乐部已经支付了 2.22 亿欧元（2.62 亿美元），仅仅是为了支付该名巴西球员的解约费用，而内马尔的薪水每年将高达数千万美元。	Barcelona has been paid 222 million euros ($262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will command a salary that will run to tens of millions of dollars a year.
以下是内马尔转会至法国所产生的一些财务影响。	Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
考虑到该球队的资金来自财大气粗的卡塔尔统治家族，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部当然可以用现金签约内马尔，并将他纳入到其他明星云集的战队。	PSG can certainly stump up the cash to sign Neymar and add him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
俱乐部可以花巨资购买球员，但他们必须利用合法的收入来源来弥补所花巨资，使他们在足球的相关业务上实现盈亏平衡。	Clubs are allowed to spend heavily on acquiring players but they have to counterbalance that with legitimate sources of income, allowing them to approach break-even on their football-related business.
《金融公平竞赛规则》是由米歇尔?普拉蒂尼 (Michel Platini) 在 2007 年当选为欧足联主席后提出的构想。	FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA president in 2007.
这位前法国球员认为，对于那些为追求成功而债台高筑的俱乐部而言，如果银行或所有人撤回支持资金，他们实际上是在欺骗，置俱乐部于毁灭的风险。	The former France player believed that clubs who ran up huge debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.
2011 年，《规则》的关注点从俱乐部债务问题转向俱乐部的损失状况监测。	In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on clubs' debts to monitoring their losses instead.
这一变化意味着，罗马?阿布拉莫维奇 (Roman Abramovich) 在 2003 年收购切尔西俱乐部时使用的商业模式，即购买一家有潜力的俱乐部，然后花巨资改善球队并将其建立一个全球品牌，现在面临更苛刻的处境。	The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich initially used at Chelsea in 2003 - buy a club with potential, and then spend heavily to improve the squad and build a global brand - become a tougher proposition.
在截至 2018 的三年《规则》评估期中，俱乐部可能会损失 3000 万欧元。	During the current three-year FFP assessment period that runs through 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.
尽管阿布在 2015 年被时任主席所贬损，但欧足联继任者亚历山大?赛福瑞 (Aleksander Ceferin) 仍然致力于阻止过度开支。	And despite Platini being ousted in disgrace from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin is still committed to deterring excessive spending.
“当然《规则》还没有失效，我们肯定会加强未来的法规 ”，欧足联负责《规则》相关事务的安德鲁?特拉韦尔索 (Andrea Traverso) 上周告诉美联社。	"Certainly FFP is not dead and we will, for sure, reinforce the rules going forward," Andrea Traverso, who oversees FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.
虽然巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部将一次性付清内马尔的买断条款，但它也可以在合同期限内根据会计目的进行金额分配。	Although PSG will have paid Neymar's buyout clause in one lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the length of his contract.
内马尔已经签署了一项为期五年的协议，所以转会费在未来五年的年度账户中可能会显示为 4440 万欧元的费用。	Neymar has signed a five-year deal, so the transfer fee could be shown as a 44.4 million-euro cost in the annual accounts for the next five years.
2014 年实施的第一波《规则》制裁使巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部，以及阿布扎比旗下的曼彻斯特城俱乐部受到了最严厉的制裁。	The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 saw PSG, along with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City, hit with the heaviest sanctions.
巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部被判罚款 6000 万欧元 (按当时汇率计为 8200 万美元) , 后来减少到 2000 万欧元，并要求在 2014-15 赛季的冠军联赛该球队减少球员到 21 名，而不是正常的 25 名球员。	PSG was handed a fine of 60 million euros (then $82 million) - that was later reduced to 20 million euros - and ordered to limit its Champions League squads to 21 players for the 2014-15 season instead of the normal 25.
欧足联正虎视眈眈盯着那些试图通过与俱乐部所有者挂钩来增加收入,欺瞒金融监管机构的俱乐部。	UEFA is on the lookout for clubs who might try to outwit its financial regulators by inflating their income through companies linked to a club's owners.
虽然卡塔尔的公司可以赞助巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部，但如果赞助金额被认为超过标准市场价格，那么欧足联不会将其视为合法收入。	While a Qatari company could sponsor PSG, if the value of the sponsorship was deemed to exceed standard market rates UEFA would not allow it to count as legitimate income.
这是 2014 年发生的事情，欧足联当时裁定卡塔尔旅游局赞助巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部的金额被夸大了。	That is what happened in 2014 when UEFA ruled that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority sponsorship of PSG was inflated.
据报道，内马尔在巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部收入的一部分可能来自 2022 年卡塔尔世界杯组委会的付款。	It has been reported that part of Neymar's PSG earnings could come via payments from the 2022 World Cup organizing committee in Qatar.
但是，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部和该组委会均否认内马尔将担任世界杯大使，而对欧足联的监管机构来说，作出这样的举措是很容易的。	But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become a World Cup ambassador and such a maneuver would be easy for UEFA's regulators to expose.
近期对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部实施的制裁意味着，欧足联将更加警惕任何绕开规则的企图。	Past sanctions slapped on PSG means that UEFA will be even more watchful of any attempt to circumvent the rules.
周四知情人士称，欧足联并未与巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部就内马尔的转会事宜进行预先讨论。	UEFA has not been in pre-emptive discussions with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said Thursday.
上述人士均仅以不具名的身份与美联社进行接触，因为他们未获授权讨论巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部的状况。	They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to discuss the PSG situation.
上次公布的账目显示，巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部在 2015-16 年度的营业收入为 5.424 亿欧元，盈利超过 1000 万欧元。	The last published accounts show that PSG made a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015-16 on a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
上一会计年度的账目尚未公布。	Accounts for the last financial year are yet to be published.
巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部预计内马尔的加盟将为赞助活动，特许经营和球衣销售带来福音。	PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon for sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
该俱乐部预计签署内马尔后营收额将增长至少 30％。	The club expects turnover would grow by at least 30 percent on the back of the signing.
很显然，看到其中名气最大的球员离开，西班牙联盟深感愤怒，试图阻碍内马尔的该举动，并声称巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部违反《规则》。	Clearly irritated to see one of soccer's biggest players leaving, the Spanish league tried to stymie Neymar's move, claiming that PSG will be breaching FFP.
西甲联赛主席哈维尔?特巴斯告诉西班牙报纸AS称，“这是一起'金融兴奋剂'的明显例证,俱乐部和国家都是一样的”，指的是对巴黎圣日尔曼足球俱乐部拥有最终所有权的卡塔尔。	"It is a clear case of 'financial doping', with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told Spanish newspaper AS, referring to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
阿森纳球队（该俱乐部的所有人为美国体育大亨）主教练阿尔塞纳?温格 (Arsene Wenger) ，对国家资助俱乐部的态度与西甲联赛均持保留意见。	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state funding a club.
“这是所有权带来的后果，而这彻底改变了过去 15 年足球的整个生态 ”，温格周四表示。	"It is the consequence of the ownerships and that has completely changed the whole landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said Thursday.
“一旦国家拥有俱乐部，那么什么事情都会发生。	"Once a country owns a club, everything is possible.
这将会使遵守《规则》变得非常困难，因为对于一个国家而言，有许多不同的方式或各种利益来要求大牌的球员代表一个国家。”	It becomes very difficult to respect the Financial Fair Play because you can have different ways or different interests for a country to have such a big player to represent a country."
智能交互机器人研发商Rokid获新投资 淡马锡领投	Smart interactive robot developer Rokid received new investment; Temasek is the lead investor
近年来，人工智能领域的初创公司持续受到资本热捧。	In recent years, start-ups in the AI sector have continued to be a hot favorite of capital.
人工智能Rokid即于近日完成新一轮融资，由淡马锡领投，瑞士信贷、CDIB（台湾中华开发金融控股公司旗下投资机构）、老股东IDG资本等机构跟投。	AI Rokid recently completed a round of funding, led by Temasek. Other investors included Credit Suisse, CDIB (the investment arm of China Development Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.), and existing shareholder IDG Capital.
据悉，本轮融资规模约为1亿美元，瑞信和CDIB首次在国内人工智能领域的融资交易中出现。	It is understood that the size of this round of funding was approximately US$100 million. Both Credit Suisse and CDIB were first time investors in China’s domestic AI industry.
Rokid是一家智能交互机器人研发商,致力于机器人领域研究，产品可操控家中智能设备，具有能持续自主学习和成长功能，还具备识别、听懂、反馈等功能。	Rokid is a developer of smart interactive robots, and is committed to robotics research. It products can control smart devices in the home, and has continuous autonomous learning and growth functions. It also features recognition, comprehension and feedback functions.
本轮融资将主要用于研发、人才引进、战略推动及产业链的投资布局。	Proceeds from this round of funding will be used for R&D, talent recruitment, strategic push and industry chain investment layout.
此前，Rokid曾于2014年8月，获得IDG、线性资本、Mfund、元璟资本830万美元天使轮投资。;2015年10月，公司又获得华登国际领投、天使投资方跟投的千万美元A轮投资;2016年11月1日，Rokid完成由尚珹资本领投，IDG、Mfund、元璟资本、华登国际等机构跟投的B轮融资。	Rokid previously raised US$8.3 million in August 2014 in the Angel Round from IDG, Linear Venture, Mfund and Vision Capital. In October 2014, the company again received at least US$10 million in Series A funding led by Walden International, with the Angel investors as participants. On November 1, 2016, Rokid completed Series B funding, led by Advantech Capital; other investors included IDG, Mfund, Vision Capital and Walden International.
当时Rokid称，B轮融资后公司估值已达到4.5亿美元。	At the time, Rokid claimed that after the Series B funding, the company’s valuation would reach US$450 million.
2017年5月，Rokid发布了消费级智能语音机器人“若琪·月石”，将人工智能和家庭场景结合起来，售价为1399元。	In May 2017, Rokid unveiled its consumer class smart voice robot “Rokid - Pebble”, integrating AI and the home, priced at RMB1,399.
该款机器人使用语音合成、自然语言理解、语音识别技术和麦克风阵列技术，具有聊天对话、播放音乐、智能家居功能。	This robot uses speech synthesis, natural language understanding, speech recognition technology and microphone array technology, with conversational, music broadcast and smart home features.
曾获得国际消费电子产品展（CES）Tech For A Better World及Home Audio/Video Components And Accessories两项大奖，以及有设计界奥斯卡之称的德国IF设计奖。	It has won two major CES awards - Tech For A Better World and Home Audio/Video Components And Accessories, as well as Germany’s iF Design Award, known as the Oscars of the design world.
在刚刚闭幕的2018CES上，Rokid又发布了一款新产品：消费级增强现实AR眼镜RokidGlass。	At the 2018 CES which had just ended, Rokid unveiled another new product: the consumer class augmented reality AR glasses RokidGlass.
该款眼镜将作为独立头显使用，即无需连接智能手机或外部电脑,预计将在2018年实现商业化。	These glasses are used as independent head displays, and do not require connections to smartphones or external computers. It is expected to be commercialized in 2018.
此前，公司已发布第一代产品家庭机器人RokidAlien和第二代产品智能音箱RokidPebble。	Previously, the company had already released its first generation home robot, RokidAlien and second generation product, smart voice box RokidPebble.
今年恰逢鲁迅诞辰135周年、逝世80周年，用编剧俞志清的话讲：“因为热爱鲁迅，所以才有了创作的冲动。”	This is the 135th anniversary Lu Xun’s birth and 80th anniversary of his death. In the words of scriptwriter Zhou Zhiqing, “I love Lu Xun. That’s why I have creative impulse.”
据苹果公司透露，从今年2月28日起，中国内地的iCloud服务将转由云上贵州公司负责运营。	Apple revealed that with effect from February 28, Guizhou-Cloud will be the new operator of iCloud services in Mainland China.
苹果公司表示，“与云上贵州的合作将使我们得以继续提高iCloud服务的速度以及可靠性，同时也符合中国的云服务须由本地企业运营的新规。”	Apple said that “the partnership with Guizhou-Cloud will allow us improve the speed and reliability of our iCloud services products while also complying with newly passed regulations that cloud services be operated by Chinese companies.”
停用期间，用户此前储存在iCloud的数据资料还将保存在iCloud里，不会丢失。	During the period of deactivation, data and information previously stored in iCloud by users will still remain in iCloud, and will not be lost.
如果停用后用户希望在2月28日后使用iCloud服务，则需要先接受新的条款和条件，以确保账户被重新激活并迁至云上贵州。	If users wish to use iCloud services after February 28 after deactivation, they must first accept the new terms and conditions to ensure that their accounts are reactivated and transferred to Guizhou-Cloud.
同时，苹果公司在声明中也强调，“Apple拥有强大的数据隐私和安全保护机制，并且不会在我们的任何系统中创建后门。”	Meanwhile, Apple emphasized in its statement that, “Apple has a strong data privacy and security mechanism and will not create a backdoor in any of our systems.”
iCloud贵安新区主数据中心也将是是苹果公司在中国设立的第一个数据中心项目，项目落成后，将用于存储中国苹果用户的数据。	iCloud’s main data center at Gui-An New Area will be the first data center Apple has set up in China. On completion, it will be used to store the data of Apple users in China.
建成和投入使用时候，中国用户在上传和下载数据，就无需在跨越中美之间的长距离来回传输，提高速度，减少延迟。	When completed and commissioned, Chinese users will be able upload and download data without having to undergo long-distance transmission between China and the US. Speed will be enhanced and delays reduced.
这十部音乐IP作品，方文山会自己执导一到两部，当周董被问到是否会帮忙执导时，周杰伦坦言当导演压力太大，希望找一些年轻的导演，让他们有发挥的空间。	Fang Wenshan will direct one to two of these 10 musical IP works. When Jay Chou was asked whether he would help with the directing, he said frankly that there is too much pressure in being a director. He hoped to find a few young directors to allow them room to play their part.
在2011年加入Twitter之前，梅辛格曾担任甲骨文的开发副总裁。	Prior to joining Twitter in 2011, Messinger was Vice President of development at Oracle.
该公司正在加紧生产首款面向大众市场的长距离电动车Model 3，并计划在2017年底推出。	The company is stepping up production of its first long-distance electric vehicle Model 3 targeted at the mass market, and plans to launch it by the end of 2017.
3D合家欢动画电影《豆福传》25日在武汉举行首映礼，《豆福传》导演邹燚，《豆福传》动画导演蒙智慧，影片配乐制作人、艾美奖得主TomDisher悉数亮相，现场分享电影创作的幕后故事。	“Tofu”, a 3D animated feature film designed for a general audience held its premiere in Wuhan on the 25th. Zou Yi, Director of “Tofu”, Meng Zhihui, Animation Director of “Tofu”, as well as Tom Disher, film soundtrack composer and Emmy Award winner were present to share their behind-the-scenes story of the film’s creation.
《豆福传》取材于中国传统文化中汉代淮南王刘安的故事，脱胎于“刘安做豆腐，因错而成”的传统典故，讲述了主人公“豆福”由一颗豆子幻化成人形，克服重重困难，坚持修仙梦想的故事。这部萌物修仙动画电影与湖北的地方文化渊源颇深。	“Tofu” is based on a traditional allusion concerning Liu An, Prince of Huainan in the Han Dynasty - “Liu An made a mistake and invented tofu”. It is an account of “Dou Fu”, the leading character, a bean who miraculously took on human form, how he overcame numerous difficulties and persevered in his dream to become an immortal. This adorable animated film about becoming an immortal is closely connected with Hubei’s local culture.
湖北十堰市境内的武当山，是联合国公布的世界文化遗产地之一，也是道家文化和武当武术的发源地，被称为“亘古无双胜境，天下第一仙山”。	Wudang Mountains, located in Shiyan, Hubei Province, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, as well as the place of origin of Toaist culture and Wudang martial arts. It is known as “a unique scenic spot since ancient times, and the premier celestial mountain in the world”.
导演邹燚透露，在影片创作前期，他曾与主创团队前往武当山采风。	Director Zou Yi revealed that he and his creative team traveled to Wudang Mountains to conduct research for the film prior to its creation.
他表示，《豆福传》的故事便发生在西汉武帝年间，淮南王刘安炼丹修仙的背景下，影片主人公“豆福”便是一颗在刘安炼丹时意外幻化成人形的豆子。	He said that the story of “Tofu” occurred during the reign of Emperor Wu of Western Han Dynasty, against the backdrop of Liu An, Prince of Huainan, making pills to attain immortality. The leading character “Dou Fu” was a bean that miraculously took on human form by accident while Liu An was making these pills.
除了作为道家文化发源地的武当山，湖北还与中国历史悠久的传统乐器——编钟有着很深的渊源。	In addition to Wudang Mountains, the place of origin of Toaist culture, Hubei Province is also closely connected with the chime - a traditional musical instrument with long history in China.
在近期召开的一次国际会议上，专家预计，在25年内具备人工智能的机器人将走进人们的卧室，为人类提供各种服务。	In a recent international conference, experts forecast that robots with AI will enter people's bedrooms in 25 years, and provide various services for humans.
通过研究，科学家们发现记忆有一个最大的特点，就是其不准确性。	Through research, scientists have discovered that one of the most significant characteristics of memory is its inaccuracy.
创作于1934年的《雷雨》是曹禺的第一部作品，是中国现代话剧成熟的标志，也是被翻译成各国语言文字最多的中国话剧。	Written in 1934, “Thunderstorm” is Cao Yu’s first work, and the sophisticated hallmark of modern Chinese play. It is also the most translated Chinese play.
怀旧感染力风靡市场——《哈啦夏令营》和《侦探双雄》	Nostalgia Goes Niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
复述这一故事是为了怀念演员们 80 年代的风光岁月以及 90 年代的垃圾时代（大卫·韦恩和迈克尔·修华特为 MTV 制作素描喜剧《国家》前后）；同时也是对怀旧本身的怀念，对 2001 年的怀念；这一年之前，诸如伊丽莎白·班克斯、艾米·波勒和保罗·路德等众多明星尚未风生水起。	So this iteration of the story is simultaneously nostalgic for the characters' '80s glory days; for the '90s grunge era (around when the masterminds David Wain and Michael Showalter made the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV); and for itself - that is, for 2001, before its stars, like Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, went on to bigger things.
作为一种文化艺术品，它是我们脸书时代永久回忆的模仿和体现。	As a cultural artifact, it's both a sendup and embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent reminiscence.
但作为一个系列，这感觉就像时间不够用了。	But as a franchise, it feels like it's running out of time.
《营地第一天》播出后反响强烈，但这不仅仅因为它的荒诞幽默（剧情是关于一只会说话的蔬菜罐头的原创故事，由 H·乔恩·本杰明配音）。	"First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, not just because of its absurdist humor (it included an origin story for a talking can of vegetables, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).
剧情中加倍运用核心笑梗 - 中年演员扮演正值捣蛋年纪的孩子 - 这使得无法重新回到过去也成为了搞笑的一部分。	By doubling down on the core gag - middle-age actors playing horny kids coming of age - it made the impossibility of recapturing the past part of the joke.
《十年后》中，成年人实实在在的扮演成年人，情绪便没有太根深蒂固，模仿也更加散漫，其中包括对 90 年代跟踪电影的即兴创作，如《推动摇篮的手》。	"Ten Years Later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody more scattershot, including a riff on '90s stalker flicks like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle."
某个时刻，一个角色陷于一台苹果笔记本、一些直线溜冰鞋和“一些 1991 年的其他东西”当中。	At one point a character rummages through an Apple Powerbook, some in-line skates and "a bunch of other things from 1991."
许多核心故事都是一样的。	Many of the core stories are the same.
甜心先生（修华特先生饰）现在已经成为了小说家，但他仍然没有忘记凯蒂（玛格丽特·莫罗饰）。	Sweet-hearted Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't gotten over Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
维克多（肯·马里诺饰）仍然保有处男之身。	Victor (Ken Marino) still hasn't lost his virginity.
剧中还有另一个涉及罗纳德·里根（也是由修华特先生扮演）的险恶阴谋，由乔治·H·W·布什（迈克尔·伊恩·布莱克饰，给人留下深刻印象）唆使。	And there's another battily villainous plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now abetted by George H. W. Bush (a well-inhabited impression by Michael Ian Black).
一如既往，这一系列最好的部分是插话。	As always, the best part of the franchise is the digressions.
看到这位永远年轻的路德先生尤其有趣，他在电影《单身贵族》中炫耀了马特·狄龙的灵魂补丁，之前的《校园巨人》中的安迪现在感觉就像一个巨人。	It's especially fun to see the forever-young Mr. Rudd, sporting Matt Dillon's soul patch from "Singles," whose former big-man-on-camp Andy now feels like a geezer.
这是随机疯狂的时刻，可能会为这一电影提供动力，犹如递归的《人生七年》系列，直至得出我认为合乎逻辑的结论：《哈啦夏令营：二十年后》，它的最后一幕是让这帮卡司去看《哈啦夏令营》的电影首映式。	It's the moments of random lunacy that might power this franchise on, like a kind of recursive "Seven Up!" series, until it reaches what I assume will be its logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American Summer: Twenty Years Later," whose last scene will have the gang going to see the movie premiere of "Wet Hot American Summer."
与此同时，亚马逊的《侦探双雄》诉说了不同的怀旧内容：冷战复兴主义的《美国谍梦》，电影《极寒之城》，甚至是东西方摔跤意象的《GLOW：华丽女子摔跤联盟》。	"Comrade Detective" on Amazon, meanwhile, appeals to a different brand of nostalgia: the Cold War revivalism of "The Americans," the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW," with its East versus West wrestling iconography.
这部由布莱恩·盖特伍德和亚历山德罗·田中创作的喜剧，被导演里斯·托马斯推上了电视屏幕：这是一部难兄难弟喜剧片，剧情背景设置在 80 年代的罗马尼亚，讲述两名布加勒斯特官员为了真理、无神论和马克思列宁主义路线而奋斗的故事。	The comedy, created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka, with Rhys Thomas directing, purports to be found TV: a Romanian 1980s buddy-cop drama about two Bucharest officers fighting for truth, atheism and the Marxist-Leninist way.
主要角色 - 硬派的格里戈尔和理想主义的艾瑟夫 - 分别由小弗洛林·皮尔斯齐和科尔内留·乌利奇扮演，其对话由查宁·塔图姆（也是执行制片人）和约瑟夫·戈登-莱维特用英语配音。	The lead roles - hard-boiled Gregor and idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, their dialogue dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
这是一个绝妙的主意。	It's a brilliant idea.
但这不仅仅是一个想法。	But it's not much more than an idea.
其中有一些很好的视觉噱头（警察看电视里下象棋打发时间，因为美国人喜欢踢足球）。	There are some fine sight gags (the police pass the time watching chess on TV as Americans might football).
而且有众多名人配音演员 - 其中包括珍妮·斯蕾特、尼克·奥弗曼、马赫莎拉哈什巴兹·阿里和科洛·塞维尼 - 打造了一场精彩的声音盛会。	And the roster of famous voice-over actors - among them Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of spot-the-voice.
但是，《侦探双雄》如此致力于打造一部喧嚣逼真的宣传喜剧 - 剧中有一名头戴里根面具的杀手 - 而它通常也扮演这样的角色。	But "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the verisimilitude of a hamfisted propaganda drama - a killer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.
这部六集长的电视稍显拖拉，且喜剧效果释放的不够快速或频繁。	At six long episodes, it drags, and the comedy isn't fast or frequent enough.
《侦探双雄》片长编辑地更为严格，在格雷戈尔和艾瑟夫反复访问美国大使馆时，呈现出了更好的煽动讽刺效果，因为大使馆的大堂里总是有两个胖子狼吞虎咽掉一堆汉堡。	Edited to a tighter length, "Comrade Detective" might deliver better on its agitprop satire, as when Gregor and Iosef repeatedly visit the American Embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men wolfing down a pile of hamburgers.
对于想象中的共产主义观众来说，这个信息意味着西方文化可以把任何东西变成素材来狂欢。	The message, for the imagined communist audience, is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder to binge.
这一罗马尼亚题材虚构故事的创作者并没有错，我们甚至也会用自己近代的历史和他们的历史来讲故事。	The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: We even do it with our own recent history, and theirs.
记者近日采访了解到，东北地区钢铁、轨道交通、船舶、机械制造等行业效益普遍下滑，甚至出现亏损。	Reporters learned from recent interviews that the performance of the steel, rail transport, shipping vessel, machinery manufacture and other industries has fallen in general; some have even incurred losses.
一些专家认为，当前形势下，东北工业新一轮振兴不仅关系到全国本轮经济复苏，还将对我国制造业长远发展和国际竞争力产生影响，因此亟待调整转型。	Some experts believed that under the present circumstances, a new round of revitalization of the industries in Northeast China will not only concern the nation’s current economic recovery, it will also have an impact on the long-term growth and international competitiveness of China's manufacturing sector. Hence, there is an urgent call for adjustments and structural transformation to take place.
企业效益普遍下滑传统行业更现亏损原材料工业和重型机械设备制造业效益严重下滑甚至出现亏损，是本轮经济低迷中东北工业的首要表现。	Traditional industries saw a general decline in performance, and even incurred losses. The raw material industry, and the heavy machinery and equipment manufacturing sector saw performance decline significantly, and even incurred losses. These were the first signs from the industries in Northeast China amid the current sluggish economy.
以往在经济下行中，主要是低端、初级产品受冲击大的特点，但此次经济波动中，东北传统工业高端、低端工业产品都受到影响。	When the economy decelerated in the past, low-end and primary commodities were the most significantly affected. In the current economic fluctuation however, both high- and low-end industrial products of Northeast China’s traditional industries were affected.
鞍钢集团(微博)前些年从调整产品结构入手，重点发展集装箱板、钢轨、船板和民用家电板等高端板材，然而今年这些品种的销量都出现较大幅度下降，特别是船板销售比去年同期销量下滑了50%。	A few years ago, Ansteel Group (Weibo) began by adjusting its product mix, and gave priority to developing high-end steel plates such as those for containers, railroad tracks, shipbuilding, and civilian home appliances. However, sales of these product categories fell significantly. In particular, the sales volume of steel plates for shipbuilding plunged 50% year-on-year.
鞍钢股份(辽宁省工信委冶金处处长郝庆顺介绍说，冶金是辽宁的第三大支柱产业，年产6000万吨的钢铁产能排在全国第三位。	Angang Steel Company (Hao Qingshun, Director of the Metallurgical Department of Liaoning Provincial Industry and Informatization Commission, said that metallurgy was the third largest pillar industry in Liaoning, with annual steel production capacity of 60 million tonnes, ranked third nationwide.
今年1-5月份，辽宁省粗钢产量2154万吨，国家政策鼓励、地方政府建设力度大的项目所需产品产销形势较好，市场竞争较为激烈的产品下降幅度较大，是东北制造行业呈现的又一特点。	For the first five months of this year, crude steel production in Liaoning Province amounted to 21.54 million tonnes. Sales of products required by projects that were encouraged by national policy and where there was strong local government construction activity was better. Products in which market competition was more intense fell by a larger magnitude. This was another characteristic of Northeast China’s manufacturing sector.
和成年后的努力、有担当形成鲜明反差的是，童年时期的吴彦祖很调皮，甚至可以说是叛逆。	In sharp contrast to being diligent and responsible on reaching adulthood, Daniel Wu was a very mischievous child, even rebellious.
即将于8月4日上映的电影《三生三世十里桃花》昨日在京举行“八荒四海为你而来”发布会，“白夜夫妇”杨洋、刘亦菲同台现身。	The movie “Once Upon a Time”, soon to be released on August 4, held a press conference entitled “people from all corners of the world have come to meet you” to launch the movie in Beijing yesterday. On-screen “Bai Ye couple” Yang Yang (Ye) and Liu Yifei (Bai) were present at the conference.
前几天刚刚进行过右耳手术的杨洋，伤愈后首度现身，他解读自己的角色是“喜怒不形于色”，始终为白浅默默付出，将所有感情都藏在心底。	Yang Yang, who underwent surgery on his right ear just a few days ago, made an appearance for the first time after his recuperation. He interpreted his character as someone who “does not wear his heart on his sleeve”, quietly giving his all to Bai Qian, and concealing all his feelings.
杨洋表示需要调动起全身的情绪，来将角色隐忍的悲伤传递给观众，“这对我的表演是一个新的挑战，在演戏过程中我真的是快要憋到内伤”。	Yang Yang said that he had to rouse all his emotions to convey the character’s hidden sadness to the audience. “This was certainly a new challenge for me as an actor. While acting this character, I was so emotionally suppressed that I almost suffered internal injury”.
刘亦菲则透露，在演这部电影时自己简直“哭惨了”，一度哭到崩溃。	Liu Yifei, meanwhile, revealed that while acting her character in the movie, she cried so much that she collapsed at one point.
日本奥委会近日表示，日本代表团在2020年东京奥运会的金牌目标是30枚，并挺进金牌榜前三位。	The Japanese Olympic Committee recently said that the Japanese delegation was targeted at 30 gold medals at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and making Japan into the Top Three.
去年10月，日本奥委会运动委员会主席山下泰裕就表示，期待日本健儿在东京奥运会上的金牌总数是里约奥运会的2.5倍。	In October last year, Chairman Yamashita Tasuhiro of the Athletes Commission of Japanese Olympic Committee expressed his expectation that the Japanese athletes can win 2.5 times more gold medals at the Tokyo Olympics than at the Rio Olympics.
在2016年里约奥运会上，日本代表团以12金位列金牌榜第六位。	At the 2016 Rio Olympics, Japanese delegation ranked 6th in the Gold List with 12 gold medals.
代表们自己组队，撑着伞，陆续步入会场。	The representatives formed their own groupings, and walked to the venue holding umbrellas.
会场周围的道路正常通行，会场外没有气球标语，没有红地毯，没有摆放植物和鲜花。	Traffic on the roads surrounding the venue remained normal. There were no balloons or slogans at the venue, nor a red carpet; displays of plants and fresh flowers were absent as well.
昨日，广安市四届人大第二次会议简朴召开。	Yesterday, the second session of the fourth People’s Congress of Guang’an City convened without much ado.
走进广安会展中心，会场没有标语，没有茶杯，甚至连一瓶普通的矿泉水都没有。	On entering GuangAn International Convention and Exhibition Center, slogans were absent from the venue, and there were no tea cups; not even a bottle of mineral water was present.
取而代之的是一个简单的横幅，一个开会的位置，一个装会议材料的简易环保纸质文件袋，一个环保纸杯盛装的茶水。	Instead, there a simple banner, a meeting place, a simple recyclable paper document bag containing materials for the meeting and a recyclable paper cup for tea or water.
会议材料相对于以前薄了一些，几张纸就把会议的主题和议程概括完了。	The meeting materials were less dense than that of the past. A few pieces of paper summarized the theme and the agenda of the meeting.
“节约为民，当节俭的一定要节俭。回归到现在的朴实、实在的开会环境，我们很理解，也很欢迎。”广安市人大代表王成表示，高效务实、不搞形式主义的会议是他们愿意看见和参与的。	“Be thrifty for the people. Those whose duty are to be frugal must live frugally. A return to the current simple and down-to-earth meeting environment, we fully comprehend and welcome it.” GuangAn People’s Congress deputy Wang Cheng said that an efficient and practical meeting without formalism is what they want to see and in which they want to participate.
专家指出，当前通胀、通缩压力均有所减缓，这对财经转型期而言无疑是个好消息。	Experts pointed out that both inflationary and deflationary pressures have eased at this time. This was undoubtedly good news for the financial and economic structural transformation stage.
加州的各大汽车经销商共有22款电动汽车在售，但其他州的选择少得多，位居第二的州只有14款车型，甚至有6个州没有任何电动汽车销售。	A total of 22 models of electric vehicles are sold at all major car dealers in California, but the selection in other states is a lot more limited. The second placed state only has 14 models while six states do not have any electric vehicles on sale.
2月10日消息：记者昨天从常州市农委获悉，在2016年成功创成国家森林城市的基础上，今年，常州市将深入实施《江苏省常州国家森林城市建设总体规划（2014-2025）》，巩固提升国家森林城市建设成果，建设绿色和谐、全民共享的高品质森林城市。	February 10 news: Reporters learned yesterday from Changzhou Municipal Agricultural Committee that on basis of having successfully become a national forest city in 2016, Changzhou will thoroughly implement the “Master Plan for Establishing Changzhou National Forest City, Jiangsu Province (2014-2025)” this year so as to consolidate and upgrade the achievements from establishing a national forest city, and build a green, harmonious and high quality forest city that may be shared and enjoyed by all.
英格兰银行将维持 0.25% 的利率	Bank of England to keep interest rates at 0.25%
英格兰银行将在晚些时候宣布利率将保持不变，此前疲软的经济增长和宽松的通货膨胀就已让上调希望破灭。	The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after lacklustre economic growth and easing inflation dampened speculation over a hike.
英格兰银行发出警告，因为其在加强家庭收入紧缩的同时控制利率，经济增长将继续呈“疲软”之势。	The Bank of England has warned economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on hold amid a tightening squeeze on family incomes.
该行货币政策委员会 (MPC) 的决策者以 6-2 的投票决定维持 0.25% 的利率，而本月少数成员呼吁提高利率，即使疲软的经济增长已经减弱了上调的助力。	Policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members this month calling for a rise as lacklustre economic growth has weakened support for a hike.
在其季度通货膨胀报告中，英格兰银行将 2017 年和 2018 年的增长预测分别缩至 1.7% 和 1.6%，并发出警告称家庭收入紧缩将会持续，同时通货膨胀将于秋季暴涨至近 3%。	In its quarterly inflation report, the Bank cut its forecasts for growth to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and cautioned the squeeze on household incomes would continue, with inflation still expected to surge close to 3% in the autumn.
但其表示在接下来的几年中，将需要上调利率以遏制脱欧带来的通货膨胀，同时借款费用可能需要以金融市场中期望的更大幅度上调。	But it signalled rate hikes will be needed over the next few years to rein in Brexit-fuelled inflation and said borrowing costs may need to rise by more than expected in financial markets.
一年前受脱欧影响而实施了大规模的经济促进政策，各成员也投票决定将其撤回。	Members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economy-boosting package unleashed a year ago in the aftermath of Brexit.
英格兰银行将宣布定期融资计划告停，从明年 2 月份开始为各银行提供廉价资金，虽然该银行称根据该计划，该行目前需要在 1150 亿英镑的基础上再追加 150 亿英镑。	It will call time on the Term Funding Scheme to offer cheap-finance to banks from next February, although it said it was now expected to offer £15 billion more under the scheme - at £115 billion.
在利率决策会议记录中，英格兰银行称：“在 MPC 的核心预测中，国内生产总值 (GDP) 在近期依然呈疲软之势，因为家庭实际收入紧缩将继续压制消费。”	In minutes of the rates decision, the Bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains sluggish in the near-term as the squeeze on households' real incomes continues to weigh on consumption."
关于利率，该行反复重申需要“一定的货币政策紧缩”来镇压通货膨胀，而且需要以比市场期望的“更大的程度”。	On rates, it reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be needed to cool inflation and by a "somewhat greater" extent than markets expect.
目前市场预计在明年第三季度实现第一次增长，在 2020 年实现第二次。	Markets are currently forecasting the first rise in the third quarter of next year and another in 2020.
但是该行强调，任何上调都会是“缓慢”而“克制”的。	But the Bank stressed that any hikes would be "gradual" and "limited."
该行今年和明年的增长预测呈下降趋势，而五月份的预测为 1.9% 和 1.7%。	The Bank's downgraded growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% predicted in May.
该行维持 2018 年增长 1.8% 的预测。	It maintained its forecast for growth of 1.8% in 2018.
英镑对美元汇率下降，欧元也紧随其后。	Sterling fell against the dollar and the euro following the news.
英镑对美元汇率下跌 0.5%，达到 1.31，对欧元则下跌 0.4%，达到 1.11。	The pound was 0.5% down at 1.31 US dollars and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.
该保持不变的决策出现之前，愈演愈烈的上调期望因最近不容乐观的增长数据而破灭。第二季度 GDP 增至 0.3%，而前三个月只有 0.2%。	The no-change decision comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened mounting expectations of a hike, with GDP edging up to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
该行称第三季度的增长可能保持在 0.3%，虽然年底将会小幅上升。	Growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will start to pick up slightly at the end of the year, according to the Bank.
普通家庭受到通货膨胀暴涨的冲击，而工资增长又微不足道，英格兰银行最近的通货膨胀报告并没有为他们带来喜讯，因为该行称紧缩在变好之前还会变得更坏，	Its latest inflation report offered little cheer for households being hit by soaring inflation and paltry pay rises as it said the squeeze will get worse before it gets better.
并称货币政策“不能防止”接下来几年中对收入的打击，但是工资有望在三年预测结束时“大规模”恢复。	It added that monetary policy "cannot prevent" the hit to incomes over the next few years, but expects wages will recover "significantly" towards the end of its three-year forecast.
同时，因为英镑贬值，对英国商品的需求大幅增长，经济将会受到刺激，抵消部分低消费的影响。	The economy is also set for a boost from surging demand for British goods thanks to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.
该决策制定之前一年，令人震惊的欧盟全民公投让英镑暴跌，八月份利率下调至 0.25%。	The decision comes a year after rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shock EU referendum vote, which sent the pound slumping.
英格兰银行估计其可能需要四年时间才能完全对物价和英国经济产生影响。	The Bank estimates it will likely take four years to fully feed through to prices and the economy.
在该行公布其最新利率裁定之前，利率上调的呼声就不绝于耳，因为通货膨胀令早已倍感压力的普通家庭雪上加霜，同时三位决策者呼吁 7 月份将利率上调至 0.5%。	Prior to the Bank's latest rates verdict, there had been growing clamour for a rate rise as inflation ramped up pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for an increase to 0.5% in July.
上个月通货膨胀从 6 月份的 2.9% 退至 2.6%，虽然英格兰银行称这在预料之中，且在接下来的几个月中将再次上升。	Inflation eased back to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the Bank said this was expected and will pick up once again over the coming months.
该行称相对其 2% 的目标，超过的部分已经完全是疲软的英镑最后的底线了。	The Bank said the overshoot relative to its 2% target was "entirely" down to the weak pound.
Coreco Mortgage Brokers 的董事安德鲁·蒙特雷克称：“鉴于掉期利率近期下跌，抵押贷款市场似乎将再次变得更具竞争力，因为贷款方强烈呼吁更多业务，并期待以积极态势为今年划下完美句号。	Andrew Montlake, director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers, said: "Given the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market looks set to become ever more competitive once more as lenders clamour for business and look to end the year in positive fashion.
对那些可能快要结束现有交易的人来说，这样的市场看起来特别有利，因为再抵押（很多都可以免手续费而且利率低）越来越受欢迎。	The market looks particularly good for those who may be coming to the end of their existing deals as re-mortgages, many with fee-free options as well as low rates, become ever more popular."
中国地震台网正式测定，11月13日19时02分在新西兰(南纬42.53度，东经173.05度)发生8.0级地震，震源深度10千米，首都惠灵顿震感强烈。	China Earthquake Networks Center officially determined that a magnitude 8.0 earthquake struck New Zealand on November 13 at 19:02 (42.53 degrees south latitude, 173.05 degrees east longitude), with the epicenter 10km deep. Powerful tremors were felt in the capital, Wellington.
英国国家医疗服务体系 (NHS) 富有争议的艾滋病毒药物大开绿灯	NHS to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000
在高等法院就 NHS 提供药物资助之事尘埃落定之后，患者将能够从 9 月开始获得“变革性” HIV 预防治疗。	Patients will be able to access a 'transformative' HIV prevention treatment from September following a High Court battle over funding the drug on the NHS.
NHS 英格兰宣布，暴露前预防用药 (PrEP) ，一种可在性行为之前服用的药物，已被证明可以将高危人群的感染风险率降低约 86％。现在卫生服务机构将通过为期三年的初步试验，向预计 10,000 人提供该药物。	NHS England announced that pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), a pill taken before sex which has been shown to reduce the risk of infection in high-risk individuals by around 86 per cent, will now be provided by the health service through an initial three-year trial to an estimated 10,000 people.
它同意在上诉法院去年支持高等法院裁决后为试验提供资金。该裁决表示，尽管 NHS 声称地方当局应该为这种药物提供资金，但 NHS 有权支付 PrEP 的费用。	It agreed to fund the trial after the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling last year, which said the NHS had the power to pay for PrEP despite its claims that local authorities should fund it.
周四宣布的举动被英国NHS首席执行官西蒙史蒂文斯 (Simon Stevens) 称为一次“重大的新干预”，而国家艾滋病信托基金会 (NAT) 则将其形容为“关键时刻”。	The move announced on Thursday was hailed as a 'major new intervention' by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a 'pivotal moment'.
伦敦、布赖顿、曼彻斯特、利物浦和谢菲尔德等地的性健康诊所将成为首批人员登记的性健康诊所。在10月份将会有更多的诊所加入，之后在 2018 年 4 月在英格兰范围进行全面实施。	Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to start enrolling people, with more clinics joining in October before full implementation across England by April 2018.
暴露前预防用药 (PrEP) 是一种在性行为之前服用、以降低感染艾滋病毒风险的艾滋病病毒药物。	Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV drugs taken before sex to reduce the risk of getting HIV.
试验显示，PrEP 可显著降低感染风险人群的艾滋病毒传播。	Trials have shown PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at-risk of infection.
在性行为之前服用 PrEP 意味着人体内有足够的特定药物来预防 HIV 感染。	Taking PrEP before sex means there is just enough of certain drugs in a person's body to prevent an HIV infection taking hold.
这种药物可以每天或在性交前两小时服用。	Such drugs can be taken every day or as soon as two hours before having sex.
那些有资格接受治疗的人群包括同性恋、双性恋男性、跨性别人士以及未成功接受治疗的阳性HIV携带者。	Those eligible for the treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people and those with HIV-positive partners who are not successfully receiving treatment.
诊所将确定符合条件、且同意试验的参与者，包括男性、女性、跨性别人士以及其性伴侣HIV感染状态是否接受抗逆转录病毒治疗未知的人员。	Clinics will identify eligible participants who consent to the trial, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by anti-retroviral treatment.
在英格兰居住并注册全科医生的人员也可以在他们当地参加的性健康诊所报名参加。	People living and registered with a GP in England will also be able to enrol for potential participation at their local participating sexual health clinic.
该计划将花费 1000 万英镑，而NHS英格兰分支机构签署了一份合同，在进行国际竞争性采购后于本周采购这些药物。	The programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to source the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.
该试验旨在通过在大样本基础上，收集有关对其如何定位、吸收和实施的临床证据来评估 PrEP 的全部潜力。	The trial is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence on how it is targeted, taken up, and implemented on a large scale.
史蒂文斯先生说：“这项重大的新干预措施应该对预防艾滋病毒起到广泛的和越来越成功的补充和强化作用。	Mr Stevens said: 'This major new intervention should complement and supercharge the wide-ranging and increasingly successful effort to prevent HIV.
这是 30 多年来值得在解决人类主要健康挑战中取得进步的行动的又一个里程碑。”	It's another milestone in more than three decades' worth of progress in tackling one of humanity's major health challenges.'
英国艾滋病信托基金 (NAT) 首席执行官狄波拉?金表示：“这是抗击艾滋病的关键时刻。	Deborah Gold, chief executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: 'This is a pivotal moment in the fight against HIV.
如果其确实针对有需要和处于危险的人群，那么暴露前预防用药则为改变英国艾滋病流行提供了可能性。	PrEP, if targeted properly at those in need and at risk, offers the possibility of transforming the English HIV epidemic.
从 9 月份开始，艾滋病毒高危人群将通过 NHS 资助的、在英格兰开展的这项试验，获得一种准许的新工具，这种工具是真正可单独实施，无需与性伙伴协商，这将会为许许多多人的生活带来改善。	From September, people at high risk of HIV will have access via this NHS-funded trial in England to an empowering new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.
我们对这个公告双手赞成。”	We warmly welcome this announcement.'
特伦斯?希金斯信托基金会首席执行官伊恩?格林表示：“现在的首要任务就是确保试验在全国范围内迅速推开，而且艾滋病病毒感染者一个都不能落下。	Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'The priority must now be to make sure that the trial is rolled out speedily across the country, and that no-one at risk of HIV is left behind.
现在我们已经购买了 PrEP 试验药物，我们为保护超过 10,000 名艾滋病毒高危人员已经做好了准备。”	Now that the PrEP trial drug has been procured, we're well on the way to protecting over 10,000 people at risk of HIV.'
影子公共卫生部长沙龙?霍奇森声称：“历经数月的推迟和政府的拖沓之后，PrEP 初试的开始工作很受欢迎而且应该早些到来。	Shadow public health minister Sharon Hodgson said: 'The start of the PrEP trial is welcome and long overdue after months of delays and heel-dragging by the Government.
证据表明作为我们预防艾滋病毒和止传播这种致命的感染疾病的方法的一部分，这种药物可以带来怎么样的变革。	The evidence shows just how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and ending the transmission of this life-changing infection.
这项试验将使我们更进一步地、充分了解 PrEP 的优势。	This trial will take us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.
现在，尽快在全国范围内推出这项试验以便保护接触艾滋病毒的人员，并帮助我们更进一步地终止艾滋病毒在社会中的传播，这点非常重要。”	Now it is important that this trial is rolled out as quickly as possible across the country to protect individuals who are exposed to HIV and help take us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society.'
2015年，出于技术合作或并购目的，侯为贵曾带队考察了许多车厂。	In 2015, for the purpose of technological collaboration or acquisition, Hou Weigui led a team to inspect many auto plants.
高品质生活：应用阁楼和巧妙设计，将伯爵宫小公寓打造为宽敞的家	Living the high life: mezzanine floor and clever design tricks have transformed this small Earls Court flat into a spacious home
乔安妮·雷是曾是一位银行家，她十分热衷于整修房屋，2014 年，她从位于骑士桥的大房子搬到了伯爵宫小公寓。	Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for doing up property, downsized from a large home in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.
这间公寓位于一个优雅的安妮女王式露台的一楼 -- 乔安妮没有收拾行李将其出售，这就是对新设计的有力证明。	It is on the first floor of a smart Queen Anne terrace - and it is a testament to the new design that Joanne hasn't packed her bags and sold on.
“在此之前，我和前男友住在骑士桥的一个更大的房子里，”乔安妮说道。	"Before this, I was living with my ex in Knightsbridge in a much bigger space," Joanne says.
“我当时正在找与报价合适的房子。	"I was looking for something that was comparable for my price.
我在伯爵宫看到这间公寓，它的天花板也很高。	I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.
我很中意，当天就提出要约。”	I fell in love with it and put an offer in that day."
自首次看房之后，这个 1,000 平方英尺的公寓现在已经完成了彻底检修。	Since the first viewing, the 1,000sq ft flat has had a complete overhaul.
这个公寓原先是一间布局复杂的单间 -- 需要穿过厨房才能走到卧室 -- 乔安妮当时就想增加储物空间和阁楼，以充分利用充足的天花板高度。	Originally a one-bedroom property with a convoluted layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
“我想要高高的天花板、大大的窗户、充足的光线。	"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
这就是我的要求，”她说道。	That was my requirement," she says.
为此，她聘请了来自 Duck＆Shed 建筑和设计工作室（位于诺丁山）的埃尔凡·阿扎迪来利用这个 12.5 英尺高的天花板，精心打造一个家。这个家不仅是开发项目，还是乔安妮居住的地方。	To this end, she employed Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill-based architecture and design studio Duck & Shed to exploit the 12.5ft ceilings and create a home that wasn't only a development but a place for Joanne to live.
天花板的高度不足以增加两个上下空间，所以建筑挑战在于创建一个高度足够让人站立的的阁楼。	The ceiling wasn't quite tall enough to add two spaces on top of each other so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine that you could stand up in.
埃尔凡必须发挥创意思维，这样才能解决这个问题。	Erfan had to think creatively to resolve the brief.
“钢结构相当复杂，”他解释说。	"The steelwork is quite complicated," he explains.
“我们必须安排好空间，使其上下陈列，并且不需要耸肩弓背。	"We had to arrange the spaces so that they stacked on top of each other without needing to hunch down.
不仅仅是搭建一个简单的平台那么简单，还要起动这些钢材，以使其处于实现功能的合适高度左右。”	It wasn't just building a simple platform, but cranking the steels so that they were at the right height for the function above or below."
通过这种安排，埃尔凡能够在该空间中获得两个全身高的房间 -- 其中可以增添许多趣味元素。	This arrangement allowed Erfan to get two full-height rooms on top of each other in the space - with lots of added drama.
阁楼采用 Retrouvius 品牌的复古铜质窗户，可以俯瞰迷人的生活区域。	For the mezzanine, a vintage copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area below.
装有镜子的金色家具、银色小件家具和 Serge Mouille 复古照明奠定了整体风格。	Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting all set the style for the scheme.
镜子的使用对于增加氛围、空间和光线起着重要作用。	The use of mirrors plays a part in adding theatre, space and light.
在短走廊两端装上镜子，可以使其看起来更长。	A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.
厨房里，装有镜子的防溅板就像通往另一个房间的窗户。	In the kitchen, the mirrored splashback feels like a window to another room.
在玄关处，装有镜子的小格子为乔安妮提供存储空间，用于存放餐具和玻璃器皿。	At the entrance, mirrored units provide storage for all Joanne's cutlery and glassware.
漂亮的客厅有一种引人入胜的空间感，在厨房未使用时能够把厨房收起来。	Giving the perception of a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room is being able to close off the kitchen when it's not in use.
折叠式厨房并不新鲜。	Foldaway kitchens are nothing new.
但这个折叠式厨房的独特之处在于一个车库式的升降门。	What's unique about this one is that it's a garage-style lift-up door.
“这里涉及一些工程领域的知识，”埃尔凡对钢筋加固贴面 MDF 门进行解释。	"A bit of engineering went into that," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
“这采用的是平衡原理，所以当你推门时，就很容易滑动。”	"It's counter-weighted so that when you push the door up, it glides really easily."
由于巧妙地利用空间和存物，乔安妮额外获得 16 平方米、多了一间卧室以及一个改进的布局。	Thanks to clever use of space and storage, Joanne gained an additional 16sq m, an extra bedroom and an improved layout.
“最终，你卖的就是房屋面积 -- 或者说你的房产估值是以房屋面积为基础的，”埃尔凡说道。	"At the end of the day, floor space is what you are going to sell - or how your property is valued," Erfan says.
“基本来说，房地产经纪人会走进去房间，并根据楼层大小进行计算。”	"In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will walk in and do a calculation based on floor size."
他们会设法增加占地空间，同时使用优质材料，从而为这个空间带来了奢华的感觉。	Here they have managed to increase the floor space while using quality materials that give the space its luxurious edge.
埃尔凡表示，“材料都是你亲自挑选，因此有助于在家中创建情感纽带。”	"The materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
“你不会爱上墙上的电源。	"You don't fall in love with the electrical feeds in the walls.
这些东西都很重要，但不会扣你心弦。”	These are important but they don't pull the heart strings."
事实证明，通过良好的设计以及增加额外面积，标准公寓可以摇身变得让你惊叹不已。	It goes to show that through good design and increased square metreage, a flat can turn from something standard into something quite amazing.
实际上，你可能会和乔安妮一样，选择住下去。	In fact, like Joanne, you may choose not to leave.
这位Facebook CEO大约1年前就表示要开发一款人工智能系统，将此作为自己的年度挑战。	About a year ago, this Facebook CEO indicated that he wanted to develop an AI system , and has made it his annual personal challenge.
纵观历届格莱美，碧昂斯和阿黛尔都拥有着单届格莱美夺奖最多的女歌手头衔。	In the history of the Grammy Awards, Beyoncé and Adele are the two female singers who have won the most Grammy Awards in a single year.
据悉，第59届格莱美颁奖礼将于美国当地时间2017年2月12日（北京时间2月13日早）举行，主持人由英国喜剧演员詹姆斯·柯登(James Corden)担任。	It is understood that the 59th Grammy Awards will be held on February 12, 2017 US local time (morning of February 13, Beijing time), and will be hosted by British comedian James Corden.
随着通信技术的升级换代，运营商在新建网络时需要大量的站址资源。	As telecommunication technology is upgraded and updated, operators require massive website resources when building new networks.
5月15日，省委常委、常务副省长高建民在省国新能源发展集团就加快推进气化山西及煤层气资源的综合管理工作进行调研。	On May 15, Gao Jianmin, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and Executive Vice Governor, surveyed Shanxi Provincial Guoxin Energy Development Group in respect of the company’s work in accelerating the integrated management of the gasification of Shanxi and coalbed methane resources/
国土资源等有关部门要主动服务，着眼转型综改试验区工作全局，积极争取国家政策支持。	The Ministry of Land and Resources as well as other relevant departments must take the initiative to serve, consider the overall situation associated with the structural transformation and integrated reform experimental zone program, and actively strive for policy support from the State.
7月26日消息：7月22日，记者从红桥区获悉，本市市区最大的沿河带状公园，红桥区南运河两岸绿化景观提升工程完工并免费向市民开放。	July 26 news: On July 22, reporters learned from Hongqiao District that the upgrading project of the city’s largest downtown riverside linear park has been completed, and the park will be opened to the public free of charge.
整个景观带借助原有自然生态和历史文化资源优势，对南运河两岸进行了重新规划和提升改造，打造出天子津渡遗址公园惠灵顿广场新天地风情街西站走廊水西遗韵绿廊五个沿河景观。	The entire landscaped zone leveraged the existing natural ecology as well as the strengths of historical and cultural resources, and re-planning as well as upgrading and transformation was carried out on both banks of the South Grand Canal. Five riverside scenic spots along the river were created, namely, “Emperor Yongle’s Ferry Crossing Heritage Park”, “Wellington Plaza”, “Xintiandi Folk Street”, “Tianjin West Railway Station Gallery” and “Shuixi Artistic Heritage Green Corridor”.
在金华桥至新三条石桥之间的两侧河岸绿地中还铺设了约1500米的塑胶甬道，甬道上注有距离标志。	Plastic paved pathways of approximately 1,500 meters with distance markers have been built in the green open space on both sides of the river bank between Jinhua Bridge and Xinsantiao Stone Bridge.
甬道两旁除栽种多种花草树木外，还修建了一处儿童游乐场地，并点缀设置了多组雕塑小品。	In addition to the flowers, plants and trees planted on both sides of the pathway, a children’s playground has been constructed, embellished with various groups of small sculptures.
行走中可以发现，岸边还修建了座椅、甬道、小桥、亲水平台和供儿童嬉戏的沙池等，使两岸绿化景观和水系融为一体，为市民提供了又一处休闲、健身及娱乐好去处。	As you walk along, you will see benches, paved pathways, bridges, riverside decks, sand pits for children to play in, and other amenities. These help integrate the green landscape and water sights into one, offering residents another place for leisure, fitness and entertainment.
昨天，中国国家队主帅里皮公布了参加中国杯比赛的23人名单，也正是这份名单引发了巨大的争议。	Yesterday, a list of 23 players to participate in the China Cup was released by Chinese national coach Lippi, and caused great controversy in the society.
对于如何处理我国新能源汽车“骗补”事件，自今年1月事件曝光以来受到全社会乃至国际汽车产业界的高度关注，国务院高度重视，要求严肃查处骗补行为。	How to deal with China’s renewable energy vehicle “subsidy fraud” has become a matter of serious concern for the public and even the international automobile industry community after the case was exposed in January this year. The State Council has attached great importance to this issue, and has requested rigorous investigation into such fraudulent conduct.
电动汽车销量不佳的原因之一在于这些产品的宣传力度不够。	A reason for poor electric vehicle sales is inadequate promotional effort for these products.
据2014年国家最新全民健身状况调查公报数据，相比2007年，运动健身的人群增长近8个百分点。	According to the latest national fitness survey bulletin issued in 2014, the number of exercisers has increased by nearly 8 percent points compared with 2007.
两兄弟上演 5 亿美元房地产帝国争夺大战	Brothers fight over $500 million property empire
在其意大利家族创立王朝 40 年后，两兄弟为价值 5 亿多美元的、维多利亚最大的房地产帝国之一展开争夺大战。	Two brothers are at war over one of Victoria's biggest real estate empires, worth more than $500 million, four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty.
前卡尔顿足球俱乐部董事和开发商柯林?德?鲁蒂斯 (Colin De Lutis) 住在一栋位于图卡拉区的豪宅，而三个房门的距离处是他的弟弟保罗的住所。后者就他们的不动产和营业资产的分割问题，将他告上了最高法院。	Former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a Toorak mansion three doors from younger brother Paul, who has taken him to the Supreme Court over how their property and business assets will be sliced up.
自 2014 年以来，保罗一直希望脱离家族企业，但两兄弟就这起资产分割在最高法院展开了激烈的争论。	Paul has wanted out of the family business since 2014 but an acrimonious argument is playing out in the Supreme Court over the break-up.
兄弟俩以及其母亲一共拥有 38 个不动产，价值超过 5 亿多美元，这些不动产是 1973 年该家族买下科林伍德区史密斯街以来，不断积累起来的。	Together with their mother Anna the brothers own 38 properties worth more than half a billion dollars, amassed since the family bought a Smith Street, Collingwood, shop in 1973.
在那里，该家族创立了Westco Jeans公司，并将其逐步发展到 160 家零售连锁店的规模。	There, the family founded Westco Jeans and grew it into a chain of 160 retail outlets.
1999 年，该公司以 8500 万美元的价格售出。	It sold in 1999 for $85 million.
之后，那笔钱被投入到房地产中。目前，德?鲁蒂斯家族的资产组合包括城市办公楼、不伦瑞克和索伦托开发项目、黄金海岸和布勒山公寓，以及郊区购物中心。	That money was sunk into property and the De Lutis portfolio now includes city offices, Brunswick and Sorrento development sites, Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments, and suburban shopping centres.
根据与其已故父亲达成的协议，被其弟弟保罗称为德?鲁蒂斯家族的“主要推动者和支配性人物”的科林拥有约三分之二的公司资产，而保罗大约占到三分之一。	Under an agreement with their late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the major driving force and the dominant personality" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company assets and Paul about one-third.
向法庭提交的文件称，经折算，科林拥有的财产价值 3.16 亿美元，而保罗拥有的财产价值 1.76 亿美元。	A court filing says this translates to Colin owning property worth $316 million and Paul $176 million.
保罗来认为，不动产和现金的分割证明是商谈的症结所在。	Dividing the properties and cash has proved the sticking point for Paul.
“科林提出的财产分割建议书为他留下了我认为最好的财产 ”，他在 2015 年的一份首次法庭宣誓书中写道。	"The splits proposed by Colin left him with what I considered to be the best properties," he wrote in an initial court affidavit in 2015.
上周五，在数次调解失败之后，最高法院首次举行了听证会。	Last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first Supreme Court hearing was held.
现在，这两兄弟还在争夺现有企业的控制权，保罗称科林已将他踢出局。	The brothers are also now fighting over who controls the existing business - which Paul alleges Colin has locked him out of.
而科林对此予以否认，并指责保罗对某些不动产管理不力。	Colin argues this is not true, but accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.
在科林提交的早期宣誓书中，他表示希望解决争端。	In an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.
“我的意大利传统决定了家庭是最重要的选项。我的意大利血统决定家庭是最重要的 ”， 他写道。	"My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.
案件的成本不断攀升，并且还有数百页的宣誓书、电子邮件，以及由 Deloitte、Pitcher Partners、Charter Keck Cramer 等公司、Allan Myers，QC 等顶级律所，以及双方聘请的资深律师提交的公司报告。	Costs are mounting in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails and reports by companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer filed and top barristers including Allan Myers, QC, and senior solicitors retained by both sides.
德?鲁蒂斯女士和她已故的丈夫路易吉均为意大利移民。他们从 20 世纪 50 年代末起开始经营大众食店和熟食店，并于 20 世纪 70 年代初在布伦瑞克买了一家商店。	Ms De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and in the early 1970s bought a shop in Brunswick.
他们使用抵押品买下科林伍德物业，科林在那里开设了家族的首家牛仔裤店。	They used the collateral to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
科林说，“我读高三时 ”，，他在那里创办了 Westco，“当时，保罗还很小（大约 10 岁）。”	Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my final years of high school, when Paul was a young child (around 10 years old)."
安娜?德?鲁蒂斯说，她和 2012 年去世的路易吉希望能够将财产平和地传给儿子	Anna De Lutis says she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass down their properties to their sons amicably.
“路易吉常常对我说，他永远不希望兄弟们最后会闹到法庭上 ”，她写道。	"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.
另外两个兄弟，马克和卢克不再是德?鲁蒂斯集团公司的成员，科林说马克离开公司时，向他支付了 1000 万美元，并向卢克支付了 2600 万美元。	Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin saying that Mark was paid $10 million when he left the business, and Luke $26 million.
保罗说，卢克和马克均“对他们的财产分割条款表示不满”。	Both Luke and Mark had become, Paul says, "bitter about the terms of their financial separation."
根据电视明星艾迪?麦奎尔 (Eddie McGuire) 至交 2015 年出版的传记所载，尽管科林是前AFL俱乐部的董事会成员，但他一直保持低调。	Colin has kept a low profile despite being a former AFL club board member and, according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire, the television star's best friend.
“费尔法克斯传媒 (Fairfax Media) ”周五联系了科林和保罗，以及他们的律师。	Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis on Friday, and their lawyers.
但是，只有科林通过短信回复。他表示，因为案件已提交至法庭“我真的不能说太多。”	Only Colin replied, by text message, to say that because the case was before the courts "I really cannot say much."
“我的弟弟保罗选择了起诉我，并将我们的家族事务带到法庭上，这是非常、非常令人难过的 ”，他写道。	"It's very, very sad that my brother Paul has chosen to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
2016 年年中，，科林在一份法庭文件中写道，他曾试图满足其兄弟的要求。	In mid-2016, Colin wrote in one court filing that he had tried to accommodate his brother's requests.
他说：“我们的父亲不希望看到保罗和我最后发生目前这样的争端 ”，并补充道，他“仍然对争端的解决抱有希望。”	"Our father would not have wanted to see Paul and I end up in our current dispute," he said, adding that he was "still hopeful of resolution."
周五，这个希望似乎破灭了。	On Friday, that hope appeared gone.
“我们的问题将在不久的将来通过法院解决”，科林写道。	"Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.
李克强举行仪式，欢迎俄罗斯总理访华。	Li Keqiang held a ceremony to welcome Russian President's visit to China.
李克强与俄罗斯总理共同主持中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤	Li Keqiang and Russian Prime Minister jointly chaired the 22nd regular meeting between the Premier of China and the Prime Minister of Russia
共同会见记者，并出席中俄媒体交流年闭幕式。	Met reporters together and attended the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Year of Media Exchange.
十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议举行第三次全体会议。	The 12th National People’s Congress held the third plenary session of the 30th meeting.
张德江作关于检查固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况的报告。	Zhang Dejiang presents a report on checking the implementation status of the Law on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Resulting From Solid Waste.
张德江会见俄罗斯总理。	Zhang Dejiang met with the President of Russia.
全国政协十二届常委会第二十三次会议闭幕。	The closing ceremony of the 23nd meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
俞正声主持并讲话。	Yu Zhengsheng chaired the meeting and gave an address.
张高丽、汪洋、刘延东接受俄罗斯友谊勋章。	Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong accepted Russia’s Order of Friendship award.
汪洋会见斯里兰卡外长。	Wang Yang met with Sri Lanka’s Minister of Foreign Affairs.
王沪宁在学习贯彻党的十九大精神中央宣讲团动员会上要求	Wang Huning requested at the Mobilization Meeting of the Central Propaganda Group for studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress spirit
国家主席习近平十一月一号在钓鱼台国宾馆会见俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫。	Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev at Diaoyutai State Guesthouse on November 1.
习近平欢迎梅德韦杰夫在中共十九大胜利闭幕后随即访华，强调俄罗斯是中国的最大邻国。	Xi Jinping expressed his welcome for Medvedev's immediate visit to China following the perfect conclusion of the 19th CPC National Congress, stressing that Russia is China’s biggest neighbor
和全面战略协作伙伴	and strategic cooperation partner.
中方发展和深化中俄关系的明确目标和坚定决心不会改变。	China's clear goal and firm determination to develop and deepen the China-Russia relations will not change.
中方愿同俄方一道，扩大各领域、全方位合作，密切在国际事务中的协调和配合	China is willing to work with Russia towards expanding mutual cooperation in all fields and all rounds, and deepening mutual coordination in international affairs,
推动构建人类命运共同体	Advance the formation of a common destiny for humanity
相信中俄全面战略协作伙伴关系会在新起点上把握新机遇，展现新气象，取得新成果。	The strategic partnership between China and Russia will usher in a new opportunity, create a new image and achieve new results based on the new starting point.
习近平指出，中俄要充分发挥总理定期会晤机制的统筹协调作用，加强在能源、装备制造、农业、	Xi Jinping pointed out that China and Russia should give full play to the coordination role of regular meeting mechanism between the Prime Ministers, strengthen mutual cooperation in energy, equipment manufacturing, agriculture, aerospace, etc.,
航天等领域合作继续提升双方合作中的科技创新含量，将大数据、物联网、智慧城市等数字经济领域	continue enhancing the scientific and technological innovation in mutual cooperation, and taking big data, IoT, smart city and other areas of digital economy
作为新的合作增长点	as the new growth point of cooperation.
要做好一带一路建设同欧亚经济联盟对接，努力推动滨海国际运输走廊等项目落地，共同开展北极航道开发和利用合作	He also expressed that China and Russia should make concerted efforts to dock the One Belt One Road with the Eurasian Economic Union, promote the landing of projects like coastal international transport corridors, jointly exploit the Arctic shipping routes
打造冰上丝绸之路	and Polar Silk Road,
推动两国地方交流合作，进一步巩固两国关系的民意基础。	promote local exchanges and cooperation between the two countries, and further consolidate the public opinion foundation of bilateral relations.
梅德韦杰夫转达了俄罗斯总统普京对习近平主席的亲切问候和美好祝愿，对中共十九大胜利闭幕	Medvedev conveyed Russian President Vladimir Putin's cordial greetings and best wishes to President Xi Jinping, and expressed his warmest congratulations on
和习近平再次当选中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺。	the successful closing of the 19th CPC National Congress and Xi Jinping’s re-election as the General Secretary the CPC Central Committee.
在经济、能源、投资、创新、人文、欧亚经济联盟同一带一路建设对接等领域合作取得更多积极进展。	Making more positive progresses in the fields of economy, energy, investment, innovation, humanity, and the fields docking the One Belt One Road and the Eurasian Economic Union.
俄方对此十分满意，愿进一步密切同中方各领域交流合作，加强在国际和地区事务中沟通协调	Russia is very satisfied with current progresses, and is willing to further strengthen its exchanges and cooperation with China in various fields and strengthen its communication and coordination with China on major global and regional issues.
丁薛祥、杨洁篪等参加会见。	Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.
随后，两国总理观看了分列式。	Afterwards, the premiers of the two countries viewed march-past.
欢迎仪式后， 两国总理共同主持中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤。	After the welcoming ceremony, the two prime ministers co-chaired the 22th regular meeting between Chinese and Russian prime ministers.
李克强表示，在习近平主席和普京总统的推动下，中俄关系不断结出新的硕果。	Li Keqiang said that China-Russia relations are bearing new fruits under the jointed efforts of President Xi Jinping and President Putin.
刚刚胜利闭幕的中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会	Just successfully concluded the 19th CPC National Congress
选举产生了以习近平同志为核心的新一届中共中央， 确立了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想	a new CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, established Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the
为我们党必须长期坚持的指导思想，明确了中国未来的发展目标。	guiding ideology that the Party must follow permanently, and defined clearly China’s development goals for the future.
中国作为最大的发展中国家，发展是解决一切问题的基础和关键。	As the largest developing country in the world, development has always been the foundation and key to solve all problems in China.
中俄都视彼此的发展为重要机遇	Both China and Russia are taking each other's development as an important opportunity
两国对接发展战略、深化全方位合作面临更广阔前景，也将为两国、地区乃至世界的和平与发展贡献更多积极力量。	Their efforts to dock development strategies and deepen all-round cooperation will embrace a broader prospect, and also contribute more to the peace and development of the two countries, the whole region and even the world.
李克强和梅德韦杰夫听取了两国相关机制，中方主席张高丽、汪洋、刘延东，以及俄方主席的工作汇报。	Li Keqiang and Medvedev debriefed to the relevant mechanisms of both countries, as well as the work reports presented by Chinese Vice Premiers Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong, and the Russian chairmen.
共创两国关系更加美好的明天	Creating a brighter tomorrow for the relations between the two countries
梅德韦杰夫祝贺中国共产党成功召开十九大，表示俄方愿同中方深化能源、基础设施建设、产能、航空航天等传统领域合作	Medvedev congratulated the Communist Party of China on its successful convening of the 19th CPC National Congress, saying that Russia is willing to deepen its cooperation with China in the traditional fields such as energy, infrastructure, production capacity, aviation and aerospace,
开拓电子商务、中小企业等新兴领域合作，密切人文交流，推动俄中全面战略协作伙伴关系持续向前发展。	open up cooperation in emerging areas like e-commerce and small-and- medium enterprises, foster closer the people-to-people exchanges, and push forward the continuous progressing of comprehensive strategic partnership between Russia and China.
会晤后，李克强与梅德韦杰夫签署了《中俄总理第二十二次定期会晤联合公报》，并共同见证投资	After the meeting, Li Keqiang and Medvedev signed a Joint Communique of the 22th Meeting of the Chinese and Russian Prime Ministers, and witnessed the signature of nearly 20 documents concerning the bilateral cooperation
能源、地方合作、人文、农业、海关、 质检、航天、金融等领域近二十项双边合作文件的签署。	on energy investment, local cooperation, humanity, agriculture, customs, quality control, aerospace, finance, etc..
签字仪式后，两国总理共见记者并答问。	After the signing ceremony, the two prime ministers met with reporters and answered their questions.
李克强介绍了此次会晤成果，强调中方愿继续在相互尊重、平等互利	Li Keqiang introduced the outcomes of this meeting, and stressed that China is willing to continue promoting the China-Russia relations and their mutual cooperation in all fields, propelling the establishment of a new international relationship with win-win cooperation as the core
共同发展基础上， 推进中俄关系与各领域合作， 推动建立以合作共赢为核心的新型国际关系	on the basis of mutual respect, equality, and joint development,
还要打造更多的合作增长点	and creating more growth points on cooperation.
不仅要集中发挥两国大企业大而强的优势，加强能源、航天、航空、跨境基础设施等领域战略性大项目合作，而且要利用好中小企业小而活的优势	To achieve this, it would require not only giving full play to the large and strong enterprises of the two countries and strengthening their cooperation on large strategic projects in the fields of energy, aerospace, aviation and cross-border infrastructure, but also making good use of the flexible small-and-medium enterprises and encouraging
支持他们开辟合作新领域，为两国务实合作挂上创新加速档。	them to open up new areas of cooperation and create an innovation accelerator for pragmatic cooperation.
当天下午，李克强与梅德韦杰夫共同出席中俄媒体交流年闭幕式并致辞。	That afternoon, Li Keqiang and Medvedev jointly attended the closing ceremony of the China-Russia Media Exchange Year and made a speech,
高度评价媒体交流年取得的积极成果和社会反响。	giving their high appraisal to the positive outcomes and social repercussions achieved in this Media Exchange Year.
李克强在致辞中表示，两年前，中俄两国元首共同决定并宣布启动中俄媒体交流年。	Li Keqiang said in his speech that two years ago, the heads of state of China and Russia jointly decided and announced the start of China-Russia Media Exchange Year,
表明中俄作为全面战略协作伙伴，政治上高度互信，文化上心灵相通，对彼此抱有客观友好的态度。	showing that China and Russia, as comprehensive strategic partners, have shared a high degree of mutual trust in politics, a cultural connection on the soul level, as well as an objective and friendly attitude towards each other.
搭建起重要桥梁和纽带，李克强指出，中俄都是拥有悠久文化传统和深厚文化底蕴的国家。	building up important bridges and ties. Li Keqiang pointed out that both China and Russia are possessed of long-standing cultural traditions and profound cultural heritages.
两国媒体也是各有特色。	Medias of the two countries also have their own characteristics.
通过举办媒体交流年，双方增进了理解，加深了友谊，促进了媒体间学习互鉴	Thanks to the media exchange year, mutual understanding and friendship between the two countries have been deepened, and mutual learning between the medias have been enhanced,
成为国际媒体交流史上的特色之举	and the media exchange year itself has also become a distinctive move in the history of international medial exchanges.
今天的闭幕式不是终点，而是新的起点，相信将开启中俄媒体合作新篇章，扬起人文交流新风帆。	This closing ceremony is not an end, but a new start, signifying the start of a new chapter in the history of China-Russia media cooperation, and raising a new sail for the people-to-people exchanges.
推动中俄关系迈上夯实世代友好的新征程	Pushing forward the China-Russia relations towards a new journey of consolidated friendship between generations
为两国关系赋予新的内涵，带来新的机遇，充分体现出两国人民的友好程度和双边关系的战略意义。	Injecting new connotations and creating new opportunities to the relations of the two countries, and fully reflecting the degree of friendship between the two peoples as well as the strategic significance of the bilateral relations.
十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议一号下午在北京人民大会堂举行第三次全体会议。	On the afternoon of November 1 , the 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held its third plenary session in the Great Hall of the People, Beijing.
张德江委员长出席会议	Chairman Zhang Dejiang attended the meeting
并作关于检查固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况的报告。	and made a report on the inspected enforcement of the Law of the People’s Republic on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (hereinafter, Solid Waste Law).
今年五月全国人大常委会启动开展固体废物污染环境防治法执法检查。	In May this year, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress started the inspection of the enforcement of Solid Waste Law.
张德江代表执法检查组报告了检查情况。	Zhang Dejiang reported the inspection results on behalf of the inspection team of law enforcement.
他说， 党的十八大以来，以习近平同志为核心的党中央	He said that since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core
认真落实法律规定，固体废物污染防治工作取得长足进步。	had conscientiously implemented the legal provisions, and achieved striking progresses in the prevention and control of solid waste.
张德江指出，从执法检查情况看，当前固废法的实施以及固体废物污染防治工作仍面临一些突出问题。	Zhang Dejiang pointed out that according to the inspection results, there were also some outstanding problems in the enforcement of Solid Waste Law as well as the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.
必须引起高度重视。	These problems must arouse enough attention.
要认真贯彻落实党的十九大精神， 全面正确贯彻实施固废法， 深入推进固体废物污染防治工作。	We must conscientiously implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, completely and accurately implement the Solid Waste Law, further promote the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.
深入推进工业固体废物治理，完善固体废物监管工作机制，强化固体废物污染防治的科技支撑。	Pushing forward the treatment of industrial solid waste, improving the supervision mechanism of solid waste, and strengthening the scientific and technological support for the prevention and control of solid waste pollution.
受国务院委托，农业部部长韩长赋作了关于草原生态环境保护工作情况的报告。	The Minister of Agriculture Han Changfu, under the entrust of the State Council, made a report on grassland ecological environment protection.
韩长赋说	Han Changfu said
持续提升草原保护建设水平	Continuously raising the level of grassland conservation and construction
会议听取审议了最高人民检察院检察长曹建明作的关于人民检察院全面深化司法改革情况的报告。	The meeting heard and examined a report presented by Cao Jianming, the Chief Procurator of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, on comprehensively deepening the judicial reform.
在报告了进展、成效和存在的问题后， 曹建明表示，下一步将深化司法体制综合配套改革	After reporting on the current progresses, achievements and problems, Cao Jianming expressed that the next step would be to deepen the comprehensive reform of the judicial system,
全面落实司法责任制，加强政策解读和改革宣传，深化研究论证，推动司法改革向纵深发展。	fully implement the judicial responsibility system, strengthen the policy interpretation and reform propaganda, deepen the research and demonstration, and promote the judicial reform to the depth of development.
陈竺副委员长主持会议。	Vice Chairman Chen Zhu presided over the meeting.
深入开展治国理政、立法监督经验交流互鉴，从立法层面保障一带一路建设和欧亚经济联盟对接等领域合作顺利开展	Carrying out in-depth the exchange of experiences and mutual learning concerning the management and governing of the country, and the legislative control, so as to ensure the smooth development of mutual cooperation in the areas docking the One Belt one Road with the Eurasian Economic Union at the legislative level.
加强地方合作和人文交流，为中俄关系注入新活力、增添新动能。	Strengthening local cooperation and cultural exchanges, and injecting new vitality and momentum to the China-Russia relations.
梅德韦杰夫说，祝贺中共十九大胜利闭幕。	Medvedev expressed his congratulations on the successful closing of the 19th CPC National Congress.
俄中关系进展顺利，合作成果丰硕。	The Russia-China relations have been progressing very smoothly and made enumerable great achievements.
俄方愿同中方共同努力，将两国关系推向更高水平。	Russia is willing to work with China and push the bilateral relations to a higher level.
王晨参加会见。	Wang Chen attended the meeting.
三十一号下午，梅德韦杰夫向人民英雄纪念碑敬献花圈。	In the afternoon of October 31th, Medvedev laid a wreath at the Monument to the People’s Heroes.
一致表示，完全拥护习近平同志代表中共十八届中央委员会所作的报告。	The meeting pledged full support to the report delivered by Comrade Xi Jinping on behalf of the 18th CPC Central Committee.
大家坚信，新一届中共中央领导集体一定能够不辱使命、不负重托，引领承载中国人民伟大梦想的航船驶向更加辉煌的未来与会人员一致认为，中共十九大是在全面建成小康社会决胜阶段、中国特色社会主义进入新时代的关键时期。召开的一次十分重要的大会。	Participants hold a strong conviction that the new CPC leadership will live up to the great trust place on and the lofty mission assigned to it and navigate the giant ship bearing the great dream of the Chinese people to a bright future. Attendees agreed that the 19th CPC National Congress is a meeting of great importance taking place during the decisive stage in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and the development of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
习近平总书记所作的报告提出一系列新的重要思想、重要观点、重大判断、重大举措，是一篇闪耀着马克思主义光辉的纲领性文献。	The report delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping is a programmatic document radiating the brilliance of Marxism, which puts forth a series of important thoughts, ideas, judgements and measures.
与会人员一致表示，全面深入学习宣传贯彻中共十九大精神，是当前和今后一个时期人民政协的首要政治任务。	There was a consensus among attendees that the political priority of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference at present and in the years to come is to comprehensively study, propagandize and implement the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
一要深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想， 不断巩固团结奋斗的共同思想政治基础。	Firstly, it is necessary to digest Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and continuously consolidate the common political and ideological basis for unity and struggle.
团结带领政协委员坚定贯彻执行党的基本理论、基本路线、基本方略。	Secondly, it is necessary to unite and lead the CPPCC members to unswervingly carry out the Party’s basic theories, guidelines and policies.
三要聚焦党和国家中心任务履职尽责，为决胜全面建成小康社会、建设社会主义现代化国家献计出力。	Thirdly, it is necessary to focus on the central tasks of the Party and state and contribute ideas and efforts to the victory of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
四要充分发挥政协作为协商民主重要渠道和专门协商机构作用，把协商民主落实到履职全过程和各方面。	Fourthly, it is necessary to give full play to CPPCC’s role as an important channel of consultative democracy and a specialized organization of consultation, implementing consultative democracy throughout the process of performing duties and into all aspects of work.
五要更好发挥政协作为统一战线组织功能作用，动员全体中华儿女共圆中国梦。	Fifthly, it is necessary to fully exploit the power of CPPCC as a united front organization that enables it to mobilize the Chinese nation to fulfill the Chinese dream.
六要以增强履职本领为重点加强政协自身建设，完善履职制度，提高履职实效。	Sixthly, it is necessary to reinforce CPPCC’s self-construction with an emphasis on beefing up its competence in performing duties, improve the duty-performing system, and enhance the duty-performing efficiency.
会议通过了《关于学习贯彻中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会精神的决议》	The meeting adopted the Resolution on Studying
和《关于部分修改〈中国人民政治协商会议章程〉的决定》	and Implementing the Essence of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China as well as the Decision on Partial Revision of the Constitution of the Chinese people’s Political Consultative Conference.
会议要求以中共十九大精神为指导，总结好本届政协工作，做好全国政协十三届一次会议筹备工作。	The meeting asked to summarize well the work of CPPCC and prepare well for the first session of 13th CPPCC National Committee.
一号国务院副总理张高丽，中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋，国务院副总理刘延东在北京人民大会堂接受俄罗斯总理梅德韦杰夫代表俄罗斯政府授予的友谊勋章。	On November 1th, Zhang Gaoli, Vice Premier of the State Council, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, and Liu Yandong, Vice Premier of the State Council received the Order of Friendship from Premier Medvedev on behalf of the Russian government at the Great Hall of the People.
促进世界和平、发展国家间友好关系作出杰出贡献的人士	This award is given to individuals whose efforts significantly contribute to promoting world peace and developing friendly relationship among countries.
中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋一号下午在中南海紫光阁会见斯里兰卡外长马拉帕纳。	In the afternoon of November 1th, Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka Tilak Marapana in Ziguangge, Zhongnanhai.
今年是中斯建交六十周年和《米胶协定》签署六十五周年。	The year of 2017 marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Sri Lanka and the 65th anniversary of the signing of the Agreement on Rice for Rubber.
中方将认真落实中共十九大确定的亲诚惠容理念和与邻为善、以邻为伴周边外交方针，加强同斯里兰卡等发展中国家的团结合作。	China will act conscientiously on the neighborhood diplomacy of “amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness” and the foreign policy of “developing good relationship and partnership with neighboring countries”, which were established at the 19th CPC National Congress.
马拉帕纳祝贺中共十九大胜利召开。	Tilak Marapana congratulated on the triumphant convention of the 19th CPC National Congress.
他表示，斯里兰卡视中国为亲密朋友和发展伙伴。	He said Sri Lanka regards China as a close friend and a reliable partner.
学习贯彻党的十九大精神中央宣讲团动员会一号在京召开，中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记王沪宁出席会议并讲话。	A mobilization meeting of the Publicity Department, CCCPC intended for studying and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress was convened on November 1th. Wang Hu’ning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee attended the meeting and delivered a keynote speech.
他表示结合党中央的重要会议、重大工作部署、组织开展宣讲活动，受到广大干部群众欢迎。	He said teach-ins associated with the important meetings and work deployment of the CPC Central Committee are warmly welcomed by both carders and the masses.
习近平总书记对做好党中央精神宣讲工作一贯高度重视，提出了明确要求，我们要切实做好这次集中宣讲工作。	General Secretary Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the publicity of the CPC Central Committee’s ideas and explicitly requires that the centralized publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress should be well accomplished.
更好把广大干部群众的思想和行动统一到党的十九大精神上来。	The publicity is expected to synchronize the thoughts and actions of carders and the masses with the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
王沪宁表示要牢牢把握在学懂弄通坐实上下功夫的要求，精心做好党的十九大精神集中宣讲	Wang Hu’ning suggested that the centralized publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress should be meticulously carried out based on the requirement of “comprehension and implementation” to deepen the work of “studying,
推动学习宣传贯彻工作，往实里走往深里走，引导全党自觉维护习近平总书记党中央的核心、全党的核心地位，维护党中央权威和集中统一领导。	propagandizing and implementing” and guide the Party to defend the central role of General Secretary Xi Jinping and uphold the authority and centralized leadership of the CPC Central Committee.
党的十八大以来，党和国家事业之所以全面开创新局面，根本在于以习近平同志为核心的党中央	Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the cause of the Party and state has entered a new phase, which is fundamentally attributed to the strategic leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core and to the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era
据其定向、运筹帷幄在于习近平新时代的中国特色社会主义思想的科学指引，要紧紧围绕习近平新时代 中国特色社会主义思想这个主线。	We should revolve around the main thread of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era.
讲清楚党的十九大的鲜明主题，讲清楚习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的丰富内涵，讲清楚党的十八大以来党和国家事业发生的历史性变革。	We should make clear the striking theme of 19th CPC National Congress, the rich connotations of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, and the historical changes of the cause of the Party and state since the 18th CPC National Congress.
讲清楚中国特色社会主义进入新时代的重大意义，讲清楚我国社会主要矛盾变化的深远影响，讲清楚两个一百年奋斗目标。	We should make clear the significance of socialism with Chinese characteristics as it enters a new era, the far-reaching influence of the change of the society’s principal contradiction, and the Two Centenary Goals.
讲清楚坚定不移全面从严治党的重大部署，把广大干部群众的思想和行动统一到党的十九大精神上来。	We should make clear China’s strategic deployment of strict rule over the Party and synchronization of the thoughts and actions of carders and the masses with the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
推动党的十九大精神走进基层、走进群众。	We should integrate the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress into the grass-roots units and the masses.
中共中央政治局委员、中宣部部长黄坤明主持会议。	Huang Kunming, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Head of the Central Propaganda Department, presided over the meeting.
本台消息，为推动兴起学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神热潮，中央决定由中宣部会同中央有关部门组成	According to our news, for promoting the upsurge of studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th National Congress of CPC, the Party central committee decided to designate the Propaganda Department of the Central Committee of the CPC to joint hands with relevant departments of the central committee in setting up a propaganda team.
成员有中共中央政治局委员、中央书记处书记、中央纪委副书记杨晓渡，中共中央政治局委员、重庆市委书记陈敏尔。	The group members include such 36 comrades as Yang Xiaodu, member of the Communist Party's Politburo, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and vice secretary of the Party's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, Chen Min'er, member of the Communist Party's Politburo and secretary of Chongqing Municipal Party Committee,
中共中央政治局委员、中央书记处书记、中央宣传部部长黄坤明等三十六位同志。	Huang Kunming, member of the Communist Party's Politburo, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and minister of Propaganda Department of the CPC Central Committee and so on.
从一号起，中央宣讲团成员进行集体备课。	Starting from the first day of the month, the central propaganda team will prepare lessons collectively.
五号起赴全国各地宣讲	The team will kick off the propaganda across the country as of the 5th.
一分部署、九分落实。	With 10% efforts in deployment, 90% efforts will be made in implementation.
十九大代表回到基层后，首要的事情就是把党的十九大报告精神	After the delegates to the 19th CPC National Congress returned to the grass roots, the top priority is to convey the essence of the report delivered at the 19th CPC National Congress
第一时间传达到位	in place at a first time
要结合上海正在进行的智慧公安建设，把大数据、云计算等这些新技术，运用到工作中去。	We shall combine with the on-going smart public security building in Shanghai and apply big data, cloud computing and other new technologies in the practical work.
而远在山西大宁县的十九大代表、乡村医生贺星龙，回到家乡后，在行医路上把十九大精神送到乡亲们身边。	He Xinglong, a delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and a rural doctor who lived in Daning County, Shanxi, after returning his home town, sent the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to his fellow villagers on the way of practice.
俺	I
报告提出，实施健康中国战略，加强基层医疗卫生服务体系和全科医生队伍建设，你看这下以后咱村里	The report noted to implement healthy China strategy, strengthen the community medical and health care service system and general practitioner team building. You can find, when I convey
给老百姓传达到，把习总书记、党中央对大家的关怀关心传达到，大家都觉得	the concern from General Secretary Xin Jinping and the Party Central Committee to the villagers, all of them
我们党的领导下，日子会越来越好。	are feeling that our life has become better and better.
本台消息，明天出版的人民日报发表评论员文章开启全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程，五论学习贯彻党的	According to our news, tomorrow, People's Daily will release a commentary titled starting a new journey of building a socialist modern country
中联部今天举办专题吹风会，面向一百五十多个国家的驻华使节以及国际组织、外国企业代表	Today, the CPC International Liaison Department holds a briefing meeting for interpreting the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to
解读中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会精神。	the envoys of more than 150 countries in China, international organizations and delegates of foreign enterprises.
出席吹风会的驻华使节们表示，中共十九大意义重大	The envoys present at the briefing noted that, the 19th CPC National Congress is of great significance
大会提出了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想，提出了一系列符合中国实际的重大战略举措，不仅为中国的发展指明了方向	The congress has proposed Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and set forth a series of important strategic measures that accord with China's reality. It has not only given a specific direction for development of China
也将对世界和平、繁荣与发展产生深远影响	but also made a profound and lasting influence for the peace, prosperity and development of the world
武隆区、秀山土家族苗族自治县，四川省南部县、广安区，贵州省赤水市，西藏自治区城关区、亚东县、卡若区、巴宜区、乃东区	Wulong District, Xiushan Autonomous County of Tujia and Miao Nationalities, Nanbu County and Guang'an District of Sichuan Province, Chishui City of Guizhou Province, Chengguan District, Yadong County, Karuo District, Bayi District and Naidong District of Tibet Autonomous Region
和河南兰考县，全国已有二十八个贫困县脱贫摘帽。	and Lankao County of Henan Province, people in 28 poverty-stricken counties in rural areas have been lifted out of poverty.
贫困县退出需要通过初核、复核和评估专项检查。	The exit of poverty-stricken counties needs to pass the preliminary verification, secondary verification and special inspection for assessment.
公示无异议才能退出，退出标准也十分严格。	Only those which have no objection during the publicity can exist from the list of poverty-stricken counties. The exit standard is also stringent.
贫困发生率如果低于百分之二和百分之三的，错退率、漏评率低于百分之二的，群众认可度高于百分之九十的同意它退出，但是这四个指标都是单一的否定指标。	If poverty incidence is lower than 2% and 3%, 2% of them are exited by mistake or missing in listing, 90% recognized by the mass, can a poverty-stricken county exist from the list of poverty-stricken counties. However, any one of the four indexes can vote down.
贫困县脱贫后不脱政策、不脱帮扶、不脱措施。	After the poverty-stricken counties are lifted out of poverty, relevant policies, supports and measures shall be continued for them.
今天，人力资源和社会保障部公布前三季度全国城镇新增就业一千零九十七万人，同比增加三十万人。	Today, Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security releases that 10.97 million new jobs have been created in the first three quarters, up by 300,000 year on year.
十月份中国制造业采购经理指数为百分之五十一点六，连续十三个月保持在百分之五十一以上较高水平。	The Purchasing Manager's Index (PMI) of Chinese manufacturing industry in October is 51.6%, maintaining a high level of more than 51% for 13 months in row.
高耗能、高污染行业下降超两个百分点，而高技术产业、装备制造业和消费品行业保持平稳较快发展。	The industries with high energy consumption and high pollution decline by 2 percentage points while hi-tech industry, equipment manufacturing industry and consumer products industry keep growing steadily and quickly.
保监会表示，从十一月一号起正式实施《保险销售行为可回溯管理暂行办法》，明确电话销售业务应实施全险种、全过程录音。	China Insurance Regulatory Commission noted that, from November 1, Interim Measures for Administration of Traceability for Insurance Sales Behaviors will be officially put into implementation as of November 1, specifying that the telemarketing businesses shall be performed with whole-process sound recording for all the types of insurance.
成立省级律师行业党委。	A provincial-level party committee is established for profession of law.
近日，中央电视台和国际足联共同宣布，中央电视台获得二零一八至二零二二年国际足联各项赛事	Recently, CCTV and FIFA jointly announced that CCTV has obtained
在中国大陆地区的独家全媒体版权。	an exclusive full-media copyright of FIFA events in Chinese mainland in 2018-2022.
本次合约包括的赛事有二零一八年俄罗斯世界杯、二零二二年卡塔尔世界杯等。	The events contained in the contract include the 2018 Russia FIFA World Cup and the 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup etc.
当天下午三点左右，一名男子驾驶一辆皮卡在纽约地标新世贸中心附近道路上连撞多人。	Around 3 o'clock of the day, a man drove a pickup truck to bump against many people on the highway close to the new WTC, a landmark of New York.
这是一起恐怖袭击。	This is a terrorist attack.
据媒体报道，此人宣称以极端组织名义发动袭击。	According to media report, the man declared to launch the attack in the name of an extreme organization.
这是曼哈顿的西侧的一条快速路。	It is an expressway on the west side of Manhattan.
相当于我们国内常说的环路，它是能够经经常能够快速通过的，就在前面不远的地方大家可以看到	It is equivalent to a ring road we usually mention at home. It usually allows fast access. It is just ahead not far away. You can find it.
仍然被警察封锁着，那个区域我们是无法跨入。	It is still blockaded by police, so that area is not accessible for us.
袭击发生后，纽约警方已投入更多警力和资源	After the attack occurred, the police of New York has put more forces and resources
保证市民安全。	to ensure the security of citizens.
美国总统特朗普表示，进一步加强对外来移民的审查工作。	The US president Trump said more efforts would be made for dealing with the review of immigrants.
接下来看国际快讯。	Next, let's watch international express.
十一月一号，俄罗斯总统普京到访伊朗，访问期间将重点与伊朗领导人磋商叙利亚危机以及两国的能源合作。	On November 1, Russian President Vladimir Putin paid a visit to Iran. During his visit, he will focus on consultation with Iran leaders on the Syrian crisis and cooperation of both countries in energy.
俄伊两国均支持叙利亚巴沙尔政府。	Both Rusia and Iran support Syria's government of President Bashar al-Assad.
近期，伊朗与美国在伊核问题上针锋相对。	Recently, Iran and USA are in diametrical opposition to each other.
外界也非常关注俄罗斯在此问题上的态度。	The outside world is very concerned about Russia's attitude on this issue.
安倍随后组建了新一届内阁，原有阁僚全部留任。	Then Abe formed a new cabinet, with all the original cabinet ministers staying on.
在十月二十二号举行的众院选举中，自民党和公明党组成的执政联盟获得超过三分之二议席。	At the election of the House of Representatives held on October 22, the ruling alliance composed of Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and Komeito obtained more than two thirds of seats.
中央军委举行晋升上将军衔仪式，习近平向晋升上将军衔的张升民颁发命令状并表示祝贺。	The Central Military Commission held a ceremony for promoting high-ranking officers to the military rank of general. Xi Jinping issued a writ to Zhang Shengmin who was promoted to the military rank of general and expressed his congratulation to him.
应国家主席习近平邀请，美国总统特朗普将对我国进行国事访问。	At the invitation of president Xi Jinping, the US president Trump will pay a state visit to China.
中共中央做出关于认真学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神的决定。	The CPC Central Committee made a decision on earnestly studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress.
习近平总书记带领中共中央政治局常委	General Secretary Xi Jinping led the members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee
瞻仰中共一大会址和南湖红船，宣示新一届中央领导集体的坚定政治信念，极大凝聚起广大党员干部不忘初心、牢记使命	to pay respect to the 1st National Congress of the CPC and the red boat on South Lake for announcing the firm political belief of the new generation of Party leadership. The move has greatly built up the inner strength of the numerous Party members and cadres in remaining true to our original aspiration, keeping our mission firmly in mind and
永远奋斗的精神力量，十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议举行联组会议，审议并专题询问固体废物污染环境防治法实施情况。	working hard forever. The 30th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group session for consideration and special inquiry on implementation of Law on the Prevention and Control of Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes.
首次载入联合国大会安全决议。	It was included into the safety resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
接下来请您收看详细内容。	Next, please watch the details.
中央军委晋升上将军衔仪式十一月二号在北京八一大楼隆重举行。	The ceremony for the Central Military Commission in promoting high-ranking officers to the military rank of general was held on November 2 in the August 1st Building of Beijing.
下午四时三十分时晋衔仪式在庄严的国歌声中开始。	At 4:30 p.m., the ceremony for promotion was started with the solemn national anthem.
中央 中央军委副主席许其亮宣读了中央军委主席习近平签署的	The vice chairman of the Central Military Commission Xu Qiliang read out the xxx signed by the chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping
合影留念	Group photo
中央军委委员魏凤和、李作成、苗华，以及军委机关各部门领导和驻京大单位副战区职以上领导等	The members of the Central Military Commission Wei Fenghe, Li Zuocheng, Miao Hua and heads of departments under the Central Military Commission and leaders above deputy heads of theatre from large units in Beijing etc.
本台消息，应国家主席习近平邀请，美利坚合众国总统唐纳德·特朗普将于十一月八日至十日对中国进行国事访问。	According to our news, at the invitation of president Xi Jinping, the president of the United States of America Donald Trump will pay a state visit to China on November 8-10.
届时，两国领导人将就中美关系和共同关心的重大国际与地区问题深入交换意见。	By that time, the heads of the two countries will carry out an in-depth exchange on sino-American relation and the major regional and international issues of common concern.
注入新的强劲动力	Inject new strong impetus
党和国家工作全局，事关中国特色社会主义事业长远发展，事关最广大人民根本利益	Overall situation of the Party and the state, has a direct bearing on the long-term development of the socialist cause with Chinese characteristics and the interests of the great majority of the people
坚定道路自信、理论自信、制度自信、文化自信，为实现推进现代化建设、完成祖国统一、维护世界和平	persist in the confidence of the road, theory, system and culture, realize such three historic missions as pushing forward the modernization drive, accomplishing the reunification of the motherland, upholding the world peace
与促进共同发展三大历史任务，为决胜全面建成小康社会、夺取新时代中国特色社会主义伟大胜利	and promoting the common development of all nations, make more efforts in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and win a great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics for new era
实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦、实现人民对美好生活的向往继续奋斗，具有重大现实意义和深远历史意义。	To make continued efforts in realizing the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and achieving the people's aspiration for a better life is of great importance both in reality and in history.
《决定》指出，要全面准确学习领会党的十九大精神，深刻领会党的十九大的主题，深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的	The Decision pointed out that we shall fully and accurately study and comprehend the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress, have a thorough knowledge of the theme of the 19th CPC National Congress and Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era
实现第一个百年奋斗目标和向第二个百年奋斗目标进军，深刻领会社会主义经济建设、政治建设	March towards the realization of the goal for the first century and the second century and thoroughly understand the socialist economic and political advancement
外交工作的重大部署，深刻领会坚定不移全面从严治党的重大部署。	An important plan for diplomacy, fully understand the major deployment in exercising self-discipline inside the Party in an unswerving and all-around manner.
《决定》指出，要认真做好党的十九大精神的学习宣传	The Decision pointed out that we shall earnestly carry out the study and publicity of the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress
切实抓好学习培训，集中开展宣讲活动，精心组织新闻宣传，认真组织研究阐释。	Deal with learning and training properly, strive to launch the propaganda campaign, carefully organize the press publicity and the studying and interpretation.
要弘扬理论联系实际的学风	We shall carry forward the academic atmosphere of linking theory with practice
切实提高解决问题、推动发展的能力。	Effectively improve the capacity of solving the problem and advancing the development.
要切实加强组织领导，各级党委（党组）要切实负起领导责任	We shall earnestly strengthen the organizational leadership and urge Party committees (leading party groups) at all levels to assume the responsibilities of leadership
牢牢把握正确导向，着力增强吸引力感染力。	Firmly grasp the correct orientation and focus on making it more attractive and influential.
各地区各部门要及时将学习宣传贯彻党的十九大精神的情况	All the regions and departments shall report the situation on studying, propagating and implementing the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress to
报告党中央	the the Party Central Committee promptly
只要全党全国各族人民团结一心、苦干实干，中华民族伟大复兴的巨轮就一定能够乘风破浪，胜利驶向光辉的彼岸。	So long as the whole Party and the people of all ethnic groups in the country unit as one and work hard, the gigantic ship for realizing the great rejuvenation of Chinese nation can, without question, brave the wind and waves and sail to the brilliant destination triumphantly.
总书记的话语极大的凝聚起了	The remarks made by the general secretary have gathered
全国人民不忘初心、牢记使命、矢志奋斗的信心和力量。	the confidence and strength of the people across the country in remaining true to our original aspiration, keeping our mission firmly in mind and struggling in an unswerving way.
从饱经沧桑的石库门建筑，到嘉兴南湖的一叶红船，中国共产党从这里诞生	From the stone-gate buildings with great vicissitudes to a red boat on South Lake, Jiaxing, the Communist Party of China was born here
党的十九大，擘画了党和国家事业发展的宏伟蓝图，开启了一个崭新的时代。	The 19th CPC National Congresses has drawn a splendid blueprint for the development cause of the Party and the state and ushered in a brand new era.
十月三十一号，习近平总书记带领中央政治局常委瞻仰了一大会址	On October 31, General Secretary Xi Jinping led the members of the Standing Committee of the CPC Political Bureau to visit the site of the 1st National Congress of the CPC
新的领导集体又回到党的诞生地，也开启了我们新时代惊天动地的民族复兴的，一个伟大事业。	The new collective leadership returned to the birthplace of the Party, which has also started a great earthshaking cause for revitalizing the nation in a new era.
建设美丽中国的信心，为建设美丽中国做出我们应有的贡献，这两天，上海中共一大会址纪念馆	Make a due contribution to building a beautiful China in confidence, in the past days, the memorial of the 1st National Congress of the CPC in Shanghai
迎来了大批参观群众，大家表示要紧随新一届党中央领导集体的脚步，学习党的历史，重温入党誓词。	has greeted a lot of visitors, who expressed their willing to follow the footsteps of the new collective leadership, study the history of the Party and go over the oath for joining the Party.
因为我们以前来过，也在这宣誓过，看了这个习主席来了以后也特别振奋，好像人一下很鼓舞很鼓舞人士气的，所以我们老两口商量今天一定要再去一趟，再重温一下我们当时在这宣誓的过程，所以今天来了以后心情很激动的。	As we once came here and also took an oath, we were extremely motivated when we found President Xi also came here. It seemed to enhance the morale of the people. So, after discussing with each other, we decided to pay another visit so that we could review the procedure of making a vow here. I am so excited today.
虽然我身体不太好，他说我拽着你也去。	Even I am not in good heath, but my husband promised to support me for the visit.
我就跟着他一起来了，我们可以说	In this case, I come here together with him.
就就从一进大学开始入党，就信念就非常的坚定，人总是心中还是要有这样的这样的想法，就是要坚定这样的信念，扎根在心里。	We joined the Party since the first year we entered the college. We have a firm belief. A person shall have such an idea and keep such a firm faith which shall bedeeply rooted in his heart.
我觉得才能以后更好的不管是走上工作岗位还是怎么样，才能更好地为社会为国家服务。	Only in this way can we offer better service for the country after we start to work in an organization.
在一大会址巨幅党旗前，习近平总书记带领其他常委同志集体重温入党誓词。	Before a huge Party flag at the site of the 1st National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping led other members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau to go over the oath for joining the Party.
总书记说：入党誓词记住并不难，难的是终身坚守。	The general secretary said, “it is not hard to remember the oath, but it is difficult to hold fast to it for life. "
这句话，让当时在场的张黎明深有感触。	The saying made Zhang Liming on the spot deeply moved.
一次入党是非常简单的，但是你要做一辈子按照这个做一辈子是非常非常困难的，是要做出巨大牺牲的，所以说我我觉得以习近平同志为核心的党中央，为我们做出了榜样，为我们	Joining the Party is very simple, but it is very difficult for you to conform to it for life. You need to make a great sacrifice. So, I feel that the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core has set a model for us,
入党誓词是一面镜子，只有经常加以对照，以此修身正己锤炼党性，始终以实际行动诠释心中的信仰。	The oath is just a mirror, on which we shall check ourselves frequently for rectifying our shortcomings, tempering our Party spirit and interpreting the belief in our heart through our concrete actions.
百折不挠的奋斗精神，立党为公忠诚为民的奉献精神党的十九大开启了党和国家事业的新征程，广大党员干部表示，要从党的光辉历史中	With the Indomitable fighting spirit, and the sacrifice spirit of dedication to work for the public and assuming power for the people, the 19th CPC National Congress has started a new journey of the course of the party and our country. All the Party members and cadres said that they would, from the brilliant history of the Party,
汲取奋进的力量， 牢记共产党人的初心和使命，团结一心、苦干实干，真正把十九大精神学懂弄通	draw strength of struggling, bear the original aspiration and mission in mind, unit as one, work hard, and thoroughly comprehend the essence of the 19th CPC National Congress
就在眼前更嗯感觉更有希望，那个动力更足，我们接下来的工作咧就是不断地学习，不断地去领会。	To witness the scene, I feel more promising and more energetic. Next, we shall keep on learning and understanding
领会的同时还要去实践。	While comprehending, we also need to put it into practice.
进入新时代，贯彻新思想，踏上新征程，我们一定坚决拥护。	After Entering a new era, to carry out the new guidelines and start a new journey, we must give our firm support
以习近平同志为核心的党中央	to the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core
我们相信	We believe
十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议二号下午在北京人民大会堂举行联组会议，结合审议全国人大常委会执法检查组	The 30th Meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress held a joint group meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on the afternoon of the 2th.
张德江说，习近平总书记在十九大报告中指出，建设生态文明是中华民族永续发展的千年大计	Zhang Dejiang said, General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out in the report of the 19th CPC National Congress that building an ecological civilization is a major program of millennium for ensuring the lasting and sustainable development of the Chinese nation,
强调要加强固体废弃物和垃圾处置。	highlighting that more efforts shall be made in improving solid waste and refuse disposal.
我们要树立和践行绿水青山就是金山银山的理念	We shall build up and carry out the concept that beautiful scenery is the gold and silver mines.
全面贯彻实施固体废物污染环境防治法，着力解决突出环境问题，坚决打赢污染防治攻坚战	Comprehensively implement the Law on the Prevention and Control of Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, solve pressing problems related to environment, win the war against pollution prevention and control,
加快推进绿色发展，推动形成人与自然和谐发展的现代化建设新格局，更好满足人民日益增长的优美生态环境需要。	accelerate the promotion of green development, move faster to create a new pattern of modernization featuring a harmonic development between man and nature so as to better meet the people's ever-growing material and cultural needs for a beautiful ecological environment.
促进生态环境整体改善；要把防治固体废物污染作为实现绿色发展的有力抓手，促进形成节约资源和保护环境的空间格局、产业结构、生产方式、生活方式	Promote the overall improvement of ecological environment; we shall take prevention and control of solid waste pollution as a powerful measure of green development for promoting the formation of spatial pattern, industrial structure, mode of production and life style of resource conversation and environmental protection
专题询问中，全国人大有关专门委员会委员和常委会委员分别就国务院将采取哪些措施依法防治固体废物污染	During the inquiry on special topics, the members of relevant speical committee and standing committee of the NPC made relevant inquiries on what kind of measures would be adopted by the State Council on preventing and controlling solid waste pollution,
遏制增量、减少存量，切实打好污染防治攻坚战；	inhibiting the increment, reducing the existing pollution and pushing hard to ensure success in pollution prevention and control.
将采取哪些措施强化危险废物处置和监管	What measures will be taken in strengthening the disposal and oversight of hazardous wastes
如何提高工业固体废物资源综合利用水平；	How to improve the level of industrial solid waste resource comprehensive utilization
如何统筹城乡生活垃圾处理，推动建筑垃圾变废为宝，加强宣传教育	How to coordinate the urban and rural domestic refuse disposal, promote the change of construction wastes into valuables and strengthen the publicity and education
推进垃圾分类制度落地；	Push ahead with implementation of refuse classification system;
将采取哪些措施进一步提高农业废弃物无害化处理和资源化利用率	What measures will be taken in further improving the agricultural waste harmless disposal and resource utilization
对如何推动解决过度包装产生的固体废物污染，落实生产者回收处置责任，解决非法拆解处理废弃电子产品带来的环境污染问题	how to promote the settlement of solid waste polluton arisen from excessive packaging, assign the responsiblities of producers in recycling and disposal and solve the problem of environmental pollution brought about by illegal dismantling of discarded electronic products
如何完善垃圾收费制度，采取有效措施加强医疗废物处理的监管等问题提出询问。	How to improve the waste charging system and take effective measures in strengthening the oversight of medical waste disposal.
国务委员王勇和有关部门负责人到会应询。	The State Councilor Wang Yong and heads of relevant departments are present at the meeting upon request.
王勇表示，国务院及有关部门将继续深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神	Wang Yong noted that the State Council and relevant departments will continue to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress
坚决打好污染防治攻坚战。	and push hard to ensure success in pollution prevention and control.
坚定不移地依法推进固体废物污染防治工作，认真接受人大监督	Unswervingly press ahead with solid waste pollution prevention and control in accordance with the law, conscientiously accept the oversight of the NPC,
切实解决突出环境问题	make specific arrangement to solve acute problems in environment
国务院南水北调工程建设委员会第八次全体会议二号在北京召开，国务院副总理、国务院南水北调工程建设委员会主任张高丽	The Eighth Plenary Session of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project Construction Committee under the State Council was held on November 2 in Beijing. Zhang Gaoli, Vice Premier of the State Council and Director of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project Construction Committee under the State Council,
进一步把思想认识行动统一到以习近平同志为核心的党中央重大决策部署上来，勇于担当、奋发有为	further unified the thought, recognition and action intothe major decisions and deploymentof the Party Central Committee with comrade Xi Jinping as the core, stressing that we should dare to shoulder our responsibilities and strive to make continuous progresses.
在充分肯定南水北调工程工作取得的成绩后，张高丽强调，要继续扎实做好南水北调工程各项工作。	Aftera positive affirmation of the achievements in the work of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, Zhang Gaoli stressed that we should continue to make great efforts in fulfilling the work of South-to-North Water Diversion Project in an all-round way
要加强安全管理，保证工程平稳运行。	We should strengthen safety management to ensure the smooth operation of the project.
要强化监测保护，确保调水水质稳定达标。要做好移民帮扶	We should strengthen to the supervision and protection of the water to ensure that the water quality is stable and up to standards. We should provide enough assistance to the immigrants,
促进移民和当地群众同步实现小康。	and promote the immigrants toachieve a comfortable life with the local people synchronously
要优化水量省际配置和调度，服务京津冀协同发展、长江经济带发展等重大战略	We should optimize the allocation and dispatching of water amount among provinces, to serve major strategies such as the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province and the Yangtze River Economic Belt development, and
保障好雄安新区建设发展用水需求。	to ensure the demand for water of the construction and development in Xiong'an New area.
要建立良好的节水、调水和用水机制，推动工程充分发挥效益。	We should establish a good water-saving, water-diversion and water-using mechanism, and promote the project to give full play to its benefits
要深入研究论证，有序推进后续工程建设准备工作。	We should promote the in-depth research and demonstration, and advance the preparations of the follow-up project in an orderly way.
汪洋指出，南水北调工程建成运营并取得巨大成效，再次验证了我国的政治优势和制度优势。	Wang Yang pointed out that the South-to-North Water Diversion Project had made great achievement since its establishment and operation, which once again validated China’s political advantages and institutional superiorities.
要认真总结工程建设和运营积累的好经验、好做法，加快建立适应新时代要求的管理体制和运行机制	We should carefully summarize the good experience and deeds accumulated in the construction and operation of the project, to speed up the establishment of a management system and a operation mechanism adapted to the requirements of the new era,
把南水北调工程打造成清水走廊、绿色走廊，让工程长期造福人民、造福社会。	build the South-to-North Water Diversion Project into a corridor with clear water and greenness, and promote the project to benefit the people and society for the long run.
要加大对库区移民的帮扶力度	We should increase the assistance for immigrants in the reservoir area,
确保他们在全面建成小康社会中不掉队。	so that they won’t lag behind in the journey of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
十九大代表、陆军第七十六集团军某特战旅作训科长魏巍，深入驻训营区，从回顾发展成就到推进国防和军队现代化	Wei Wei, a delegation to the 19th CPC National Congress and the Chief of the Combat Training Department of a war brigade of the No.76 Army Group, walked into the training camp and held his first propaganda among the officers and soldiers, during which he not only reviewed the achievements of development and the advancement of national defense and military modernization,
从贯彻新时代强军思想到建设世界一流军队，为官兵进行了他的第一场宣讲。	but also called to carry out the thought of strengthening the army in the new era and building up the world’s leading military.
习主席讲	President Xi pointed out that
军队是要准备打仗的	a military is built to fight,
一切工作都必须坚持战斗的标准	and our military must regard combat capability as the criterion to meet in all its work
向能打仗，打胜仗聚焦。	and focus on how to win when it is called on.
这次回来我就是要把主席的嘱托，传递到每名官兵的心中。	In the spirit of the 19th NPC National Congress, I came back to convey President Xi’s instructions to the hearts of every officer and soldier.
在陆军第七十四集团军某旅黄草岭功臣连的微讲堂上十九大代表、两栖突击车车长王锐，结合十九大报告讲解的十二个新亮点	The twelve new spotlights derived from the 19th CPC National Congress report and explained by Wang Rui, a delegation to the 19th CPC National Congress and the Captain of the Amphibious Assault Vehicle, in the micro-lecture hall of Huangcaoling Meritorious Company of the No.74 Group Army,
格外吸引大家的关注。	were particularly noteworthy.
作为一名基层代表，我想就应该用战士的语言，最直白的的话去解读	As a representative of the grass-roots, I think we should interpret the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress to the soldiers in the most straightforward language,
帮助他们答疑解惑，让他们联系实际去理解，结合战位去落实。	help resolve their questions and doubts, guide them to comprehend the essence of the spirit based on reality, and implement the spirit into their battle stations.
之前学习十九大报告的时候，很多东西虽然都知道	We have learned a great deal from the early study of the 19th CPC National Congress report,
对于新时代自己的岗位任务有了更清楚的理解和认识。	and developed a clearer understanding and knowledge of our responsibilities in the new era.
十九大代表海军东海舰队某基地岸导团营长温国良向刚入伍的新战士讲述报告中的新思想。	Wen Guoliang, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the commander of a ground-to-ship missile legion of the East China Sea Fleet explained to the new soldiers the new thoughts in the 19th CPC National Congress report.
新使命、新目标	New mission, new goals
与新兵交流学习心得、共话成长故事。	Exchanged learning experiences with the new soldiers and shared with them the growing-up stories.
学习贯彻十九大精神，就是要争做勇担强军重任的新时代水兵	To study and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress is to become a New Age navy sailor that is ready to shoulder the important missions of building a strong army,
为建成世界一流军队，奉献青春，为实现中国梦、强军梦贡献力量。	dedicate his youth and enthusiasm to building Chinese navy into the world’s leading military, and devote himself heart and soul to promoting the realization of the Chinese dream and the dream of building a powerful military.
十九大代表，吉林省军区数据信息室助理工程师张燕兵，面对官兵提出的一个个问题	For the questions raised by the soldiers, Zhang Yanbing, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the assistant engineer of the Data Information Office of Jilin Military Region, said that
不仅要把十九大的精神学习好、宣传好，更要用行动带动好，让基层官兵肩负起新时代青年官兵的责任与担当。	it was not only necessary to study and propagate the 19th CPC National Congress spirit well, but also important to put the spirit into action and motivate the officers and soldiers at the grassroots to shoulder their responsibilities in the new era.
为帮助官兵学深悟透十九大精神	In order to help the officers and soldiers better understand the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress,
十九大代表、南部战区空军航空兵某团团长刘锐精心整理宣讲资料。	Liu Rui, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and the regimental commander of an air force aviation region in the Southern Theater Command, have done a great deal of work.
针对不同的群体认真准备多份宣讲提纲，为官兵解读十九大报告关键词，串讲十九大报告精髓要义	He carefully collated the propaganda materials, prepared multiple propaganda outlines for different groups, interpreted to the officers and soldiers the key words of the 19th CPC National Congress report, and construed the essences of the report in a coherent and systematic manner,
不断深化学习理解。	so as to continuously reinforce their understanding of the essence and spirit of the report.
习主席在十九大报告当中指出，军队是要准备打仗的，一切工作	President Xi pointed out that a military is built to fight, and our military must regard combat capability
必须坚持战斗力标准，要向能打仗、打胜仗聚焦。	as the criterion to meet in all its work and focus on how to win when it is called on.
人们更要用自己的实际行动做好表率，让官兵按照十九大	People should set a good example for the officers and soldiers with their actual deeds,
确立的强国强军目标，不断地提高自身能力素质和打赢本领，担当起党和人民赋予的新时代使命任务	and guide them to constantly improve their capabilities and fighting abilities towards the goal of building a powerful nation and military established in the 19th CPC National Congress, and shoulder the great missions of the new era entrusted by the party and the people.
明天出版的人民日报将发表评论员文章，题目是统筹推进新时代五位一体总体布局	Tomorrow’s People Daily will publish a commentator’s article with the title of “Pushing Forward the Overall Layout of Five-in-One in the New Era——
六论学习贯彻党的十九大精神	The Sixth Essay on Studying and Implementing the Spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress”.
本台消息，新华社今天播发综合报道，各民主党派中央、全国工商联和无党派人士认真学习贯彻中共十九大精神。	Xinhua reported, the Central Committee of the Democratic parties, the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, and the personages without party affiliation are seriously studying and implementing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.
首届中国国际进口博览会将于二零一八年十一月五号到十号在上海举行。	The first China International Import Expo will be held in Shanghai from November 5th-10th, 2018.
这是我国推进新一轮高水平对外开放	This is a major decision made by China to push forward a new round of high-level opening
做出的一项重大决策	to the outside world.
届时将有一百多个国家和地区的企业参展。	By then, the enterprises from more than 100 nations and regions will be present at the exposition.
其中新华社通讯，弄潮儿向涛头立习近平主席出席二十国集团领导人杭州峰会系列活动纪实 。	Xinhua Insight: Documentary of President Xi Jinping’s Attendance at the G20 Summit in Hangzhou”.
中央电视台的消息《习近平在青海考察时强调尊重自然顺应自然保护自然坚决筑牢国家生态安全屏障》等四件作品获得特别奖。	Four works including the CCTV news—“Xi Jinping Stressed Respecting the Nature, Following the Nature, Protecting the Nature and Firmly Consolidating the National Ecological Security Barrier” were awarded the Special Prize.
京沈高铁是我国四纵四横高铁网的收官之作。	Beijing-Shenyang High-speed Rail is the final episode of China’s Four-Vertical and Four-Horizontal high-speed network.
通车后，北京至沈阳运行时间	After opening to traffic, the journey from Beijing to Shenyang will be shortened to
将缩短至两个半小时左右	just about two and a half hours.
土耳其正义与发展党主席、总统埃尔多安在贺函中表示，我谨衷心祝贺阁下再次当选中共中央总书记。	President Erdogan, the chairman of the Justice and Development Party of Turkey, said in his letter of greetings , “I sincerely congratulate you on your re-election as the general secretary of the CPC Central Committee.
致力于在阿中全面战略伙伴关系框架下加强和提升两国各领域合作，实现友好的两国人民的共同利益。	I would be committed to strengthening and enhancing the cooperation between our two countries in various fields under the framework of the Arab-China comprehensive strategic partnership and achieving the common interests of the two peoples.”
吉布提争取进步人民联盟主席、总统盖莱在贺函中表示，您的再次当选充分表明	President Guelleh, the president of the Djibouti League for Progressive People, said in his letter of greetings , “your re-election has fully demonstrated
您得到全党拥护和支持	your support from the whole party.
相信在您的英明领导下，中国各领域发展必将不断取得新的更大成就。	I believe that under your wise leadership, China's development in all areas will continue to make new and greater achievements,
国际影响力必将进一步得到提升	and the international influence will be further enhanced.”
巴西总统特梅尔在贺函中表示，我谨对您连任中共中央总书记表示热烈祝贺，祝愿您在新的任期取得更大成就。	Brazilian President Ditmeyer said in greetings , “I would like to extend my warm congratulations on your re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and wish you much success in your new term.
我将继续推动巴中全面战略伙伴关系继续前进。	I will continue to push forward the comprehensive strategic partnership between Pakistan and China.”
文莱苏丹哈桑纳尔在贺函中表示，在阁下的英明领导下，中国经济发展取得卓越成就。	Brunei Sultan Hassannar said in his letter of greetings, “China's economic development has achieved remarkable achievements and
人民生活水平持续提高	people's living standards has been continulously improved
相信贵国将在实现中国梦的征程上不断取得进步，并为实现联合国可持续发展目标	under your wise leadership, I am confident that your country will continue to make progress towards the Chinese dream and contribute to the achievement of the United Nations
作出贡献	Sustainable Development goals.
阿富汗总统加尼在贺函中表示，阁下再次当选中共中央总书记，充分反映了中国共产党全体党员和中国人民	President of Afghanistan, Ghani said in his letter of greetings , “your re-election as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee has fully reflected that all CPC members and the Chinese people......
马尔代夫总统亚明在贺函中表示，中共十九大作出的重要决定将使阁下描绘的	Maldivian President Yaming said in his letter of greetings , “the important decisions made at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China will make the ......that you drew......,
不断发展	and continuous to develop.
发来贺电或贺函的还有	There are also congratulatory messages or greetings from:
约旦国王阿卜杜拉二世	King Abdullah of Jordan
黎巴嫩总统奥恩	President Aoun of Lebanon
阿尔巴尼亚总统梅塔	President Meta of Albania
波黑主席团轮值主席乔维奇	The chairman-in-office of the Bosnia and Herzegovina presidency, Covic
马来西亚国民阵线主席政府总理纳吉布	Chairman of Malaysia National Front and the Prime Minister Najib
巴布亚新几内亚人民全国代表大会党领袖政府总理奥尼尔	The leader of National People's Congress of Papua New Guinea and the prime Minister, O ' Neill
瓦努阿图统一运动改良党主席政府总理萨尔维	Chairman of the Vanuatu Unification Movement and the government prime minister, Salvai
格林纳达新民族党领袖政府总理米切尔	The leader of the new National Party of Grenada and the Prime Minister, Mitchell
黎巴嫩阿迈勒运动主席议长贝里等	Chairman of the Lebanese Amal Movement, Speaker Berri, etc.
十月三十号，第七十二届联合国大会负责裁军和国际安全事务的第一委员会会议通过两份决议。	October 30, two resolutions were adopted at the meeting of the First Committee in charge of Disarmament and International Security Affairs at the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly.
这两份决议分别是不首先在外空放置武器和防止外空军备竞赛进一步切实措施。	These two resolutions, "Prevention ofarms race in outer space" and "not to place weapons first in outer space",
促进和加强以和平为目的的外层空间国际合作	are to push forward and strengthen the international cooperation in outer space for the purpose of peace,
体现了国际社会的广泛认可，也彰显了中国方案对全球治理所做的重要贡献。	manifesting the wide recognition of international community and the significant contribution of China’s proposal made to the global governance.
因此，我们欢迎中国的理念。	Therefore, we welcome the concept of China.
第七十二届联大第一委员会主席阿鲁罗姆也强调，构建人类命运共同体理念	Arurom, president of the First Committee of the 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly also stressed that China's concept of "building a community of shared future for mankind" is
具有前瞻性	forward-looking and
是破解全球安全治理困境的有效办法，应该在多边领域加以推广。	effective in solve the dilemma of global security governance, and it should be promoted in the multilateral field.
下面请看一组国际快讯。	The international news bulletins are next.
在伊朗访问的俄罗斯总统普京一号分别与伊朗总统鲁哈尼和伊朗最高领袖哈梅内伊举行会晤。	Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Iran on November 1 to meet with Iran president Ruhani and Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
普京表示，俄罗斯反对任何改变伊朗核问题全面协议的单边行动。	Putin said that Russia opposed any unilateral action which might change the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action on Iran’s nuclear issues,
某些国家不承认这一多边协议的行为不可接受。	and it was unacceptable that some countries did not recognize the plan.
给伊核协议的履行带来了不确定性	It would bring more uncertainty to the implementation of the Iran’s nuclear plan.
在全球推进清洁发展、电网互联等十大行动，加快全球能源互联互通。	Push forward global clean development, power interconnection and other top ten initiatives to accelerate global energy interconnection.
公然的、大规模的、系统的侵犯，封锁给古巴带来了难以估量的损失	Embargo against Cuba is a "flagrant, massive and systematic" violation and has brought inestimable losses to Cuba.
当地时间一号傍晚，北京时间今天上午，美国科罗拉多州首府丹佛市郊区的一家沃尔玛超市	3 people were killed in a shooting at a Wal-Mart supermarket on the outskirts of Denver, the capital of Colorado State in the United States,
发生枪击，造成三人死亡	on the evening of November 1 local time, this morning Beijing time.
事发后警方疏散了超市内的人群，并在周边地区加强戒备。	After the incident, the police evacuated the crowd in the supermarket and stepped up their vigilance in the surrounding area.
当地警方称，一名嫌疑人在逃，警方已经展开搜寻行动。	Local police said a suspect was at large and the police had launched a search operation.
有关事件的性质，及枪手行凶动机	The nature of the incident and the motive of the gunman
仍在调查中	are still under investigation.
今天的新闻联播播送完了，感谢收看。	Tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast has concluded. Thank you for watching.
获取更多新闻资讯您还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可搜索	For more news updates, download our new mobile app. For the download address, search
央视新闻加，观众朋友再见	CCTV News plus, we’ll see you later
再见。	Goodbye.
各位观众晚上好。	Good evening, viewers.
晚上好。	Good evening.
今天是十一月三号星期五农历九月十五，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。	Today is Friday, November 3rd, and the 15th day of ninth month of the Lunar Calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
首先为您介绍今天节目的主要内容。	In tonight's program, we will cover the following main content.
习近平在视察军委联合作战指挥中心时强调，强化备战打仗的鲜明导向，全面提高新时代打赢能力。	President Xi, in his inspection of the JMC's Joint Operations Command center, stressed that “Strengthen the bright direction of war preparation, and comprehensively enhance winning ability of the new era”
习近平将出席亚太经合组织第二十五次领导人非正式会议，并对越南、老挝进行国事访问。	President Xi Jinping will attend the 25th APEC leaders’ informal meeting and pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos
受中共中央	Entrusted by CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping,
和习近平总书记委托，中共中央办公厅，中共中央对外联络部发表公告。	International Department of Central Committee of CPC and General Office of the CPC Central Committee deliver the publication.
李克强对全国冬春农田水利基本建设电视电话会议作出重要批示，汪洋出席会议并讲话。	Li Keqiang has made important instructions to the Winter and Spring Water Conservancy Infrastructure Teleconference. Wang Yang attended the meeting and delivered a speech.
李克强会见比尔盖茨。	Premier Li Keqiang meets with Bill Gates.
十二届全国人大常委会	The 12th session of the NPC Standing Committee
就历史上的排华行为，作出道歉。	Apologize for the Chinese Exclusion in history.
接下来请您收看详细内容。	Next, please watch the details.
中共中央总书记、国家主席、中央军委主席、军委联指总指挥习近平三号视察军委联合作战指挥中心，表明新一届军委贯彻落实党的十九大精神	Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the Military commission, chairman of the CMC, and commander of Joint Military Operations Command center inspected the CMC center on November 3, and said that the new Commission would carry out the spirit of 19th national congress,
推动全军各项工作向能打仗、打胜仗聚焦的鲜明态度	and promoted the distinct attitude to focusing all work of the army on the ability to fight and win.
习近平强调，实现党在新时代的强军目标、把人民军队全面建成世界一流军队，必须扭住能打仗、打胜仗	Xi Jinping stressed that to achieve the party's targets of strong military in the new era and to build a world-class military, we must grasp the key to be able to fight and win the war.
全军要认真学习贯彻党的十九大精神，深入学习贯彻新时代党的强军思想，贯彻新形势下	The entire army must conscientiously study and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party, thoroughly study and implement the party's idea of
军事战略方针，强化使命担当，强化改革创新，强化工作落实，全面提高新时代备战打仗能力，为实现两个一百年奋斗目标	strengthening the armed forces in the new era, implement the military strategic principles in new situations, strengthen the responsibilities of missions, strengthen the reforms and innovations, strengthen the implementation of work, and comprehensively improving the ability to prepare for the war in the new era, providing strategic support for achieving the two hundred-year goals and
实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦提供战略支撑	the Chinese dream to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
上午九时三十分时，习近平一身戎装来到军委联指中心大楼。	At 9:30 am, Xi Jinping in full military uniforms went to the Central building of the Committee of Central Military Commission.
习近平对我军备战打仗问题一直高度重视。	Xi Jinping has always attached great importance to the issue of war preparations of our military.
党的十九大闭幕后第二天，习近平主持第一次军委常务会议，就强调军委班子要推动全军各项工作向	On the second day after the conclusion of the 19th Party Congress, Xi Jinping presided over the first meeting of the Central Military Commission. He emphasized that the Military Commission should promote the work of the entire military.
习近平指出，军队是要准备打仗的，军委必须懂打仗、善谋略、会指挥。	Xi Jinping pointed out that the military must prepare for a war, and that the Central Military Commission must understand how to fight with good plan and commanding in the war.
军委工作一开始就要把备战打仗的指挥棒立起来	CMC should set up the baton for fight in the war at the beginning of the work.
今天到军委联指中心来，就是要亮明态度，从我做起，从军委做起，强化备战打仗导向。	To come to the CTC Central Committee today, it is to take a clear-cut attitude, starting from me and starting from the Central Military Commission, we must strengthen our work on war preparations.
提高打赢本领，抓实备战工作，带领我军真正做到能打仗、打胜仗，担当起党和人民赋予的新时代使命任务。	We must increase our ability to win, work hard to prepare for war, and lead our army to be able to fight and win the war, so as to bear the mission of the new era entrusted by the party and the people.
习近平逐一察看各个部位，详细询问有关情况，同值班人员深入交流。	Xi Jinping went over all the sites one by one, asked about relevant issues, and had in-depth exchanges with the people on duty.
去年四月，习近平曾专程视察这里。	In April last year, Xi Jinping made a special trip to inspect this place.
看到一年多来军委联指中心取得许多新进步，习近平十分高兴，勉励大家再接再厉，不断提高	Over the past year or so, the CMC Central Committee has made many new improvements. Xi Jinping was very pleased and encouraged everyone to continue to improve
联合作战指挥能力	his joint warfare command capability.
十时许，习近平在总指挥席就座。	At 10, Xi Jinping took a seat at the general command post,
通过视频呼点一线任务部队	called front task force through the video.
今年的温度已降到零下十二摄氏度，感觉还不是很冷。	This year's temperature dropped to minus 12 degrees Celsius, yet it was not very cold.
目前，能够满足过冬和执行各项任务的需要。	At present, it is able to meet the needs for the winter and for performing various tasks.
日常战备训练抓得如何？	How is the daily combat training?
相关保障工作搞得怎么样？	How is the related security work going on?
还有哪些实际困难？	What are the practical difficulties?
习近平问得很仔细。	Xi Jinping asked many details.
现在这个日常的战队训练，你们行不行。	How do you feel about such routine trainings for combat teams?
报告首级，我将常态保持战备，对空对海警戒雷达二十四小时开机，严密监视当天海空情况，制定完善应对行动方案。	I’d like to report to the Commander that we will always be ready for war, and the aircraft-warning radar and sea-warning radar will be available on a 7*24 basis in order to keep a close eye on the sky and sea and allow us to formulate improved response solutions.
经常性组织，反击将巡逻警查证等训练演练。	Trainings and drills in various aspects such as fighting back and patrol inspection were organized on a regular basis.
习近平叮嘱大家保持高度戒备，做好随时应对突发情况准备。	Xi Jinping urged them to exercise vigilance and be ready for responding to any emergency.
接着，习近平通过视频察看了驻吉布提保障基地。	Next, Xi Jinping checked the Djibouti-based Security Base via video.
该基地是我军第一个海外保障基地。	This base is the first overseas security base of the Chinese Navy.
建立了红橙黄绿四级警戒防卫体系，有八个应急分队随时待命，不定期组织战队拉动演练，坚决做到	A four-level (including red level, orange level, yellow level and green level) alerting and defense system was built and eight emergency response teams are always ready. Military drills were organized on an irregular basis in order to realize……
随后，习近平听取了全军练兵备战工作汇报，并发表重要讲话。	Then, Xi Jinping listened to a work report about troop training and war preparation of the whole army and delivered a keynote speech.
习近平充分肯定了党的十八大以来全军练兵备战取得的成绩。	Xi Jinping recognized and appreciated the great result of troop training and war preparation achieved by the whole army since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
他强调，我国正处在由大向强发展的关键阶段，前景十分光明，挑战也十分严峻。	He stressed that China is developing into a powerful country from a big country in this key stage. China has a promising future on one hand and is also facing severe challenges on the other hand.
中华民族伟大复兴绝不是轻轻松松、敲锣打鼓就能实现的。	It is impossible to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation simply by doing some easy works and having celebrations.
军事斗争是进行伟大斗争的重要方面，打赢能力是维护国家安全的战略能力。	Military struggle is an important aspect in fighting great battles, and the ability to win battles serves as a strategic ability required for safeguarding national security.
全军要强化忧患意识、危机意识、打仗意识，全部心思向打仗聚焦，各项工作向打仗用劲。	The whole military should strength awareness of hardship, awareness of crisis and awareness of war fighting, concentrate on fighting war and make every effort to prepare for war.
尽快把备战打仗能力搞上去	Improve the ability in war preparation and war fighting as soon as possible
要着力创新战争和作战筹划，紧跟战争形态和作战方式演变，紧贴作战任务、作战对手	Efforts should be made to fight innovative war and make preparation for war, keep up with evolution in war situation and method of war fighting,
作战环境，大兴作战问题研究之风	align with war tasks and opponents and arouse a trend of researching on war-related issues
要着力加强联合作战指挥体系和能力建设，解放思想，创新实践，加大工作力度，打造坚强高效的	Efforts should be made to improve construction of the commanding system and ability in joint operation, emancipate mind, make innovations in practice and work harder, build a strong and high-efficiency...
要着力深化实战化军事训练，坚持仗怎么打兵就怎么练，打仗需要什么就苦练什么。	Efforts should be made to deepen actual war-based military training and insist on the principle that military training should be performed completely based on requirements of actual war.
把官兵积极性、主动性	Enthusiasm, initiative and creativity of officers and soldiers should be given full play,
创造性充分激发出来，在全军兴起大抓军事训练热潮	and an upsurge of military training should be aroused in the whole army
习近平强调，全军各级领导干部特别是高级干部要做备战打仗带头人。	Xi Jinping stressed that leading cadres at all levels, especially high-ranking cadres, should play a leading role in war preparation and war fighting.
要树立正确的事业观、权力观、地位观，树牢备战打仗意识。	It is necessary to establish proper outlook on career, outlook on power and outlook on position and strengthen their awareness in war preparation and war fighting.
中共中央政治局委员、中央军委副主席张又侠，中央军委委员魏凤和、李作成、苗华、张升民参加活动。	Zhang Youxia, Member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC and Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission, as well as Wei Fenghe, Li Zuocheng, Miao Hua and Zhang Shengmin, Members of the Central Military Commission, participated in the activity.
本台消息	According to reports,
第二十五次领导人非正式会议	Twenty-fifth Informal Leaders Meeting
应越南共产党中央委员会总书记阮富仲、越南社会主义共和国主席陈大光、老挝人民革命党中央委员会总书记、老挝人民民主共和国主席本扬邀请。	Invited by Nguyen Phu Trong, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Trn i Quang, the Chairman of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, and Boungnang, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and Chairman of the Lao People's Democratic Republic,
中共中央总书记、国家主席习近平将于十一月十二日至十四日对越南、老挝进行国事访问。	General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Vietnam and Laos from November 12 to 14.
外交部三号举行中外媒体吹风会	The Foreign Ministry held a briefing for Chinese and foreign media on the 3rd.
外交部、商务部有关负责人介绍习近平总书记、国家主席即将赴越南岘港。	The relevent officials from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Commerce announced that General Secretary and President Xi Jinping planned to visit Vietnam.
并发表主旨演讲，出席两个阶段领导人非正式会议和工作午宴，出席APEC领导人与东盟领导人对话会	He will deliver a keynote speech, attend informal leaders meetings and working lunches in two stages, and attend a dialogue between APEC leaders and ASEAN leaders,
出席APEC领导人与APEC工商咨询理事会代表对话会，并将会见有关经济体领导人。	attend the dialogue between APEC leaders and representatives of the APEC Business Advisory Council, and will meet leaders of relevant economies.
会议共识将反映在会后发表的领导人宣言中。	The consensus reached in the meeting will be reflected in the declaration of leaders issued after the meeting.
三是共同勾画未来合作新愿景。	The third agenda is to jointly draw a new vision for future cooperation.
四是共同推动贸易畅通、北京会议成果落实、亚太自贸区建设取得新进展。	The fourth agenda is to jointly promote the smooth flow of trade and the implementation of the resolutions of the Beijing Conference, as well as push forward the creation of the Asia Pacific Free Trade Area.
中方将继续同各方一道，推动亚太经济合作稳定向前发展，促进亚太和世界的发展繁荣。	China will continue to work with all parties to promote the steady development of economic cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region and promote the development and prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region and the world.
中国党和国家最高领导人首次出访， 将开启新时代中国特色周边外交新境界。	The first visit of the top leader of Chinese CP and the country will open a new chapter of peripheral diplomacy with Chinese characteristics in a new era.
访越期间	During his visits to Vietnam,
习近平总书记、国家主席将同阮富仲总书记、陈大光主席、阮春福总理和阮氏金银国会主席	General Secretary and President Xi Jinping will hold talks with General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong, Chairman Trn i Quang, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and Congress chairwoman Nguy n Th Kim Ngan
分别举行会谈会见	separately.
就深化中越两党两国关系和各领域务实合作及共同关心的地区和国际问题等深入交换意见。	They will have in-depth discussions on relations between the two parties and countries, pragmatic cooperation in various fields, as well as regional and international issues of common interest.
两党两国领导人还将共同出席中方援建老方的民生项目奠基仪式。	The leaders of the two parties and countries will also jointly attend the groundbreaking ceremony for a Chinese aid project related to the livelihood of Lao people.
中越、中老关系发展，以及中国同东南亚国家的互利共赢合作带来新机遇，注入新动力	The development of Sino-Vietnam and Sino-Laos relations and the mutually beneficial and win-win cooperation between China and Southeast Asian countries have brought new opportunities and injected new impetus.
本台消息	According to reports,
在中国共产党召开第十九次全国代表大会期间和习近平同志当选为中共中央总书记后，许多国家政党、政府	During the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party and after Comrade Xi Jinping was elected General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, many political parties and governments of foreign countries,
国际组织、民间团体及其领导人，驻华使节、友好人士以及旅居国外的华侨华人，香港特别行政区同胞、澳门特别行政区同胞和台湾同胞	international organizations, non-governmental organizations and their leaders, diplomatic envoys in China, international friends, overseas Chinese, and compatriots from the Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan
向大会、向中共中央、向新当选领导人发来贺电贺函，表示热烈祝贺和良好祝愿	sent congratulatory messages to the General Assembly, CPC Central Committee, and newly elected leaders, expressing warm congratulations and best wishes.
中共中央办公厅、中共中央对外联络部受中共中央和习近平总书记的委托	The General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the International Department of CPC Central Committee were entrusted by the CPC Central Committee and General Secretary Xi Jinping
谨表示衷心的感谢	to express sincere thanks.
加强农田水利基本建设，是深化农业供给侧结构性改革、实现强农惠农富农的迫切要求和基础保障。	Intensifying the basic construction for farmland water conservancy is an urgent requirement and basic guarantee for deepening the structural reform of the agricultural supply side as well as realizing the goal of empowering and enriching peasants.
党的十八大以来，各地区、各有关部门认真贯彻党中央、国务院决策部署，扎实推进农田水利基本建设并取得显著成效。	Since the party’s 18th National Congress, all regions and relevant departments have conscientiously implemented the decisions and policies of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council, have made solid progress in improving water conservancy for farmland and have achieved remarkable results.
为实现农业连年丰收、农民持续增收、农村经济社会健康发展提供了强有力的基础支撑。	This has laid a solid foundation for maintaining good harvest year after year, continuously increasing farmers' income, and sustaining healthy economic and social development in rural areas.
望深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，以习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想为指导	It is imperative to study in depth and implement the spirit of the Nineteen National Congress of the CPC, and take guidance from Xi Jinping's socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era
加快完善水利基础设施网络和水治理制度体系，着力补上水利建设短板，进一步提高农业综合生产能力。	in a bid to accelerate improvement of the water conservancy infrastructure network and water governance system, and to make efforts to fill the gap in water conservancy, and further increase the comprehensive agricultural production capacity.
防灾减灾能力和节约利用水资源的能力，为促进现代农业发展、决胜全面建成小康社会作出新贡献。	We must improve the disaster prevention and mitigation capabilities as well as the capability to conserve and better use water resources in order to make new contributions to the development of modern agricultural and to the cause of building a well-off society.
中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理汪洋出席会议并讲话。	Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended the meeting and delivered a speech.
他强调，全国冬春农田水利基本建设电视电话会议是党的十九大以后	He stressed that the video and telephone conference for the construction of farmland water conservancy infrastructure in the winter and spring was held after the party’s 19th National Congress
做出了部署	and made the arrangement.
国务院总理李克强三号上午在中南海紫光阁会见美国泰拉能源公司董事长、微软公司创始人	Premier of the State Council Li Keqiang met with TerraPower Chairman and Microsoft Founder Bill Gates on the morning of the 3rd at Tower of Violet Light, Zhongnanhai
集众智、聚众力，以国际合作促进技术颠覆性发展，并实现共享，更好造福人类。	Gather the wisdom and power of the people, leverage international cooperation to drive disruptive advancement in technology, and achieve sharing for the better benefit of humanity.
比尔盖茨表示，新一代核能对人类未来能源技术发展非常重要，我们珍视同中国企业的合作	Bill Gates said that next-generation nuclear power is of great significance to the development of future energy technology. We cherish cooperation with Chinese enterprises
十二届全国人大常委会第一百零三次委员长会议三号下午在北京人民大会堂举行，张德江委员长主持会议。	The 103rd meeting of the Council of Chairmen of the 12th NPC Standing Committee of the PRC was held on the afternoon of the 3rd in Beijing at the Great Hall of the People. Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the meeting.
会议听取了全国人大法律委员会主任委员乔晓阳作的关于反不正当竞争法等三个法律修订草案审议稿修改意见的报告。	The meeting members heard the report of the director of the National People's Congress Law Committee, Qiao Xiaoyang, on the opinion as regards the deliberative draft to the revision of the draft amendment for three laws including the Law Against Unfair Competition.
关于刑法修正案十草案审议结果的报告、关于会计法等十一部法律的修正案草案审议结果的报告。	The report on the outcome of the deliberation on the draft of Amendment (X) to the Criminal Law, and the report on the outcome of the deliberation on the draft amendment of 11 laws including the Accounting Law.
全国性法律的决定草案情况的汇报	Report on the status of the draft decision of national laws
会议听取了全国人大外事委员会主任委员傅莹作的关于审议有关涉外条约的情况及决定草案代拟稿的汇报。	The meeting members heard the report of the director of the National People's Congress Foreign Affairs Committee, Fu Ying, on the status of deliberation on relevant foreign treaties and decision draft.
外事委员会、农业与农村委员会等四个专门委员会分别提出的代表议案审议结果报告情况的汇报	Report on the status of the report on the outcome of the deliberation on delegate motions separately proposed by four special committees including the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee
关于审议个别代表的代表资格的报告和任免案情况的汇报等	Report on the deliberation of the representative capacity of individual representatives and report on the state of the appointment and removal case, among others
委员长会议确定，根据常委会会议的审议意见，对上述议案和草案作进一步审议修改后	The Council of Chairmen confirmed that, pursuant to the deliberation opinion of the Standing Committee meeting, upon further deliberation on and amendments of the aforesaid motions and drafts
提交第一百零四次委员长会议决定是否交付十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议闭幕会表决。	A submission shall be made to the 104th Council of Chairmen to decide whether it shall be handed over for a vote at the closing ceremony of the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee of the PRC.
做了宣讲报告	Presented a report
王晓晖在报告中系统归纳了过去五年取得的历史性成就和发生的历史性变革。	In his report, Wang Xiaohui systematically summarized the historic achievements and historical changes that have taken place in the past five years.
深刻阐述了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的时代背景、核心要义、创新观点和重大贡献，阐述了中国特色社会主义	He expounds on the times, background, core essentials, innovative ideas and major contributions of Xi Jinping’s socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics of the new era, elaborates on socialism with Chinese characteristics,
并以超凡的魄力和顽强的斗争精神，攻坚克难	and on how the CPC has overcome countless difficulties with extraordinary courage and tenacity.
报告运用生动鲜活的数据、案例，系统透彻、深入浅出，在现场听众中引起强烈反响。	The report uses vivid data and cases to get the message across in a systematic and easy-to-understand manner, triggering strong resonance among the audience.
大家表示	Many representatives expressed their resolve
要按照中央的要求，深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，在政治上思想上行动上与以习近平同志为核心的党中央	to study and implement the spirit of the Nineteenth National Congress of CPC as required by the CPC Central Committee, to keep in line with the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core,
保持高度一致，把党的十九大精神和各项目标任务切实转化为共同认识和坚定行动。	and turn the spirit of the Nineteenth Congress and the goals into a common understanding and firm action.
今天的这个报告让我们对十九大精神，对习近平的新时代中国特色社会主义思想它的精神实质	Today's report gives us deeper understanding of the spirit of the Nineteenth Congress and the spiritual essence of Xi Jinping’s socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics
深刻内涵，包括这个形成的过程，我觉得都有一个更深刻的了解。	including the process of its formation.
报告会由中央国家机关工委常务副书记李志勇主持	The report was hosted by Li Zhiyong, deputy secretary of the working committee of the Central State Organs.
在京党政军机关干部、中央企业负责人、高校有关负责人和高校师生、理论工作者和各界群众代表，约三千人参加报告会。	About 3,000 people, including party and government cadres stationed in Beijing, officials from central enterprises, relevant responsible persons in colleges and universities, teachers and students from colleges, theorists and people from all walks of life took part in the report meeting.
做好宣讲，让全社会形成共识，形成更好的思想基础。	Good presentation helps the whole society to reach a consensus and form a better ideological foundation.
本台消息，新华社今天播发把个人理想追求融入国家和民族事业中，广大知识分子和青年学生党员掀起学习贯彻党的十九大精神	According to reports, Xinhua News Agency broadcast an editorial today calling for the integration of personal ideals into national causes, arousing a wave of enthusiasm among intellectuals and young CPC members in colleges in studying and implementing the spirit of the Nineth Congress of CPC.
近日，住建部会同人民银行、银监会联合部署规范购房融资行为，加强房地产领域反洗钱工作。	In recent days, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, together with the People's Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission, have jointly made arrangement for regulating the home financing, in a bid to intensify the anti-money laundry effort in real estate industry.
要求各地加大力度查处违规提供购房融资的行为。	All localities are required to intensify efforts to investigate and punish the practice of providing illegal home financing,
加大对首付资金来源和借款人收入证明真实性的审核力度等。	and intensify the scrutiny of the source of down payment funds and the authenticity of the borrower’s income proof.
今天，民政部在京发放全国首张	Today, the Ministry of Civil Affairs issued the first
基层群众性自治组织特别法人统一社会信用代码证书。	Unified Social Credit Code certificate for the special legal person, a grassroots autonomous organization in Beijing.
有了这个代码，村委会和居委会将可以开设银行账户	With this code, village committees and neighborhood committees will be able to open bank accounts,
独立开展为履行职能所需的民事活动，拓展城乡社区的公益服务功能	independently carry out civil activities to perform its functions, and expand public service for urban and rural communities.
能以每小时六千立方米的速度将海沙、深海岩石粉碎吸出并排放到最远十五公里外的海域。	It can smash and suck in sea sand and deep sea rocks at a speed of 6,000 cubic meters per hour, and then discharge the particles to a location on the sea up to 15 kilometers away.
二零一七中国农机手大赛今天进行决赛，全国的五千二百多万名农机手通过层层选拔	The finals of 2017 China Agricultural Machine Operators Contest took place today. More than 52 million agricultural machine operators participated in the contest. After several rounds of competition,
最后十名选手闯入决赛。	only 10 operators were qualified for the finales.
目前，我国主要粮食作物农业机械化率已经超过百分之八十，农业生产进入机械化为主的新阶段。	At present, the agricultural mechanization rate of China's main food crops has exceeded 80%, and the agricultural production has entered a new stage featuring a high level of mechanization.
走私可卡因系列案，孙某某团伙涉美走私新精神活性物质案和王某某团伙	A string of major drug trafficking cases have been solved, including the smuggling of new psychoactive substances to the United States by Sun's gang, and the
制贩、走私阿尔法P. V. P. 等重特大毒品案件。	production and smuggling of Alpha P. V. P. by Wang's gang.
今天，中国气候变化事务特别代表、全国政协人口资源环境委员会副主任解振华	Today, Xie Zhenhua, China's Special Representative of Climate Change Affairs and Deputy Director of the Population Resources and Environment Committee of the National Committee of the CPPCC
将其获得的吕志和奖，持续发展奖两千万港币奖金全部捐赠给清华大学教育基金会。	donated all the prize money he has received from the Lv Zhihe Award and the Sustaining Development Award of HK$20 million to the Tsinghua University Education Foundation.
设立全球气候变化和绿色发展基金。	The money will be used to establish a global climate change and green development fund.
受较强冷空气影响，今天，山东多地气温大幅下降，早上泰山出现降雪。	Affected by a stronger cold front, temperatures in many parts of Shandong Province have fallen sharply, and snowfall occurred on Mount Tai in the morning.
与北方的降温相比，南方部分地区的大雾麻烦不小，重庆今天早晨的大雾一度严重影响交通。	Compared with the temperature drop in the north, the heavy fog in some parts of the South China region has created a lot of troubles, paralyzing traffic in Chongqing this morning.
一号到三号，习近平总书记特使、中联部部长宋涛访问越南和老挝，通报中共十九大情况。	On the 1st to the 3rd, Song Tao, the Special Envoy of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the head of the International Department of CPC Central Committee, visited Vietnam and Laos. Among his agendas was to brief others on the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party.
宋涛分别会见了越共中央总书记阮富仲和老挝人革党中央总书记、国家主席本扬，向他们转达了习近平总书记的口信	Song Tao met with Nguyen Phu Trong, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, and Boungnang, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and Chairman of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, conveying to them the message of General Secretary Xi Jinping.
表示在中共十九大精神指引下，中国共产党和人民将为推动建设新型国际关系	Under the guidance of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the Chinese Communist Party and the people will promote the building of a new type of international relations,
构建人类命运共同体作出新的更大贡献	in a bid to make new and greater contribution to the cause of constructing a community of destiny for human being.
越方和老方领导人均高度关注和评价中共十九大的重大意义和成就。	Both the leaders of Vietnam and Laos paid close attention to and evaluated the great significance and achievements of the 19th CPC National Congress.
中国新疆文化交流团近日先后访问美国和加拿大，与当地学界、媒体界人士和华侨华人等举行多场座谈会	The Xinjiang Cultural Exchange Delegation has visited the United States and Canada in recent days. During their stay in the two countries, they held several forums with local academics, media professionals and overseas Chinese,
就新疆的教育、就业和人权等话题进行深入交流。	conducting in-depth exchanges on topics such as education, employment, and human rights in Xinjiang.
当地各界人士表示，通过与代表团深入沟通	Local people from all walks of life said that through in-depth communication with the delegation
进一步了解了中国的民族宗教政策，以及新疆的经济社会等各方面发展状况。	they gained better understanding of China's ethnic and religious policies as well as economic and social developments in Xinjiang.
对于推动中国与美国和加拿大各领域的交流，增进民间了解、互信与友好具有积极意义	This visit has great significance in promoting exchanges between China, the U.S., and Canada in various fields and promoting understanding, trust and friendship among the people.
接下来请您收看一组国际快讯。	Next is some international news.
加拿大不列颠哥伦比亚省最大城市温哥华市的市议会一号一致同意，就历史上的排华行为作出道歉	The City Council of Vancouver, the largest city in British Columbia, Canada, unanimously agreed to make an apology for the past mistake of discrimination against Chinese immigrants.
正式道歉仪式将于二零一八年四月举行。	The official apology ceremony will be held in April 2018.
华人为加拿大经济社会发展作出巨大贡献，十九世纪中期	Chinese immigrants made great contributions to the economic and social development of Canada during mid-19th century.
之前，加拿大政府及不列颠哥伦比亚省议会曾先后就歧视华人的历史行为作出道歉。	In the past, the Canadian government and the British Columbia Provincial Assembly had apologized for the past mistakes of discrimination against Chinese immigrants.
展开猛烈空袭。	Launched violent air raids.
与此同时，叙政府军也在代尔祖尔市附近的边境重镇阿布卡迈勒	At the same time, Syrian government forces also mounted a ground attack in Abu Kamel, a border town near Deir ez-Zor,
展开地面进攻，阿布卡迈勒是极端组织在叙利亚的最后一个主要据点	which is the last major base of extremist organizations in Syria.
今年九月初	In the early September of this year,
叙政府军攻入代尔祖尔市，解除了极端组织对该市长达三年的围困。	Syrian government forces entered the city of Deir ez-Zor and lifted the 3-year-old siege by the extremist organization.
西班牙国家法院大法官拉梅拉二号宣布，以煽动叛乱、叛国和挪用公款等罪名将九名加泰罗尼亚自治区的独立派前高官暂时关押。	On the 2nd, Lamela, the Chief Justice of the Spanish National Court, announced the decision to temporarily imprison nine independent high-ranking officials of the Catalonia Autonomous Region for inciting rebellion, treason, and misappropriation of public funds.
加区议会十月二十七号日单方面宣布独立	The District Council of Catalonia Autonomous Region unilaterally declared independence on October 27.
西班牙中央政府随后宣布全面接管加区地方政府权力。	The Central Government of Spain subsequently announced the full takeover of local government power in Catalonia.
据英国国家统计局公布称，今年九月英国通胀率为百分之三，大大高于央行设定的百分之二的目标。	According to the British National Bureau of Statistics, the British inflation rate was 3% in September this year, which is much higher than the 2% target set by the central bank.
市场此前对英国货币政策调整预期强烈。	The market had strongly expected adjustments to UK monetary policy.
去年八月，英国央行在脱欧公投后决定将利率降至百分之零点二五的历史低位。	In August last year, after the Brexit vote, the Central Bank of UK decided to cut interest rates to a record low of 0.25%.
会伤及中产阶级利益，而让大企业和富人获益，因此该议案在讨论阶段将受到民主党的猛烈攻击。	As the move will hurt the interests of the middle class and benefit large companies and the rich, the bill will be violently attacked by the Democratic Party at the discussion stage.
今天的新闻联播播送完了，感谢收看。	Tonight's Xinwen Lianbo broadcast has concluded. Thank you for watching.
获取更多新闻资讯您还可以关注央视新闻移动网，下载地址可搜索央视新闻加。	For more news updates, you may also refer to the CCTV news mobile website. Search CCTV for the address to download the mobile app.
各位观众晚上好。	Good evening, viewers.
晚上好。	Good evening.
今天是十一月四号星期六，农历九月十六，欢迎收看新闻联播节目。	Today is November 4, a Saturday, and the 16th day of the ninth month of the Lunar Calendar. Welcome to Xinwen Lianbo.
今天节目的主要内容有	In tonight's program, we cover
习近平签署第七十七号、七十八号、七十九号、八十号、八十一号、八十二号国家主席令。	Xi Jinping signed Executive Orders #77, #78, #79, #80, #81 and #82.
党的十九大文件及学习辅导读物少数民族文字版	Guidance Books for learning the spirit of the Nineteen Congress of CPC in ethnic minority languages.
本台消息，国家主席习近平四号签署了第七十七号、七十八号、七十九号、八十号、八十一号	According to reports, President Xi Jinping signed Executive Orders #77, #78, #79, #80, #81
和八十二号主席令	and #82
第七十七号主席令说，《中华人民共和国反不正当竞争法》已由中华人民共和国第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会	Executive Order #77, entitled the "Law of People's Republic of China Against Unfair Competition”, was amended and passed by the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee
第三十次会议于二零一七年十一月四日修订通过，现将修订后的《中华人民共和国反不正当竞争法》公布	on November 4, 2017. The revised Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China is now promulgated
自二零一八年一月一日起施行。	and will enter into force on January 1, 2018.
于二零一七年十一月四日通过，现予公布，自二零一八年一月一日起施行。	was passed on November 4, 2017, and is hereby made public, and will enter into force on January 1, 2018.
第八十号主席令说，《中华人民共和国刑法修正案（十）》已由中华人民共和国第十二届全国人民代表大会常务委员会第三十次会议	Executive Order #80, entitled the "Amendment (X) to the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China", was passed by the 30th meeting of the 12th NPC Standing Committee
于二零一七年十一月四日通过，现予公布，自公布之日起施行。	on November 4, 2017, of the PRC, and is hereby made public, and will enter into force with immediate effect.
自二零一七年十一月五日起施行。	It will be implemented with effect from November 15, 2017.
习近平同志二零一七年十月十八日，在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上所做的报告，决胜全面建成小康社会	Comrade Xi Jinping delivered a report to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China on October 18, 2017, securing a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
蒙古、藏、维吾尔、哈萨克、朝鲜、彝、壮等七种少数民族文字版，已由中国民族语文翻译局翻译	This report has been translated into seven ethic minority languages including the Mongolian, Tibetan, Uygur, Kazak, Korean, and Zhuang by the China Ethnic Languages Translation Bureau.
少数民族文字版也将于近期出版发行	Ethic minority scripts will also be published in the near future.
已经达到三千七百零七万册。	Has reached 37.07 million volume.
在北京图书大厦最显著的位置，设立了十九大文件及学习辅导读物专柜，集中展示党的十九大报告单行本	Meanwhile, a special bookcase has been set up in the most eye-catching position of Beijing Library Building, displaying intensively the 19th CPC National Congress documents and related readings as well as references, including the offprint of the 19th CPC National Congress Report,
《中国共产党章程》单行本、 党的《十九大报告学习辅导百问》，《十九大党章修正案学习问答》 等各类十九大文件和学习辅导读物。	the offprint of the Constitution of the Communist Party of China, 100 Q&A about the 19th CPC National Congress Report, and Q&A about the Constitution of the Communist Party of China Amended and Adopted at the 19th CPC National Congress.
我们	In just one week,
专柜设立一周的时间，我们现在的所有的文件还有相关辅导销售已经突破十五万册。	the sales of all showcased documents, readings and references have exceeded 150,000 copies.
读者购买的热情非常得高涨党的十九大是我党历史上的一次重要的会议，习近平总书记的报告非常的震撼人心，给中国的老百姓带来好多这个福音，专门买了一本这个十九大的学习辅导百问，认真再学习学习。	Readers’ enthusiasm has been unprecedentedly high. The 19th CPC National Congress was a meeting of great importance in the history of Chinese Communist Party. The report delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the meeting was really impressive and stirring. Inspired by the varied good news and favorable prospects conveyed in the report, many readers also bought the100 Q&A about the 19th CPC National Congress Report for reference, in hopes of comprehending thoroughly the spirit of the meeting,
进一步领会习近平总书记， 对于我国未来的宏伟的蓝图的规划	and further exploring the magnificent blueprint for the future of our country.
目前全国各地的新华书店和各大书城都设立了十九大文件及学习辅导读物专柜专架。	So far, Xinhua Bookstores and book malls across the country all have a special bookcase for the exhibition and showcase of the 19th CPC National Congress documents and related readings as well as references
方便读者学习购买，引领广大党员干部群众更详细了解新时代新思想，在全社会形成学习十九大精神的良好氛围。	convenient for readers to access these materials, for party members and cadres to understand the new era and new ideas in more details, and favorable for creating an admirable atmosphere of learning the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress in the whole society.
十九大报告，我们老百姓那	For reports delivered during the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we feel…
写入了我们的党章，这是我们党我们国家一件大事情，我们相信我们的生活会越来越好。	written into the party constitution amended at the 19th CPC National Congress, a great deed for our party and the whole nation, we are confident that our life will get better and better.
此外，为帮助广大农民群众学习领会党的十九大精神	In addition, in order to help the broad masses of peasants to learn and understand the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress,
新闻出版广电部门还把十九大文件和学习辅导读物配送到农家书屋，依托农家书屋平台	the administration of radio, film and television of each province have also delivered documents and related readings as well as references of the 19th CPC National Congress to the rural library
觉得对我们农民的生活确实有了一个很好的前景。	I feel that life of farmers has a promising future.
在移动互联网上，人民出版社把相关读物的电子书	Meanwhile, the People's Publishing House also have uploaded the e-book of related readings
上传到党员小书包客户端， 与纸质书同步上线， 方便快捷的手机客户端。	to its mobile App, and went live at the same time as the printed book,
让基层党组织和广大群众随时随地都可以学习党的十九大精神。	so that primary party organizations and broad masses can study the content and spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress at any time anywhere.
非常的便捷，能够让那个全国的广大党员干部群众在第一时间可以阅读到我们的最权威的读本，我们的报告和我们的辅导材料。	Through the mobile App, the broad party members, cadres, and masse around the country can have access to our most authoritative readings, reports and related references up to the minute.
十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议四号下午在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕会，张德江委员长主持闭幕会。	The 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress was concluded at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on the afternoon of November 4. Chairman Zhang Dejiang presided over the final sitting.
会议经表决，通过了新修订的反不正当竞争法、新修订的标准化法、公共图书馆法	The newly amended Anti-Unfair Competition Law, newly amended Standardization Law, Public Library Law, Amendment X to the Criminal Law, and Decision on Amending Eleven Laws including the Accounting Law
刑法修正案十、关于修改会计法等十一部法律的决定	were passed in the session vote.
决定免去郭声琨兼任的公安部部长职务。	Guo Shengkun was removed from the concurrent post as Minister of Public Security.
关于延长授权国务院在北京市大兴区等三十三个试点县、市、区行政区域暂时调整实施有关法律规定期限的决定。	A decision was taken on extending the period of authorizing the State Council to temporarily adjust and implement relevant legal provisions in 33 pilot counties, cities, and districts including Daxing District of Beijing,
会议表决通过了关于批准《中国和亚美尼亚关于刑事司法协助的条约》的决定、关于批准中国和埃塞俄比亚关于民事	approving the Treaties between China and Armenia on Judicial Assistance in Criminal Cases,
和商事司法协助的条约的决定	approving the Treaties between China and Ethiopia on Civil and Commercial Judicial Assistance, and
关于第十二届全国人大五次会议主席团交付审议的代表提出的议案审议结果的报告	a report on the deliberative results of bills submitted for deliberation by the Presidium of the 5th Session of the 12th National People's Congress passed in a vote.
会议表决通过了全国人大常委会代表资格审查委员会关于个别代表的代表资格的报告。	The report of the Credentials Committee of the NPC Standing Committee on the qualification of individual representative was passed in a vote.
会议还表决了其他任免案。	Besides, other cases of appointment and removal were also passed in a vote.
在完成各项表决事项后，张德江作了讲话，总结了本次常委会会议所完成的各项工作。	After all voting-related matters were completed, Chairman Zhang Dejiang made a summary speech on the work accomplished in this standing committee session.
随后，张德江就全国人大常委会深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神提出要求，他强调，要在学懂弄通做实上下功夫。	Afterwards, Zhang Dejiang made his request for an in-depth study and implementation of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress. He stressed that the Standing Committee of NPC should make efforts to learn, comprehend, and implement the requirements of the 19th CPC National Congress,
努力开创人大工作新局面，一要深刻领会党中央集中统一领导是党的领导的最高原则	and strive to create a new dimension in the work of NPC. To achieve this, it should, on one hand, understand that the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee was the supreme principle of the party's leadership
坚定坚持以习近平同志为核心的党中央集中统一领导，二要深刻领会习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想	and unswervingly adhere to the centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core. On the other hand, it should comprehend thoroughly The Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era proposed by Xi Jinping.
刚刚闭幕的十二届全国人大常委会第三十次会议决定任命赵克志为公安部部长。	Zhao Kezhi was appointed as the Minister of Public Security in the recently concluded 30th Session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress.
全国人大机关、公安部有关负责同志参加了宣誓活动。	Responsible comrades of the National people's Congress and the Ministry of Public Security took part in the swearing-in.
解读十九大精神，江西高安通过十九大精神知识竞答，让群众直观地领会精神实质。	To interpret the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the people in Jiangxi Gao'an developed an intuitive understanding of the spirit and essence of the 19th CPC National Congress through a knowledge contest.
福建省组建起十九大精神宣讲轻骑兵，深入到田间地头、海边渔村，用本地话、普通话宣讲十九大精神。	In Fujian Province, a light cavalry team of propaganda was organized and established, going down to countryside fields and seaside fishing villages to propagate the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress in both local dialect and mandarin,
现场为群众解疑释惑，我们究竟是不是有有什么办法，能够做到真正能让他真正地脱贫，党的十九大报告里面总书记也提出了六个精准，无法脱贫的我们政府啊可以低保等兜底。	to answer questions and resolve doubts for local villagers on the spot, and brainstorm on how to help the grass-roots get rid of poverty. In the 19th CPC National Congress report, General Secretary proposed Six Precisions and emphasized ensuring the basic life needs of a group of poor people through social security.
在河北乡村，小马扎宣讲小分队	In the villages of Hebei Province, campstool propaganda teams composed of more than 36,000 party members and cadres were formed,
三万六千多名党员干部，通过大走访的形式，把十九大精神带进了乡村、社区、 企业、学校。	paying group visits to and bringing the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress into villages, communities, enterprises and schools.
广西玉林启动万名干部进万家活动	In Yulin of Guangxi Province, over ten thousand of party cadres participated in the activity of walking into the house of grass-roots.
当地妇联请来党校教师， 把十九大报告中村民们特别关注的内容，通俗地讲给他们听。	Local Women's Federation invited teachers from party schools to explain to local villagers the contents they were particularly concerned about in the 19th CPC National Congress report in a plain manner.
企业的主要任务和责任担当；	As for the main tasks and responsibilities of enterprises
在西北有色金属研究院，专家结合实际，重点阐述的是如何建设现代化经济体系；	in the Northwest Institute for Non-ferrous Metals Research, experts were focused on how to build a modern economic system on the basis of the current situation.
在四川成都的环保发电厂施工现场，成都理工大学环境学院的专家，给工人们宣讲的内容	At the construction site of the eco-friendly power station in Chengdu, Sichuan, experts from the Chengdu University of Technology College of Environment and Civil Engineering are explaining to the workers
是报告中推进绿色发展，建设美丽中国的内容。	a section in the report about about advancing green development and building a beautiful China.
现在反正蓝天白云，白云的日子，比前几年多了。那么在十九大报告中，我们也提出呢就是要	White clouds dot a blue sky now. There are more days with white clouds than that of a few years ago. So, in the 19th CPC National Congress, we have also proposed to win
打赢这个呃蓝天保卫战，成都已建成的三座环保发电项目日处理垃圾达六千吨	the war to protect our blue skies. Chengdu has completed the construction of three eco-friendly power generation projects, with daily waste treatment capacity of 6000 tonnes.
发电量可满足近七十五万户家庭用电需要，每年节约二十五万吨煤。	The power generated would meet the demand of nearly 750,000 households, and save 250,000 tonnes of coal.
习总书记十九大上所做的报告，都说到老百姓的心坎里面去了	The report delivered by General Secretary Xi in the 19th CPC National Congress has truly struck a chord in the hearts of our people.
习总书记讲话，我仔细地看，想人民这两个字，是二百零三次，讲到了文化发	I have listened carefully to the report and noticed that our people have been mentioned 203 times, and cultural development 72 times by General Secretary Xi.
展是七十二次，对推行中国梦，推行社会主义文化素质整体的发展做了一个全面的部署和推进。	Meanwhile, the report has mapped out a comprehensive plan to advance Chinese Dream and the overall development of socialist cultural quality.
刚刚从山东演出回来，十九大代表、天津市青年京剧团团长孟广禄	After coming back from his performance in Shandong, Meng Guanglu, the delegate to the 19th CPC National Congress and head of Tianjin Youth Peking Opera Troupe
组织全团宣讲十九大精神	organized his entire troupe to learn the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.
扎根于人民，为人民服务，我们更应该出来好的作品，更要从思想到灵魂跟中央保持一致，讴歌我们社会主义	We should take root among the masses and serve the people, we should come up with fine works and align with the central government from thought to soul. Eulogizing our socialist
文化自信对，不光是对于我们文化人来说，对整个中国人民的这种文化自信，是多么的重要。	cultural confidence is of great significance not only to the cultural confidence of our cultural workers but also to the entire Chinese people.
党的十九大报告指出	The report of the 19th CPC National Congress points out,
推动优秀传统文化创造性转化、创新性发展， 继承革命文化，发展社会主义先进文化，不忘本来、吸收外来、面向未来	we must promote the creative evolution and development of fine traditional Chinese culture, see our revolutionary culture remains alive and strong, and develop an advanced socialist culture. We should cherish our cultural roots, draw on other cultures, and be forward-thinking.
更好构筑中国精神、中国价值、中国力量，为人民提供精神指引。	We should do more to foster a Chinese spirit, Chinese values, and Chinese strength in order to provide a source of cultural and moral guidance for our people.
十九大代表、中央芭蕾舞团的首席演员张剑，开完大会的第二天	The day after the Congress was concluded, Zhang Jian, a delegate of the 19th CPC National Congress and prima ballerina of the National Ballet of China,
就踏上了去基层演出的路程。	left on a tour to perform at the grassroots level.
这次演出的剧目是民族芭蕾舞剧《红色娘子军》，问世五十多年来，《红色娘子军》已演出四千多场，深受观众喜爱。	She will perform in the folk ballet, “Red Detachment of Women”, which premiered more than 50 years ago, and has been staged more than 4,000 times.
我们也是努力	We have been making efforts.
那在未来的五年当中应该还有不断以创作， 我们民族的作品，特别社会主义这样的一个新时代的人文精神	So in the following five years, we should continue to create works that belong to our nation and which reflect the humanistic spirit of the socialism for a new era.
那我们应该把这样的这个时代， 应该把它充分地表现出来，因为要体现在我们的作品当中。	Therefore, we should display the era adequately in our works.
本台消息明天出版的人民日报将发表评论员文章， 努力为人类做出新的更大贡献，八论学习贯彻党的十九大精神。	According to the latest news, the People’s Daily for tomorrow will publish a commentary, saying we should make a greater contribution to mankind as well as learn and implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress from eight perspectives.
文章指出，党的十九大不仅以新思想引领中国特色社会主义新时代，也为解决人类问题	The article points out, the 19th CPC National Congress takes the following as its mission, using new thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era, and addressing problems for mankind.
作为自己的使命，让中国人民的梦想同各国人民的梦想交相辉映，不断开创中国特色大国外交的新局面	In this way, the dreams of Chinese people and those of the people all over the world will reinforce each other and continue to usher a new situation for great power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.
已达四十五万	Has reached 400,000-500,000
中央电视台播出了鲁甸花椒的精准扶贫广告， 有力推动了花椒销售。	CCTV has broadcast the targeted poverty alleviation advertisement for Ludian pepper, which strongly promotes the sales.
目前， 龙头山镇七点五万亩青花椒已经成为当地脱贫攻坚的主要产业。	Currently, green peppers with an area of 5000 hectares in the town of Longtou Mountain has become the pillar industry for the local poverty alleviation program.
贵州猕猴桃是央视国家品牌计划广告精准扶贫项目，播出的首批扶贫广告之一，在贵州省修文县	Guizhou kiwi fruit is a targeted poverty alleviation program for CCTV national brand advertisement, and belongs to the first batch of the advertisements. Due to this advertisement, the kiwi fruit, which once had no market in Xiuwen county,
以前总是卖不出去的猕猴桃今年成了抢手货， 而且还出口到了国外。	has become a shopping-rush fruit, and has even been exported abroad.
央视网消息：记者11日从中国环境监测总站了解到，目前我国已经设置国家、省、市、县四个层级的5000余个监测站点，环境空气质量监测网已经建成。	cctv.com news: On the 11th, reporters learned from the China National Environmental Monitoring Centre that to date, China has already set up more than 5,000 national, provincial, municipal and county level monitoring stations and points; the ambient air quality monitoring network is completed.
当地时间周四下午，亚利桑那州一个县的警长向奥巴马发起“挑战”，称在通过5年多的调查后证明，奥巴马的出生证明已经确定是伪造的。	On Thursday afternoon local time, a sheriff in a county in Arizona issued a “challenge” to Obama claiming that after having conducted an investigation for more than five years, Obama’s birth certificate was confirmed to have been a forgery.
当然，目前个人网店工商登记还处于立法草案阶段，争议也不可能完全消除。	To be sure, business registration of personal websites is still at the legislative drafting phase. Hence, disputes will unlikely be completely eliminated.
昨天，申花队主教练波耶特在接受采访时表示：冲绳备战非常重要，希望队里所有人都能参加。	In an interview yesterday, Shenhua head coach Gustav Poyet expressed: “The preparation in Okinawa is very important. I hope everyone in the team can show up.”
特朗普的新任幕僚长计划限制总统的媒体时间	Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet.
其他人也曾尝试过，但均以失败告终。	Others have tried and failed.
约翰·F·凯利也许真的能够做到。	Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
如果真的如此，那他就是第一人。	If so, he will be the first.
据美国政治新闻网站 Politico 报道，新任白宫幕僚长计划限制流向特朗普总统的信息——包括新闻媒体报告——以期保证大老板更加平稳。	Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the boss on a more even keel.
以下是摘自记者乔什·道西的一段话：	Here's a bit from reporter Josh Dawsey:
“当新任白宫幕僚长约翰·F·凯利开始第一天工作与高级官员聚集讨论时，他指出他要解决特朗普总统入主白宫的一个主要问题：流向总统手中的不良信息”。	"When new White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly huddled with senior staff on his first day at work, he outlined a key problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to fix: bad information getting into the president's hands.
凯利告诉这些官员，收到优良信息有助于总统作出更好的决定，因此信息才需要经他之手——无论以书面形式还是简报形式。	Kelly told the staff that information needed to flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if given good information."
凯利的诊断似模似样，但其他人也曾试图通过监视特朗普的媒体时间将其驯服，但最终都以失败告终。	Kelly's diagnosis makes perfect sense, but others have tried and failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
特朗普总统的电视瘾由来已久——现在在白宫，他看电视的习惯仍然在加深。	President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his TV-watching habit is still going strong.
二月份时，前竞选顾问山姆·那伯格告诉 Politico 称：“如果候选人特朗普对不公平报道感到沮丧，那么让他知道他在可信渠道也得到了正面报道将大有裨益。	"If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable," Sam Nunberg, a former campaign adviser, told Politico in February.
Politico 的塔拉·帕尔梅里当时写到，“根据六位前竞选官员的经验，控制特朗普发推特的习惯的重点在于保证他个人接收的媒体信息中一直包含一定的赞扬。”	Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise."
这完全没问题。	Okay.
但是特朗普的推特习惯曾经“受控”这个观点实在可笑。	But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit has ever been "under control" is laughable.
可能这些竞选官员知道某些我们不知道的事——那就是如果不是有他们的干预，特朗普的推特甚至会更加火气冲天。	Maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory if not for their interventions.
我们可能从来不知道特朗普没有发送的那些推特。	We'll probably never know about tweets that Trump didn't send.
如果他的职员能够救他于水火之中，哪怕只有几次，他们的努力也是值得的。	If his staffers managed to him out of trouble even a few times, then their efforts were worthwhile.
但是没人能够一直阻止特朗普引起争议。	But no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from stirring up controversy.
一部分问题在于在一个由相互竞争的集团组成的白宫中，人们通过向特朗普递交可能可靠也可能不可靠的资料来宣扬他们的世界观，花式推动他们的事业。	Part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing factions, people invariably try to advance their agendas by presenting Trump with material - which may or may not be reliable - that promotes their worldviews.
Politico——都是关于这个故事——五月份报道了各顾问对向总统战略性提供可疑信息的嗜好。	Politico - all over this story - reported in May on advisers' penchants for strategically feeding dubious information to the president.
这是记者谢恩·古德曼彻描述的一个例子：	This was one example, described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
“现任与前任特朗普官员称，特朗普对负面新闻片段的反应如火山喷发，尤其是那些有破坏性的信息泄露，他会疯狂地想要找出其来源。	"Current and former Trump officials say Trump can react volcanically to negative press clips, especially those with damaging leaks, becoming engrossed in finding out where they originated.
二月底，有人恶意将网络煽动分子查尔斯 ·C·约翰逊的网站 GotNews.com 上的一篇文章复印给了总统，该文控诉副幕僚长凯蒂·沃尔什为白宫“大量信息泄露的来源”，当时特朗普就是这样的表现。	That is what happened in late February when someone mischievously gave the president a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocateur Charles C. Johnson, which accused deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh of being 'the source behind a bunch of leaks' in the White House.
即使约翰逊已因骚扰遭推特永久封禁，也没有提供任何具体证据，而且他曾炸出大量错误质控，后来又都公然否认。	No matter that Johnson had been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he offered no concrete evidence or that he had lobbed false accusations in the past and recanted them.
特朗普看了文章然后开始向官员询问沃尔什的情况。”	Trump read the article and began asking staff about Walsh."
古德曼彻还说，当时的幕僚长雷因斯·普里巴斯和白宫秘书罗伯·波特“曾试图建立一个系统来管理并记录特朗普收到的文件”。	Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House staff secretary Rob Porter "have tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives."
结果呢？	How'd that work out?
凯利打算做同样的事，在三个月后。	Kelly is trying to do the same thing, three months later.
可能他能证明自己是比普里巴斯更有效率的管理者，但是特朗普还是那个冲动的特朗普，而他的助手仍在相互竞争，争夺影响力。	Perhaps he will prove a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his aides are still vying for influence.
这些永恒的影响因素会让凯利的任务难上加难。	Those immutable factors will make Kelly's mission very difficult.
旅游风情小镇：风情如何醉游人	Tourism charm town: How does charm mesmerize tourists
[摘要]浙江小镇的潜力被逐步唤醒。	[Abstract] The potential of small towns in Zhejiang is gradually unleashed.
如今这些小镇，成为赴浙游客欣赏浙山水、品读浙文化、感受浙乡愁的重要目的地，也将为我省着力打造“诗画浙江”中国最美旅游目的地提供重要助力。	Today, these little towns have become key destinations for visitors to Zhejiang who come to admire the natural scenery, savor Zhejiang culture, and feel nostalgic about Zhejiang. They will also become key drivers to help the Province create “Picturesque Zhejiang”, China’s most beautiful tourist destination.
胜在风情	Reputed for Local Custom
“社戏锣鼓伴月升，腊肠香味随风飘。	"Village theatrical performance is staged as the moon rises, while the pleasant smell of delicious sausage spreads with breeze."
”漫步绍兴安昌古镇，随处可见箍桶、竹编、打铁、纳鞋、挑花边、纺棉花等传统手工技艺，充分展现了安昌古镇的非物质文化遗产，四方游客陶醉在观赏体验绍兴民俗风情、领略绍兴历史文化积淀的氛围中。	Walking through the Anchang Ancient Town in Shaoxing, you can see hoop buckets, bamboo knitting, ironmaking, shoes stitching, lace making, cotton spinning and other traditional handicraft techniques almost everywhere, which fully represent the intangible cultural heritage of the Anchang Ancient Town. Tourists all over the world are enchanted to experience the folk customs and feel the atmosphere of Shaoxing's historical and cultural experience.
据悉，今年元旦三天假期期间，安昌古镇游客超过6.5万人次。	It is reported that during the three-day New Year's holiday, more than 65,000 tourists visit Anchang Ancient Town.
在浙江，像安昌古镇这样风情独特的小镇星罗棋布：嘉兴西塘的潋滟波光，流淌着江南水乡的温情婉约；衢州廿八都的白墙黛瓦，诉说着千年古镇的岁月沧桑；台州石塘镇的渔民画，勾勒出既传统又富有现代气息的渔家生活……这些的小镇是浙江旅游的“掌上宝”，亦是八方游客的“心头爱”。	In Zhejiang, a town with a unique style such as Anchang Ancient Town is scattered all over like stars. The glittering waves of Jiaxing Xitang is flowing with the warmth and gratefulness of the lower reaches of the Yangze River in the south; the white walls of Quzhou's Nianbadu Ancient Town convey to us the changes over time in the town; and the murals of fishermen in Shitang, Taizhou draw a picture of their life, both traditional and modern. These towns are the "palm treasure" of Zhejiang tourism and also the favorites of tourists from all regions.
近年来，随着我省全域旅游建设的推进，浙江小镇的潜力被逐步唤醒。	In recent years, with the promotion of tourism construction throughout the whole region, the potential of Zhejiang’s small towns have been gradually awakened.
在2016年，省政府办公厅正式发布了《浙江省旅游风情小镇创建工作实施办法》，提出通过5年左右的时间，在全省验收命名100个左右民俗民风淳厚、生态环境优美、旅游业态丰富的省级旅游风情小镇。	In 2016, the provincial government office issued the "The implementation of the creation of a tourist town in Zhejiang Province”, which proposed that the province would accept and name about 100 tourist towns with strong folk customs, beautiful ecological environment and rich tourism industries after 5 years or so.
如今这些小镇，成为赴浙游客欣赏浙山水、品读浙文化、感受浙乡愁的重要目的地，也将为我省着力打造“诗画浙江”中国最美旅游目的地提供重要助力。	Today, these little towns have become key destinations for visitors to Zhejiang who come to admire the natural scenery, savor Zhejiang culture, and feel nostalgic about Zhejiang. They will also become key drivers to help the Province create “Picturesque Zhejiang”, China’s most beautiful tourist destination.
省旅游局相关负责人介绍，在旅游风情小镇的创建热潮下，现在我省各地乡镇更加重视个性化旅游产业的打造，新的旅游项目与业态层出不穷，为游客带来了丰富体验，赢得了良好口碑。	The responsible people of the Provincial Tourism Bureau established that with the rise of these tourism style towns, we must now pay more attention to the construction of the personalized tourism industry and new tourism projects and formats emerging one after another. These have brought rich experiences to tourists and earned glowing reputations.
重在推广	Emphasis on promotion
近日，由浙江省旅游局、浙江日报报业集团主办，浙报集团旅游全媒体中心承办的“小镇×未来艺术家”分享汇暨“诗画浙江?镇有风情”2017浙江旅游风情小镇推广季闭幕式在浙江省展览馆举行。	Recently, directed by the Zhejiang Provincial Tourism Bureau and Zhejiang Daily Press Group, the Tourism Full Media Center of the Zhejiang Daily Press Group hosted the “Towns × Future artists" sharing session and the 2017 promotion season of Zhejiang style tourism towns, "Poetic Zhejiang, Towns with folk customs”. The closing ceremony took place in the Zhejiang exhibition hall.
“风情小镇有艺术之美、有生活温度。	“A style town has artistic beauty and living warmth.
小镇的风情在于原汁、原味、原乡，一种原生态的纯粹。	The style of the towns lies in the original sense, flavor and township, which represents the original purity.
”中国美术学院影视动画艺术学院影视系老师、国内一线影视广告导演谢瀚锋，以及中国计量大学艺术与传播学院院长徐向纮教授等专家，讲述了《镜头中的小镇》《小村改建》等小镇跨界故事。	Xie Hanfeng, a teacher at the School of Film and Television Animation Arts of China’s Academy of Art, the domestic A-list film and television advertising director, and Professor Xu Xianghong, the dean of the School of Art and Communication at China Jiliang University, talked about the cross-border stories of towns through Towns in the lens and Reconstruction of small village.
浙江的众多风情旅游小镇都有深厚的文化资源，来自湖州市南浔的小镇代表董新建在现场为大家解读了国画南浔。	Many scenic tourist towns in Zhejiang have deep cultural resources. Dong Xinjian, a town deputy from Nanxun, Huzhou, appeared in the site in person and interpreted Nanxun as a traditional Chinese painting.
江南水乡风情自古颇受书画家的喜爱，如今，南浔古镇与中国美院等艺术院校开展深度合作。	The style of towns in the south of the lower reaches of the Yangze River have been popular with painters since ancient times. Nowadays, the Nanxun Ancient Town is developing in-depth cooperation with art academies such as the China Academy of Art.
旅游风情小镇必备风情要素、旅游要素、服务要素和环境要素。	Tourism style towns must be equipped with elements of style, tourism, service and the environment.
在这当中，旅游的服务设施和环境也是十分重要的内容。	Among these, tourism service facilities and the environment are very important.
下雨天如果递上一把及时伞，也能让游客更好地体验小镇的风情。	If the tourists are handed in an umbrella on a rainy day, they can better experience the town’s style.
在这个共享的时代，浙报集团旅游全媒体中心联手时下最热的共享雨伞公司定制了一批“诗画浙江”版的共享伞，希望倡导“共享?绿色”的理念，提升游客和小镇居民的文明旅游意识和公德心，共创共享美好的旅游环境。	In the era of sharing, the Tourism Full Media Center of the Zhejiang Daily Press Group teamed up with the hottest shared umbrella company to customize a number of shared umbrellas in “Poetic Zhejiang” style, hoping to promote the concept of “Sharing and Green”, spread the awareness of civilized tourism and public morality among tourists and residents, and create a shared, beautiful tourist environment.
这成为“诗画浙江?镇有风情”2017浙江旅游风情小镇推广季活动中的一个亮点。	This has become a bright spot in the 2017 promotional season of Zhejiang’s tourism towns, "Poetic Zhejiang, Towns with folk customs”.
期待精彩	Expecting wonders
截至目前，浙江省已经发布了首批21家省级旅游风情小镇创建名单和115家省级旅游风情小镇培育创建名单。	Up to now, Zhejiang Province has released the list of the first 21 provincial-level tourism towns that will ultimately culminate in a grand total of 115 provincial tourism towns.
作为乡村旅游“十三五”时期优先发展的重点区域，风情小镇将最终建成3A级以上旅游景区，成为旅游产品多样、旅游效益突出、产业融合共赢的新样板。	As the prior area for the development of rural tourism during the “13th Five-Year Plan” period, the style towns will eventually be built into tourist attractions with a grade of 3A or higher, becoming a new model for tourism product diversity, tourism benefits and industrial integration.
旅游风情小镇之所以吸引人，关键在于它的原汁原味。	What makes tourism style towns attractive is their authenticity and originality.
旅游风情小镇之美，不仅源于烟雨迷蒙的小桥流水，也来自悠久文化传统；乡村振兴，源于文化自信。	The beauty of the tourism style towns not only stems from the misty bridges and rivers, but also from a long history of cultural tradition; the revitalization of the country is due to cultural self-confidence.
纵观国际，荷兰利瑟小镇、奥地利哈尔施塔特小镇、法国南瓜小镇，分别以郁金香、“盐”和南瓜为核心吸引物，每年吸引大量世界各地游客，实现旅游推助小镇经济腾飞。	Throughout the world, the tulips of the Netherlands’ Lisse Town, the salt of Austria’s Hallstatt Town, and the pumpkins of Pumpkin Town in France, have been attracting a large number of tourists from all over the world each year. This has allowed the realization that tourism could help the economic growth of smalls towns as well.
对于风情小镇而言，“突显特色、留住乡愁”的重点使小镇具有明显的个性和灵魂，更在于提供文化浸润、承载地方文脉、彰显乡土文明。	For the style towns, the point “Emphasis on characteristics and retention of nostalgia” has given the towns a distinct personality and soul, further providing cultural permeation, carrying local cultural traditions, and highlighting native civilizations.
旅游风情小镇，以文化和乡愁为纽带，以人文和风景为载体，联接着四方游客，让传统的风情和文化在共建共享中传承、创新。	Tourism style towns, with culture and nostalgia as the link and humanities and scenery as the carrier, connect tourists all over the world while inherit and innovate the traditional customs and cultures in the co-construction and sharing process.
从本质上讲，旅游风情小镇是一个复合型开放式的旅游景区，更应是当地居民和外来游客乃至旅居者共建共享的生活空间。	Essentially speaking, the tourism style town is a complex open-style tourism area, and it should be a shared living space for local residents, exotic tourists and even sojourners.
作为今后旅游业增长的主战场，旅游风情小镇不仅可能改变乡村生态面貌、经济社会发展方式、产业要素流动方向，更是消弭城乡基建鸿沟、唤醒乡村文化复苏的重要力量。	As the main battlefield for tourism growth in the future, tourism style towns will change the rural ecological landscape, economic and social development patterns, and the flow direction of industrial factors. Additionally, they will play an important role in eliminating the urban-rural infrastructure gap, hastening rural cultural recovery.
在乡村加速振兴的大潮中，浙江旅游风情小镇将演绎更丰富的精彩故事。	In the wake of accelerating revitalization of the countryside, Zhejiang tourist towns will receive a more abundant and wonderful story.
有数据显示，中国70%的出行需求集中在3公里范围内，以此而论，整个短途出行市场早晚是共享单车的天下。	Figures indicate that 70% of China’s travel demand is concentrated within a 3km radius. On this basis, the short-distance travel market will become a bike sharing paradise sooner or later.
《日本财经新闻》报道，称由于特朗普下一届政权的财政扩张政策，通货膨胀压力将加强，2017年的加息速度也将加快。	A report in “The Nikkei” claimed that inflationary pressure will increase because of the expansionary fiscal policies of the next Trump administration. The pace of interest rate hikes will also accelerate in 2017.
一年一度的国际消费电子展（CES）于1月9日（北京时间1月10日）至12日在美国拉斯维加斯开幕。	The annual International Consumer Electronics Show (CES), held between January 9 (January 10, Beijing time) and 12, opened in Las Vegas, USA.
根据CES官方网站1月9日公布的参展商名单，第51届CES共有4577家各国企业参展。	According to the list of exhibitors published by the official CES website, the 51st CES attracted 4,577 corporate participants from around the world.
相对于每年卫视播出1.3万集电视剧的巨大产量，这些“腰斩剧”不过是沧海一粟。	Compared to the massive 13,000 TV dramas broadcast by satellite TV each year, these “terminated dramas” are but a drop in the ocean.
房车客对沟渠进行谈判，重返“富豪街”	Travellers negotiate trench, return to 'Millionaire's row'
一些西米德兰兹地区最富有的业主与意志坚定的房车客再次发生争执，这些房车客就一条政府开掘的沟渠进行协商，要求归还豪宅之外的土地。	Some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at loggerheads with determined travellers who have negotiated a council-dug trench to reclaim a field outside their mansions.
房车客将他们的 20 辆拖车停在繁华的索利赫尔街之外的一片空地上，这条街被冠名为“富豪街”。	The travellers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull dubbed 'millionaire's row'.
房车客们牵着着马匹，怀抱婴儿和率领房车车队，在五月份被赶走后再次回归，市政部门挖出的“护城河”并没有阻止到他们的进入。	Bringing horses, babies and an army of vans, they have returned after being kicked out only in May, undeterred by a moat dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
这支圆滑老练的队伍发现这道防御线有个缺口，尽管有一段路没有设置路障适合通过，但他们的车辆通过该缺口挤入。	The tactful group found a gap in the defences, squeezing their vehicles though a section left unbarricaded to accommodate a pathway.
愤怒的居民对索利赫尔委员会 (Solihull Council) 进行了猛烈的批评，称其“在处理这个问题时表现很差劲”。	Furious residents have savaged Solihull Council saying it was 'useless at dealing with the problem'.
一位不愿具名的居民说：“他们是在周一晚上到那里的，之前来到宾利希思街，向过往的路人扔石块。	One anonymous resident said: 'They moved there on Monday night after being moved on from Bentley Heath where they were throwing rocks at passers by.
该委员会应该对他们的作为感到羞耻，因为他们在处理问题上简直是一无是处。	The council needs to be shamed into action as they are useless at dealing with the problem.
房车客们在五月份来到这里，随后被赶走了，现在他们又回来了。	The travellers were there in May, were moved on and now they are back again.
昨晚来了不少，今天可能会更多。”	More arrived last night, probably even more today.'
她补充道：“伯明翰市议会知道如何通过实施长期禁令保护其公园的方式进行处理。	She added: 'Birmingham council knows how to deal with this by getting long injunctions to protect their parks.
我住在斯珠茨布鲁克 (Streetsbrook) 路，如果议会不能阻止这样的事情，我可不愿意继续支付市政税。	I live on Streetsbrook road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax when the council can't even stop this.'
一位不愿透露姓名的当地居民说：“这太荒谬了，我们刚刚看到上一批房车客走了，只是便于另一批来毁坏。	One local resident who did not wish to be named said: 'It is ridiculous, we have only just seen the last round of these travellers leaving, only to be blighted by another round.
这次的数量又增加了，有人甚至看到公园草坪上有马在吃草。”	The numbers have increased this time and a horse has even been seen grazing on the parkland.'
一位索利赫尔委员会的女发言人表示：“我们知道有人在斯珠茨布鲁克路的一片空地上进行未经许可的露营，现在我们配合索利赫尔警察工作，并采取必要的法律行动，让他们尽快搬离。	A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: 'We are aware of an unauthorised encampment on land off Streetsbrook Road and working alongside Solihull Police, we are undertaking the necessary legal actions to move them on as quickly as possible.
为了支持我们收集证据，请尽可能多的当地居民通过致电 101 向警方报告任何反社会或犯罪行为，这一点非常重要。	To support our evidence gathering it is very important that as many local residents as possible report any anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.
这有助于我们向法院提交案件时勾勒出情况概貌，供法院审视。”	This helps build a picture of the situation for the court to consider when we present our case to them.'
3月15日，第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议在北京人民大会堂举行闭幕会。	The Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress held its closing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 15.
这是国家邮政局局长马军胜接受采访。	This is an interview with Ma Junsheng, Director-General of the State Post Bureau.
新华社记者陈晔华摄国际在线报道：3月15日上午9时，第十二届全国人民代表大会第五次会议在人民大会堂举行闭幕会。	Xinhua News Agency/Chen Yehua/CRI Online: The Fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress held its closing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People at 9am on March 15.
闭幕前，国家邮政局局长马军胜在“部长通道”接受采访时表示，今年，针对目前快递行业中存在的快递延误、快件丢失损毁等突出问题，国家将加强监管，并引导强化行业自律。	Prior to the closing ceremony, Ma Junsheng, Director-General of the State Post Bureau, expressed during an interview at the “ministers’ passage” that the State will strengthen supervision over prominent issues that currently exist in the express delivery industry such as late delivery and loss of or damaged parcels, and guide and enhance self-discipline in the industry.
今年将加大力度解决四大快递行业突出问题马军胜说，中国快递业发展现已进入快车道。	Ma Junsheng said that efforts to resolve four major prominent issues in the express delivery industry will be enhanced this year. The development of the express delivery industry in China has entered the express lane.
2012年中国快递量是56亿件，万辆快递三轮车上路，实行统一标准、统一标识、统一保险，既方便了投递，也保证了安全。	In 2012, express delivery volume in China stood at 5.6 billion items, and at least 10,000 express delivery three-wheelers were deployed. A single standard, a unique logo and a unified insurance were implemented, which facilitated delivery and ensured safety.
这并不是联合国第一次尝试选用虚拟角色担任荣誉大使。“愤怒的小鸟”、“小叮当”、“小熊维尼”此前都曾被当过联合国的荣誉大使。	This was not the first time that the United Nations had appointed a virtual character as an honorary ambassador. “Angry Birds”, “Doraemon” and “Winne the Pooh” have previously served as honorary ambassadors for the United Nations.
截至当日收盘，纽约商品交易所2016年8月交货的轻质原油期货价格上涨2.04美元，收于每桶46.80美元，涨幅为4.56%。	The price of light crude oil futures for August 2016 ended the day up US$2.04 or 4.56% at US$46.80 pbl on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
2016年9月交货的伦敦布伦特原油期货价格上涨2.22美元，收于每桶48.47美元，涨幅为4.80%。	Meanwhile, the price of London Brent crude futures for September 2016 ended the day up US$2.22 or 4.80% at US$48.47 pbl.
衡量美元对六种主要货币的美元指数当天下跌0.10%，在汇市尾市跌至96.479。	The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the US$ against six major currencies, ended the day down 0.10%, falling to 96.479 at the closing session.
美元走弱增加了以美元计价的石油的投资吸引力，在当天支撑了油价。	The weaker US$ made investing in crude oil, which is priced in US$, more attractive, underpinning oil prices for the day.
《规划》提出，到2020年，战略性新兴产业增加值占国内生产总值比重达到15%，形成新一代信息技术、高端制造、生物、绿色低碳、数字创意等5个产值规模10万亿元级的新支柱，并在更广领域形成大批跨界融合的新增长点，平均每年带动新增就业100万人以上。	The “Plan” proposed that by 2020, the value added of strategic emerging industries will account for 15% of GDP. These will become a new pillar of five sectors with a RMB10 trillion output value, namely, new generation information technology, high-end manufacturing, biotech, green and low-carbon, and digital creative, and will create a large number of new growth areas for cross-border integration across more sectors, with an average of more than 1 million new jobs added per year.
美国斯坦福大学推出“人工智能100年发展研究计划”(One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence, 简称AI100)，以对AI的未来进行长期评估。	Stanford University launched its “One Hundred Year Study on Artificial Intelligence, or AI 100” to conduct a long-term evaluation of the future of AI.
研究人员认为，将来AI将无所不在，并将发挥重要影响力。	Researchers believed that AI will be omnipresent in the future, and will play a significant role.
当涉及就业和职场时，研究认为AI可取代任务而非工作岗位，同时可帮助创造新的工作。	In terms of employment and the job market, researchers believed that AI can replace tasks but not the job post. It can also help create new jobs at the same time.
据剧组一名演员透露，张末在现场是个心思细腻的人，从群众演员到服化道，方方面面都要亲自盯到位。	According to an actor in the cast, Zhang Mo is attentive to detail at the set. He would personally attend to every aspect at the set, from the extras to costume and makeup.
意大利对非政府组织移民救援船采取强硬态度	Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
意大利向地中海经营移民救援船的非政府组织发出警告，如果不签署新的行动管理规范，他们将不得继续实施救援。	Italy has warned NGOs operating migrant rescue boats in the Mediterranean they will not be allowed to continue if they do not sign up to new rules governing their operations.
内政部长马可·明尼蒂在接受都灵日报《新闻报》采访时称：“如果非政府组织不签署新的行为规范，很难看出他们将何以为继。”	"If NGOs do not sign up to a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue operating," Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Turin daily La Stampa.
在明尼蒂发出警告的前一天，意大利官方因怀疑德国援助组织“青年救助”一艘船上的船员实际上勾结人口贩子，协助非法移民而将其扣押。	Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities impounded a boat operated by German aid organisatiion Jugend Rettet on suspicion its crew effectively collaborated with people traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
该援助组织仅运营一年，并拒绝评论意大利检察官安布罗吉奥·卡尔托西奥的具体指控主题。	The aid organisation, which has only been operational for a year, declined to comment on the substance of detailed allegations made against it by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
该组织在一份社交媒体声明中称，“对我们而言，拯救生命现在是、以后也会是最重要的事，因此我们很遗憾目前不能在搜救区运营。”	"For us the rescue of human life is and will be our top priority, so we are very sorry we will not be able to operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organisation said in a statement on social media.
“收集完所有信息后，我们目前只能评估所有指控和形势。”	"We can only assess all the accusations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
意大利官方从 10 月份开始就在监视“青年救助”组织的船 Iuventa 号。	Italian authorities had been monitoring Jugend Rettet's boat, the Iuventa, since October.
其船员涉嫌搭载人口贩子直接由小船运送而来的移民，并允许走私者仓促逃离，重新利用船舰。	Its crew is suspected to taking on board dinghy loads of migrants delivered directly to them by people traffickers and allowing the smugglers to make off with the vessels to be used again.
根据检察官的文件记录，据称至少有一宗此类会面在距利比亚海岸 1.3 英里的海上发生。该文件内容由意大利媒体发表。	At least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the contents of which were published by Italian media.
其船员涉嫌公然无视意大利海岸警卫队权威，该警卫队出于人道主义热情而非任何其他动机监督该地区的救援行动。	The crew are suspected of having flouted the authority of the Italian coastguard, which oversees rescue operations in the zone, out of humanitarian zeal rather than for any other motives.
根据行为规范规定，Iuventa 等船只明显需要一名意大利警员在船上监督他们的活动。	Under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa would notably have to have an Italian police officer on board monitoring their activities.
目前，在九个参与搜救行动的非政府组织中，只有三个已同意遵守行为规范，它们分别是：救助儿童会、总部位于马尔他的移民海上援助站和西班牙的 Pro-Activa Open Arms。	Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to abide by the code: Save The Children, Malta-based MOAS and Spain's Pro-Activa Open Arms.
后者于星期四称，其认为新规定虽没有必要，但可以接受，因为这些规定并不会对其救援行动带来任何“重大改变和阻碍”。	The latter said on Thursday it regarded the new rules as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not involve any "significant change or impediment" to its rescue operations.
拒绝签署的组织中有诺贝尔奖获奖组织无国界医生 (MSF)。	Among those who have refused to sign is the Nobel Prize-winning organisation Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
与此同时，明尼蒂称近几周抵达意大利的移民人数骤降，这表明加强利比亚海岸护卫以及联合各当地市长的努力已初见成效。	Minniti meanwhile said a sharp fall over recent weeks in the number of migrants arriving in Italy following rescues was an indication that efforts to beef up the Libyan coastguard and cooperation with local mayors was bearing fruit.
该部长称：“近几天来，我们开始在隧道尽头看到了曙光。“	"In recent days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," the minister said.
他公布了本月的深度会谈的计划：与各利比亚市长商讨经济发展活动，与乍得、尼日尔和马里商讨如何减少欲离开这些国家前往欧洲的移民人数。	He revealed plans for further talks this month with Libyan mayors on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving those countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
交通银行首席财经学家连平则表示，由于2017年前三季度工业增加值都出现季末上翘特点，预计12月工业增加值增长可能加快至6.6%。	Lian Ping, Chief Economist of the Bank of Communications, said that as value added of industry for each of the first three quarters of 2017 was stronger toward the end of the quarter, the growth rate of value added of industry in December could accelerate to 6.6%.
预计12月固定资产投资累计增速为7.2%，与上月持平，低于去年。	Cumulative growth rate of fixed asset investment in December is forecast to be at 7.2%, unchanged from the previous month, but lower than that a year ago.
工业生产虽然会弱于10月，但与11月基本持平。	Industrial production, while weaker than that in October, will remain generally unchanged from that in November.
而12月我国制造业投资低位运行，但基建投资有小幅改善，因此预计当月固定资产投资将持平于11月。	Investment in China’s manufacturing sector was low in December, but infrastructure investment improved slightly. As such, fixed asset investment for the month will remain the same as that in November.
福建长乐二十多万人进入美国，多为偷渡客；身在异国，归家无期，亲人离散，类似场景不断上演。	Most of the more than 200,000 people from Changle, Fujian Province entered the US as illegal immigrants. Living in an alien country indefinitely, their families are separated and torn apart; similar scenes such these have continued to unfold.
北京“高校疏解”新举措：北化工上万师生将入驻昌平新校区	Beijing’s new measure to “shift and relocate institutions of higher learning”: 10,000 BUCT teachers and students move into new campus at Changping
北京化工大学新校区启用仪式2日在北京市昌平区举行，占地1800亩的绿色校园正式投入使用。	The opening ceremony of Beijing University of Chemical Technology’s (BUCT) new campus was held at the Changping District of Beijing on the 2nd, and school officially commenced at the 1,800 mu green campus.
记者从仪式上获悉，为强化首都核心功能，治理“大城市病”，近几年来，在京津冀协同发展及疏解非首都功能背景下，北京加快推进中心城区高校向郊区疏解，一些高校的师生正陆续分批迁至顺义、大兴、房山等郊区新校区。	Reporters learned from the ceremony that for the purposes of enhancing the capital’s core functions, and treating “large urban center diseases”, on the back of cooperative development among Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province as well as the shifting and relocation of non-capital related functions, Beijing has accelerated the program to shift and relocate institutions of higher learning situated in central districts to suburban districts in recent years. The teachers and students of some institutions of higher learning are relocating in batches to new campuses in Shunyi, Daxing, Fangshang and other suburban districts.
北化工新校区位于昌平南口镇，占地1800亩，距离市区40公里，是北京市疏解非首都功能的重点工程之一。	BUCT’s new campus is located in Nankou Town, Changping, and sits on a land area of 1,800 mu, some 40 km from the city. It is a key project of Beijing’s shifting and relocation of non-capital functions.
新校区分三期建设，目前一期建设已全部完成，二期建设预计于今年底全面启动，全部建成后计划将满足近2万名本科生、研究生及教职员工学习和生活的需要。	The new campus was constructed in three phases. Phase I is now entirely completely, and Phase II is expected to commence by the end of the year. On completion, the learning and living requirements of close to 20,000 undergraduate and graduate students as well as faculty staff are expected to be met.
此时回望今年的电影市场时，我们发现，电影的原著文本及参演明星的两批拥趸，成为电影预期观众的重要组成部分。	At this time, a review of this year’s film market will show that fans of the original book of a film adaptation and those of the actors taking part in film have become key components of the expected audience of the film.
今天17时10分，邵阳市119指挥中心接到报警，位于该市双清区龙须塘的宏志化工厂储存的四氢呋喃发生火灾。	At 17:10 today, the 119 command center at Shaoyang received an emergency call. Tetrahydrofuran stored at Hongzhi Chemical Plant at Longxutang, Shuangxi District, caught fire.
邵阳市消防支队立即调派5个中队20台消防车携带重型防化服、防化洗消车等器材赶到现场。	Shaoyang fire station immediately dispatched five detachments and 20 fire trucks with heavy chemical protective clothing, chemical cleaning vehicles and other equipment to the scene.
经初步侦查，起火的是储存四氢呋喃等化学物质的小储罐，现场产生浓烟较大。	Preliminary investigation revealed that the cause of the fire was the small tanks in which tetrahydrofuran was stored. There was thick smoke at the scene.
截至记者发稿时，消防官兵正在紧张救援，市卫生、安监、环保、治安、交通等部门已相继赶赴现场，未发现人员伤亡情况。	At the time of filing this report, firefighters were in the processing of carrying out emergency rescue. The City’s health, safety administration, environmental protection, public security, traffic and other departments arrived at the scene successively. No fatalities or injured persons were found.
米歇尔?卡特 (Michelle Carter) 因发短信怂恿康拉德?罗伊 (Conrad Roy) 自杀被判刑	Michelle Carter sentenced for texts urging suicide of Conrad Roy
一名马萨诸塞州女子因通过短信和电话怂恿男友自杀而被判刑两年半。	A Massachusetts woman has been sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.
现年 20 岁的米歇尔?卡特将服刑 15 个月，期满后可转为缓刑。另加缓刑 5 年。	Michelle Carter, now 20, will serve 15 months of her term behind bars and five years of probation.
卡特在 6 月被判处对康拉德?罗伊 (Conrad Roy) 犯有无故意非预谋杀人罪，后者于 2014 年 7 月 13 日自杀。	Carter was convicted in June of the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy, who took his own life on 13 July 2014.
罗伊的父亲在周四的听证会说道：“我的家人伤心欲绝。	Mr Roy's father told Thursday's hearing: "My family is heartbroken.
我的儿子是我最好的朋友。”	My son was my best friend."
在等待上诉期间，卡特获准保持人身自由。	Carter was allowed to remain free pending an appeal.
她面临最多 20 年有期徒刑，但她的律师团认为她和罗伊先生都患有精神病。	She had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal team argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.
在宣判时，卡特站立着，身穿红色长裤和米色罩衫，双手紧扣，双眼含泪，目光朝下。	Dressed in red trousers and a cream blouse, Carter stood tearfully with hands clasped and eyes cast down as she was sentenced.
“她的行为杀死了康拉德?罗伊 ”，检察官告诉法庭。	"Her actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.
“她为了自己活得更好而结束了他的生命。	"She ended his life to better her own.
她没有承担责任 ”，检察官说。	She has not accepted responsibility," she said.
“她没有任何悔恨之意。”	"She has shown no remorse."
但卡特的律师说这是“一个可怕的后果，她感到非常后悔。”	But Carter's lawyer said it was a "horrible circumstance that she completely regrets."
然而，劳伦斯?莫尼斯 (Lawrence Moniz) 法官说，他并没有发现她的“年龄或成熟程度，乃至她的精神疾病会对她的行为产生任何重大影响。”	However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he did not find that her "age or level of maturity or even her mental illness have any significant impact on her actions."
一位检察官阅读了罗伊母亲林恩?罗伊 (Lynn Roy) 的一份声明她说，“我没有一天不为失去我心爱的儿子而痛心。	A prosecutor read a statement from Mr Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying there was "not one day I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
我希望他为我和我所做的一切感到自豪 。我正努力在我所有的痛苦中和他的妹妹们站在一起，这些痛苦将伴随我们至永远 ”，声明表示。	I want him to be proud of me and how I am handling everything - I am trying to be there for his sisters in all of my pain we will carry with us for eternity," it said.
罗伊先生的妹妹凯迪?罗伊 (Camdyn Roy) 作证表示，她因为意识到自己永远不能参加她哥哥的婚礼或成为他孩子的姑姑而“精神恍惚”。	Mr Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realisation that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
“失去一个从我出世以来就陪伴着我的人是一种痛苦，而我的余生将会与这种痛苦为伍。”她说道。	"Not having that one person I've been with every day since birth is a pain I'll always keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.
这个案例似乎开创了法律先例，因为马萨诸塞州的法律并没有规定怂恿其他人自杀有罪。	The case appears to set a legal precedent, as there is no Massachusetts law that criminalises telling a person to commit suicide.
2014 年，罗伊被发现死于车内一氧化碳中毒；这一年，卡特 17 岁。	Carter was 17 when Mr Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
卡特的短信揭示她怂恿他自杀后，该案件引发了全国关注。	The case drew national attention after Carter's text messages revealed she had encouraged him to end his life.
“上吊、跳楼、刺伤自己，有很多方法。”她在他死亡前两周发送的数条短信中表示；当时他正和家人一起度假。	"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself I don't know there's a lot of ways," she said in several messages sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on holiday with his family.
在他自杀前的那段时间，她写道：“你需要这样做，康拉德”，“你所要做的就是启动发电机，然后就会获得自由和快乐。”	In the moments before his suicide, she wrote: "You need to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn the generator on and you will be free and happy."
莫尼兹法官说，卡特通过罗伊先生的死来博取关注，并命令她不得通过任何媒体从案件中获利。	Judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Mr Roy's death, ordering that she not be allowed to profit from the case through any press.
本案例存在法律意见分歧。	The case has divided legal opinion.
替卡特辩护的人为数不多，阿曼达?诺克斯 (Amanda Knox) 就是其中之一，她于 2007 年被指控在意大利谋杀她的英国室友，两年后被宣布无罪。	Among the few to defend Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of murdering her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before she was cleared two years ago.
30 岁的诺克斯女士在《洛杉矶时报》发表的一篇专栏文章中表示：“米歇尔?卡特值得同情和帮助，而不是监禁。”	Ms Knox, 30, published an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times saying: "Michelle Carter deserves sympathy and help, not prison."
张艺谋注定是一个让人争议的电影艺术家，从他开始拍摄第一部电影《红高粱》起，他在一直引领中国电影风潮的同时，也收获了很多非议。	Zhang Yimou is destined to controversial film artist. From when he began filming his first movie, “Red Sorghum”, he has always been a trendsetter in Chinese films, but he has also received a lot of criticism.
记者2日从拉萨净土篮球俱乐部获悉，近期，拉萨净土篮球青少年队在北京举行的全国青少年篮球联赛总决赛中获得第四名。	On the 2nd, reporters learned from Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club that the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team came in fourth at the National Youth Basketball League Finals held in Beijing.
拉萨净土篮球青少年队由11名本土球员组成，主教练为拉萨净土男篮成年队助理教练次仁桑珠。	Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Youth Team is comprised of 11 local basketball players, and its head coach is Tsering Samdup, the assistant coach of the Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Men’s Team.
在前往北京参加总决赛前的西藏“篮球小子”。	Tibet’s “Basketball Kids” on their way to Beijing for the Finals.
拉萨净土篮球俱乐部摄拉萨净土篮球俱乐部总经理梁俊超对记者表示，与去年相比，球队的成绩有所进步，球员的自信心和对赛场的把握都有明显提升。球员和其他队的交流也更全面，场上、场下交流也更多、更轻松。	Photo: Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club. Lhasa Pure Land Basketball Club’s General Manager Liang Junchao told reporters that compared to the previous year, the Team’s performance has improved. The players’ self-confidence and grasp of the game have increased significantly. Their exchanges with other teams were also more comprehensive, and exchanges both on and off the court have also increased and were more relaxed.
比赛结束后，队长江措表示，他希望通过参加比赛积累经验，为西藏的篮球事业尽力。	After the competition ended, captain Jiang Cuo said that he hoped to gain experience from taking part in the competition, and do his best for Tibetan basketball.
据了解，在北京的比赛中，球员们克服了低海拔醉氧等因素，展现了西藏形象。	It is understood that during the competition, the players had to overcome factors such as low altitude sickness, displaying the image of Tibet.
尽管田径在奥运会是金牌大户，得田径者得天下，但田径名将比拼吸金却处在下风。	The fact that track and field involves the most gold medals in the Olympics makes those athletes confident a lot, the famous players have been disadvantaged in the competition.
汽车制造商面临冲击，奥迪将改装多达 850,000 辆柴油车	Audi to Modify Up to 850,000 Diesel Vehicles as Carmakers Face Backlash
奥迪宣布改装的前一天，宝马表示将为 350,000 多辆汽车提供软件升级。	A day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to upgrade the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
宝马董事长表示，宝马相信“驾驶有更多智能选择而非限制”，意指欧洲各大城市 - 包括宝马公司总部所在地慕尼黑在内 - 考虑禁止或限制柴油车辆。	The BMW chairman said the company believed "there are more intelligent options than driving restrictions," referring to the European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - that have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
戴姆勒周二宣布将改装欧洲 300 万辆梅赛德斯汽车以减少其柴油排放量。	Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce their diesel emissions.
无一家公司宣称此举为召回。	None of the companies described the moves as recalls.
欧洲汽车制造商在欧洲和美国大力推广使用柴油车辆，以帮助达到二氧化碳排放规定。	European carmakers have heavily promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet rules on carbon dioxide emissions.
但柴油机排放的氮氧化物被认为是致癌物质，并可能导致哮喘。	But the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens, and can cause asthma.
汽车公司安装设备以抵消柴油车尾气排放的成本也在增加，因此难以保持柴油车在价格上的竞争力。	The cost to automotive companies of installing equipment to neutralize the fumes emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.
随着德国汽车制造商面临审查，总理安格拉·默克尔领导的政府也被指责过于放任这些强大的汽车公司，并且忽视了这一问题的种种迹象。	As German automakers face scrutiny, the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been accused of coddling the powerful car companies and of ignoring signs of the problem.
这些汽车公司正试图避免重蹈大众的覆辙，即掩盖其使用所谓的失败装置，在汽车测试时调整排放量以符合法规，在正常驾驶条件下则恢复正常。	The companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which covered up its use of so-called defeat devices that could adjust emissions to comply with regulations when a car was being tested, but ease back in normal driving conditions.
多名大众高管在美国被指控，其他高管则正在接受大西洋两岸国家的调查。	Several Volkswagen executives have been charged in the United States, and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
上个月，奥迪发动机研发部前热力学负责人在德国被捕。	Last month, the former head of thermodynamics at Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.
前经理扎切罗·吉奥凡尼·帕米欧为意大利人，因此不受引渡保护，可能在美国面临审判。	The former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian, and therefore is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.
今年早些时候，奥迪被卷入一桩涉及大众的德国刑事调查，德国政府指控奥迪安装系统以逃避欧洲的排放要求，扩大了之前仅限于美国的调查范围。	Early this year, Audi was swept up into a German criminal investigation involving Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to evade emissions rules in Europe, broadening an inquiry that had focused on the United States.
奥迪被调查可能会对大众产生重大影响：豪华汽车制造商占有大众汽车不成比例的利润份额。	The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury carmaker accounts for a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profit.
一部电影从筹备到上映，历时一两年乃至几年，可谓司空见惯。	Taking a couple of years, or even a few years, to make a film from planning to release is nothing unusual.
动画电影《大鱼海棠》日前宣布将于7月8日上映，这部影片从筹备到上映历时12年！	“Big Fish & Begonia”, an animated feature film 12 years in the making, recently announced that it would be released on July 8th.
《大鱼海棠》原作者梁旋，21岁从清华大学热能动力专业肄业，和好友张春一起创立了彼岸天，2008年获得联创策源百万美金的风险投资，启动了动画电影处女作《大鱼海棠》。	Liang Xuan, the author of “Big Fish & Begonia”, dropped out of his studies at the Department of Thermal Engineering at Tsinghua University when he was 21, and founded B&T together with best friend Zhang Chun. In 2008, Ce Yuan Ventures provided US$1 million in risk investment, kick-starting the maiden animated film, “Big Fish & Begonia”.
影片在创意样片阶段已获得国内外众多大奖，更被法国蓬皮杜当代艺术中心收录并赞誉为“最杰出的艺术品之一”。	The film was already a recipient of multiple local and overseas awards at the creative sample stage. It has been included in the Centre Pompidou’s collection and acclaimed as “an outstanding artwork”.
由于从创意到制作历时六年之久，该片被百万翘首期盼上映的粉丝称为“神坑”。	As it took six years from creation to production, the film was known as a “super deceiver” by millions of fans who were looking forward to its release.
《大鱼海棠》讲述了一个属于中国人的奇幻故事。随着此次定档预告片的公布，又为所有观众带来全新的期待。	“Big Fish & Begonia” is a Chinese fantasy. The announcement of the trailers for the scheduled release has once again led to new expectations among all viewers.
梁旋说：“这12年只做了这一件事，现在它从一个梦变成了现实，我是既紧张又兴奋”。	Liang Xuan said, “I’ve only done this one thing in the last 12 years. Now it has turned from a dream into reality. I’m both nervous and excited”.
张春称：“老想着用别人五十分之一的预算，做出和别人完全一样的画面效果，团队都要被我逼疯了。”	Zhang Chun said, “I kept thinking of using one-fiftieth of other people’s budget to come up with an image effect that was completely identical to these other people’s. I drove our entire team up the wall.”
东莞这个曾经依靠来料加工和大批普工起家的“世界工厂”，正将目光投向那些能够引领这座城市重新定位的高水平人才。	Dongguan, the “Factory of the World” which once made its fortune on industrial processing and large numbers of general workers, is looking to high-level talent to help the city reposition itself.
近日东莞市政府举办的高层次人才活动周上，第一财经记者看到，当地一些颇具实力的企业纷纷参加人才洽谈会。	The Dongguan government recently held a high-level talent week event. Reporters from China Business Network noticed a number of reputable local enterprises participating in the talent fair.
在橘红色背景墙映衬下格外鲜亮的广告牌上，它们各自标出了不菲的价码。	On the bright advertising board against a tangerine colored wall, they listed their respective exorbitant price tags.
因此，中国电视剧制作产业协会决定，将联合全国电视剧制作行业，签署自律公约。	Therefore, China Television Drama Production Industry Association will work together with the television drama production industry nationwide to sign a self-discipline convention.
普罗旺斯薰衣草受到气候变化的威胁	Provence lavender under threat from climate change
薰衣草已经成为法国南部普罗旺斯市的象征，但现在有个坏消息，它正受到气候变化带来的威胁。	It has become a symbol of Provence in southern France, but there is a warning that it's under threat from climate change.
由于持续干旱和出现携带病毒的昆虫，薰衣草正在衰败，这让正在试图寻找解决方案的科学家和农民头痛不已。	Lavender is in decline because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, causing a major headache for scientists and farmers attempting to find solutions.
位于普罗旺斯的农业研究所 (CRIEPPAM) 的专家艾瑞克?蔡斯 (Eric Chaisse) 说：“普罗旺斯的薰衣草正面临着巨大的威胁，因为近年来该植物受到了气候变化的影响，春季降雨大幅减少，而秋季则阴雨绵绵。	Eric Chaisse, an expert at the Provence-based agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM, said: "Lavender in Provence is effectively endangered, because in recent years the plant has been subjected to the effects of climate change that brought a lot less rain in the spring and mostly in the autumn.
这会影响到薰衣草的生命周期。	This affects the lifespan of lavender.
还有一种个体较小的蝉，一种可以传播微小细菌的叶蝉，在非常干燥的天气中，它们会大量出现。“	There's also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria transmitting leaf hopper, and in very dry weather there are lots of them."
关键在于其数量巨大。	And a lot is at stake.
清雅的薰衣草场除了可以吸引度假者外，薰衣草油还受到香水和化妆品行业的追捧。	As well as attracting holidaymakers, lavender oil is highly sought after for perfume and cosmetics.
艾瑞克?蔡斯说：“与可以开许多大花，具有很长谷穗的植株相反，我们的则存在个体较小，发育不良、缺失或孱弱不足的问题。	Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a number of large flowers, we have smaller ones, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.
所以我们的精油含量更少。”	So we have fewer parts with essential oil."
正在研究的解决方案包括采取更好的灌溉技术和减缓土壤水分的蒸发，向植株上喷洒粘土和水的保护性混合物，以及开发更为耐旱的品种。	Solutions being looked at include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mix of clay and water and developing varieties more resistant to dry conditions.
相比起电影中的科幻元素，两位主演纷纷表示更吸引他们的是影片中的故事。	Compared to the sci-fi elements in the movie, the two lead actors said that it was the movie’s plot that attracted them.
9月5日下午，华西都市报记者，连续采访多位相声界的知名人士，还有两位相声表演艺术家，令人吃惊的是，他们几乎保持一致沉默。	On the afternoon of September 5, West China City Daily reporters consecutively interviewed numerous renowned personalities in the cross talk circle, as well as two cross talk artistes. What was surprising was that they were unanimously silent most of the time.
一位是柏林影帝，一位是上升期青年演员，《心理罪》也是廖凡和李易峰的首次搭档。	One is a Silver Bear Best Actor, the other, an up-and-coming young actor; “Guilty of Mind” is the first partnership between Liao Fan and Li Yifeng.
墨西哥危险重重，新闻记者被杀	A journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico
《Riodoce》周报的全体员工通常都会在周三集会，回顾他们对锡那罗州骚乱的报道计划，这些骚乱由犯罪组织、腐败官员和无尽的毒品战争引起。	The staff of the weekly newspaper Riodoce normally meets on Wednesdays to review their plans for coverage of the most recent mayhem wrought in Sinaloa state by organized crime, corrupt officials and ceaseless drug wars.
但是今天，悲剧的阴影笼罩着他们自己，他们汇聚一堂讨论安全问题。	But on this day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they've come together to talk about security.
他们被告知要改变他们的日常习惯，这很重要。	It's important to change their routines, they are told.
两名资深记者讨论了哪种更让人感到安全：究竟该把他们的孩子带到办公室（办公室曾在 2009 年遭到手榴弹袭击），还是该把他们留在家里。	Two senior journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children with them to the office, which was the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
安全专家在房间前面的黑板上写下了三个单词：敌人、中立者和盟友。	Security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: adversaries, neutrals, allies.
他们让这些记者在每一栏下列出名字——不需要证据，观察和直觉就够了。	They ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
有怀疑在政府名单上的毒贩、政客、商人和记者，或者卡特尔，这帮恶棍让墨西哥的报道工作危险重重。	There are drug-traffickers, politicians, businesspeople, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of villains who make the job of covering Mexico's chaos perilous.
暴力从不停歇，全国尸横遍野，其中有越来越多记者：根据保护记者委员会的记录，自总统恩里克·培尼亚·涅托于 2012 年 12 月上位以来，已经至少有 25 名记者死亡；589 名记者在遭到袭击与威胁后受联邦保护；今年目前为止，有至少 7 名记者在 7 个州内死去。	There is no respite from the violence, and as bodies pile up across the country, more and more of them are journalists: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists; 589 under federal protection after attacks and threats; and so far this year, at least seven dead in seven states.
上一个死去的是他们的编辑和灵感来源，同时也是《Riodoce》的联合创始人哈维尔·瓦尔迪兹·卡德纳斯。	Among the latest is their editor and inspiration, Riodoce co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
瓦尔迪兹写过很多关于毒品暴力的书籍，他在其中一本中这样写道：“最大的错误就是住在墨西哥并成为一个记者。”	"The greatest error is to live in Mexico and to be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on narco-violence.
大家能够深切感觉到他已经离开，虽然他无处不在——一张巨大的照片挂在《Riodoce》办公楼的正面，瓦尔迪兹竖着中指，配词“正义”；亚伦·伊瓦拉和米里亚姆·拉米雷斯这两位 30 多岁的记者穿的 T 恤上还展示着他的笑容，他戴着眼镜或他标志性的巴拿马草帽。	His absence is felt deeply, although his presence is everywhere - a large photo of Valdez displaying his middle finger, with the word "Justice," hangs on the facade of the Riodoce building; two reporters on their 30s, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts that display his smiling, bespectacled face or his trademark Panama hat.
研讨会在他去世后不到两个月的时间召开；记者们纷纷讨论他们共同的创伤、噩梦、失眠和多疑症。	The workshop takes place less than two months after his death; the reporters discuss their shared trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
虽然 2010 年成立了一个特殊的联邦检察官办公室来处理记者案件，但是根据保护记者委员会的记录，该办公室只起诉了两人。	Although a special federal prosecutor's office was established in 2010 to handle the journalists' cases, it has only prosecuted two, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.
每年数千宗犯罪案件中大部分都涉及贩毒与组织犯罪，所以很少能将杀害记者的凶手绳之以法。	As with most of the thousands of murders tied to drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists are rarely brought to justice.
在《Riodoce》，他们坚持报道锡那罗州的暴力事件，虽然他们已经心碎，虽然这片土地已千疮百孔。	At Riodoce, they persist in covering the violence of Sinaloa, though they are heartbroken, though the terrain is more treacherous now.
伊瓦拉说，没有凶手信息，没有伸张正义，那么召开安全讨论会也没多大用。	Without information on the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security, says Ibarra, is of little use.
他说“浪费时间参加这样的研讨会真是愚蠢。	"It's very foolish to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
只要我们不知道为什么，你就不相信任何人。”	"As long as we don't know why, you distrust everyone."
5 月 15 日早晨，瓦尔迪兹离开首府库利亚坎的《Riodoce》办公室。	On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital of Culiacan.
他的红色丰田卡罗拉只开出了几个街区就被两个男人拦住；他们逼迫他下车，开了 12 枪，猜测是因为报纸的名字——翻译为《十二道河》。	He managed to drive just a couple blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men; he was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably for the name of the paper - which translates as Twelfth River.
歹徒开着他的车离开，并在附近将其撞毁。	The gunman drove away in his car and crashed it nearby.
瓦尔迪兹 50 岁了。	Valdez was 50 years old.
留下他的妻子和两个已经成年的孩子。	He left a wife and two adult children.
库利亚坎流言四起。	Rumors tend to fly freely in Culiacan.
但是关于瓦尔迪兹的话题，实际上除了沉默什么也没有。	But on the subject of Valdez, there's practically nothing but silence.
自从去年古兹曼被捕并于 1 月份引渡美国，锡那罗州已经成为这个国家最血腥的战场，各敌对势力疯狂厮杀。	Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlegrounds as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.
锡那罗州的街道上每天都有一个或几个人被枪杀，墓地里布满了毒枭华丽的两层陵墓，这些已经司空见惯。	Never mind that someone or several people are shot dead in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is filled with ornate, two-story mausoleums for drug kings, larger than many homes for the living.
暂时忘记“平静”的状态是只有一个卡特尔控制这个海滨州及其通往美国的港口和贩毒路线的时候。	Forget for a minute that a state of "calm" is when just one cartel is in control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug-trafficking routes to the United States.
即使如此，即使瓦尔迪兹深刻知道这份工作的危险性，但 60 岁的《Riodoce》联合创始人兼董事伊斯梅尔·波荷奎还是因为没有保护好他的朋友而愧疚不已。	Despite that, and the fact that Valdez was intimately aware of the perils of his work, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, is wracked with guilt for failing to protect his friend.
他相信两个错误造成了这次悲剧。	He believes two errors contributed to the killing.
第一，2 月份出版了达马索·洛佩兹采访，他领导着一个与古兹曼几个儿子对战的卡特尔集团。	First there was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions at war with Guzman's sons.
这份报道可能激怒了这几个儿子；报纸一送到报摊就被嫌疑帮派成员买断。	The piece may have angered the sons; suspected gang members bought up every copy of the edition as soon as they were delivered to newsstands.
第二个错误是在另一份报道同一个故事的报纸被没收后没有强迫瓦尔迪兹为自身安全考虑离开墨西哥。	The second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that carried the same story.
瓦尔迪兹在墨西哥及国外是一个传奇，他的死对墨西哥针对记者的暴力具有重大意义。	Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is seen as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
他的精神长存，他的朋友和同事相信他一直与我们同在。	He'd survived for so long, his friends and colleagues assumed he'd always be there.
2003 年他还是《Noroeste》的资深记者，当年他联合了五位同事创办了《Riodoce》，卖了 50 美元的股份。	He was a veteran reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he joined five colleagues in creating Riodoce, selling $50 shares.
波荷奎说，在锡那罗州，“踏足新闻业不可能不跟毒品问题打交道。”	In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without touching the narco issue," said Bojorquez.
随着时间的流逝，该报因大胆诚实的报道赢得了不错的声誉，销量和广告也增加了。	Over time the paper earned a reputation for brave and honest coverage, and sales and advertising increased.
记者喜欢能够发表直击要害的调查报道而不用担心审查，读者也喜欢报纸发表其他人不敢报道的故事。	Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication where they could read stories nobody else dared to cover.
《Riodoce》在创办五年后获得了拉美国家玛利亚摩斯卡波新闻奖。	Eight years after Riodoce was founded, it won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot award for coverage in Latin America.
同年保护记者协会授予瓦尔迪兹国际新闻自由奖，表彰他追求最真实的墨西哥毒品报道的勇气。	That same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists for his courage in pursuing the Mexican drug story wherever it led.
他坦言自己也很害怕。	He freely acknowledged that he was frightened.
在保护记者协会授予奖项的时候，他说“我想要继续活下去。”	"I want to carry on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
后来在 10 月份下旬，他在当地电视台 Rompeviento TV的一次采访中称“在锡那罗州，贩毒是一种生活方式，	Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV.
你必须以记者的身份承担落到你肩上的任务——要么如此，要么装聋作哑。	"You have to assume the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.
我不想被问道‘面对这么多死亡，你做了什么......为什么你不对正在发生的事发声？’”	I don't want to be asked, 'What were you doing in the face of so much death ... why didn't you say what was going on?'"
《Riodoce》的全体员工都很怀念瓦尔迪兹，怀念他像一个码头工人一样咒骂不休，怀念这位从不吝惜拥抱与建议的朋友，怀念这位知道如何活下去的老师。	The Riodoce staff misses Valdez, the jokester who swore like a longshoreman, the friend generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
他们依赖于他的习惯。	They relied on his routine.
他过去常常戴着那顶帽子。	He would always wear his hat.
常去办公室对面的那家 El Guayabo 酒吧，也总是坐在同一张桌子上。	He would go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and would always sit at the same table.
现在，他们会问：是他的日常习惯造成了他的陨落吗？	Now, they ask: Was his love of routine his downfall?
他的死也让他们不得不去思考如何做好工作并好好活下去的问题。	His death also has forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.
波荷奎说，“他们不喜欢你给他们的女人和孩子惹麻烦，也不喜欢你影响他们的合法公司和用于运送毒品的秘密机场。	"They don't like it if you mess with their women, their children, their clean businesses, their clandestine airstrips" used to move drugs.
这些都越过了他们的底线。”	"Those things were off-limits," said Bojorquez.
结果是，即使在最安全的时候，也要保持高度的自我审查和自我保护。	The result is, even in the best of times, a high-level of self-censorship and self-preservation.
相信自己的直觉。	Trusting one's instincts.
如果你嗅到了危险的气息，赶紧远离。	If it smells wrong, stay away.
《Riodoce》编辑安德烈斯·维拉里尔说，问题是“气息是一种会被欺骗的感觉......然后就会发生哈维尔那样的事。”	The trouble, said Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, is that "smell is a sense that can be fooled ... and then the thing with Javier happened."
他和其他人都说以前的规则已不再适用于锡那罗州——就像已经不再适用于塔毛利帕斯州、韦拉克鲁斯州、格雷罗州和其他州一样，这些州的走私路线利润丰厚，而各机构势微，政府官员腐败，乌烟瘴气。	The old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they don't in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
局势在不停地变换。	The landscape constantly shifts.
在《Riodoce》员工参加安全培训的房间里，突然就不允许使用手机；几天前，据称仅出售给政府的间谍软件在墨西哥已经用于监视记者和活动分子。	In the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, suddenly no cellphones were allowed; days before, it was revealed that spyware sold exclusively to governments had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
外面，两名警察在树荫下乘凉，躲避 104 度（40 摄氏度）的高温。	Outside, two police officers sought relief from the 104-degree (40 Celsius) heat in the shade of a tree.
他们是州政府派来保护《Riodoce》的办公室的，这些办公室位于库利亚坎中层阶级街区一栋四层楼高的大楼里。	They were assigned by the state government to guard Riodoce's offices, housed in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.
一些记者半开玩笑地调侃道不知道这些警察会不会就属于州长自己说的那信不过的 50%。	Half-jokingly, some of the reporters wondered whether these officers are among the 50 percent of cops whom the governor himself has said are not trustworthy.
记者们去山区已经几个月了，那里的贩毒集团处于实际存在的控制之下。	It has been months since the reporters have gone into the mountainous countryside, where the drug gangs are in de facto control.
这周的《Riodoce》主要报道了三件大事。	For this week's edition Riodoce was looking at three main stories.
其中有锡那罗州伟大的前拳击手胡里奥·塞萨尔·查韦斯的兄弟被杀事件，	There was the killing of former boxing great Julio Cesar Chavez's brother in Sinaloa.
还有州长家乡的政府经费披露，	They also had an expose on government spending concentrated in the governor's hometown.
以及库利亚坎一家昂贵的餐厅内的绑架事件，这家餐厅距离检察官的办公室只有一个街区。	And there was a group kidnapping in one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.
官方并没有发布被绑架对象和绑架过程的信息，因此写下这个城市都知道的事情时需要慎之又慎：那就是这家餐厅是毒贩和官方都爱去的地方。	There was no official word on who was abducted or how it happened, so caution set in when it came time to write what everyone in the city knows: that the restaurant is a favorite of both drug traffickers and authorities.
一位记者从公共档案得知该餐厅登记在执政党革命制度党 (PRI) 一位政客名下，该党几乎在整个上个纪都主宰着各个政治阶层。	A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party, or PRI, which dominated all levels of politics for nearly all of the last century.
最近，几位革命制度党州长在几宗受高度重视的案件中被指贪污。	Recently several PRI governors have been accused of corruption in high-profile cases.
维拉里尔要求记者写一写之前在事发地点发生的事，包括墨西哥头号大毒枭古兹曼的一个儿子躲避军事袭击的事件。	Villarreal asked the reporter to write about prior incidents in that locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.
如果在几个月前，读者们会查看瓦尔迪兹的专栏，寻找对此次绑架事件最有力的信息。	Just months before, readers would have looked to Valdez's column for the best-sourced information about the kidnapping.
46 岁的维拉里尔因为身材单薄，人称“瘦子”，他说“在以前，我们早就已经知道发生了什么事。	"Before, we would have already known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" for his slender build.
现在我们所有的信息来源沟通渠道都被掐断。	"Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."
瓦尔迪兹的办公室现在被用来储藏抗议杀害记者的标识和贴纸，因为员工们成为了他们从没想要成为的样子：代表媒体的积极分子。	Valdez's office has been repurposed as a storage room for signs and stickers protesting journalist killings, as staff have become something they never expected to be: activists on behalf of the press.
第二天早上记者米里亚姆·拉米雷斯随手抓了一把标识走出房间，前往当地检察官的办公室参加与另一位记者相关的游行。	Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few of the signs and headed out the next morning for a demonstration at the local prosecutor's office over yet another journalist.
萨尔瓦多·阿达梅在瓦尔迪兹被杀三天后在西部的米却肯州失踪。	Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
官方发现了一具被烧焦的尸体，并称根据 DNA 测试，这就是他的尸体。	A burned body has been discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA tests.
在全国范围内，记者们都变得更加直言不讳，他们组织抗议，在人行道和建筑物上涂上“拯救媒体”的字样。	Nationwide, journalists have become more vocal, scrawling "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.
这一天，董事波荷奎并不在华盛顿，他正努力为瓦尔迪兹案伸张正义，争取国际支持。	On this day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to rally international support for justice in the Valdez case.
瓦尔迪兹被杀的第二天，在与锡那罗州州长的会面中，拉米雷斯控诉官方刺探记者信息，并因为他们说出了事实而将他们杀害。	At a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after Valdez was killed, Ramirez accused authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
鉴于她的愤怒已经影响她的客观性，她也要求辞去报道政府事务的职位。	She has since asked to be reassigned from covering the government, concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.
瓦尔迪兹曾不断重申，墨西哥的记者被组织犯罪、同流合污的政府官员和漠不关心的社会“包围”着。	Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico are "surrounded" by organized crime, complicit government officials and an indifferent society.
在他的上一本书《毒品新闻业》中，他写道，记者不仅仅被贩毒集团残害，更是在与组织犯罪同流合污的政客和安全部队的名单上。	In his last book, "Narco-journalism," he wrote that reporters are being killed not just by drug gangs but on the order of politicians and security forces in cahoots with organized crime.
媒体监察集团 Articulo 19 就将去年超过一半的记者袭击归罪于警方和公共官员。	The media watchdog group Articulo 19 attributed more than half of attacks on journalists last year to police and public officials.
拉米雷斯说，“在墨西哥，他们让你死就为了让你闭嘴。”	"In Mexico you die because they want to shut you up," Ramirez said.
显然，这些谋杀案令人不寒而栗。	Clearly, the murders have a chilling effect.
没有人忘记六年前，博主玛丽亚·伊丽莎白·马西亚斯死在了塔毛利帕斯北部的边界。	No one forgets the death six years ago of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas.
她的尸体旁有一张据称由泽塔斯卡特尔签署的字条：“我为我的报道而来。”	Her body was found along with a note purportedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am because of my reports."
她的头颅被割下，旁边放着一个电脑键盘和耳机。	A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
，米罗斯拉娃·布雷奇在 3 月被杀后，一些报业选择关闭，比如奇瓦瓦州北部边界的《El Norte》报纸。	Some outlets have opted to close, such as the newspaper El Norte, in the northern border state of Chihuahua, after the killing of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
其他人还在继续，2014 年《El Manana of Nuevo Laredo》的董事被杀，但他们还在继续。	Others keep going, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did following the killing of its director in 2004.
2010 年，Diario de Ciudad Juarez 用一条头版新闻公开对话毒品卡特尔，其标题为“你们想从我们这里得到什么？”	In 2010, Diario de Ciudad Juarez addressed the drug cartels publicly with a front-page editorial titled, "What do you want from us?"
部分记者逃离了他们的家乡，或者甚至离开了这个国家。	Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
这是一个艰难的抉择。	It's a wrenching decision.
流亡中很难找到工作，而且他们在街道上仍需小心谨慎，警惕危险。	It's hard to find work in exile, and they still scan the streets, looking for danger.
有时他们会被捕，据说在 2015 年摄影师鲁本·埃斯皮诺萨在逃离韦拉克鲁斯三个月后在一个墨西哥城市和四名女性一道被杀。	And sometimes, they are hunted down, as apparently was photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 along with four women in a Mexico City apartment three months after fleeing Veracruz.
对于那些待在幕后继续工作的人来说，这是高危决策的日常舞步。	For those who stay behind and continue the work, it's a daily dance of high-risk decisions.
伊瓦拉曾想要成为诗人，他承认报道毒品贸易让他感到恐惧。	Ibarra - who once wanted to be a poet - admits that covering the drug trade scares him.
他说“墨西哥正在变成地狱，所以我成为了一名记者。”	"Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
最近一个星期五的半夜，最新一期的报纸已经付印，《Riodoce》的编辑们坐在办公室外的走道上喝着啤酒，突然，他们的手机响了。	At midnight on a recent Friday, with the latest issue already put to bed, Riodoce editors sat on the sidewalk outside the office, drinking beer, when all at once, their phones began to buzz.
海滩度假城市马萨特兰附近的帮派敌对势力和安全部队发生一系列枪战，已确认 19 人死亡。	A series of shootouts involving gang rivals and security forces near the beach resort city of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.
战事还在升级，正如该地区发现的一系列卡特尔信息预示的那样。	The war continued to escalate, as was promised by a series of cartel messages discovered in the area.
他们就在路边通过手机把新闻上传到《Riodoce》的网站上。	From the curb, via cellphone, they put the news up on Riodoce's website.
第二天的头条不得不更改了。	The front page would have to be changed the next day.
警笛声在附近响起——该地区又发生一起生死决斗的枪战。	Sirens wailed nearby - another shootout in the area.
波荷奎瞥了一眼站在那里护卫的警察，看他们是否警觉起来。	Bojorquez glanced over at the police officers standing guard to see if they were alert.
如果他们有丁点害怕，那么他们也并没有表现出来。	If they were at all afraid, they didn't show it.
这份报纸的创始人已经阵亡，在他的大幅肖像画上，他的中指指向了整个锡那罗州需要眺望的地方，《Riodoce》的全体职员跟随着他的步伐。	Beneath the massive portrait of their newspaper's fallen founder, his middle finger displayed for all of Sinaloa to see, the staff of Riodoce was following in his footsteps.
波荷奎说：“你怎么可以甚至想要关闭呢？哈维尔被杀的同一天，实习生要求我把她派到街上参与报道。”	"How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when the same day Javier was killed the intern asked me to send her out to report on the street?"
中国自驾车旅游2020年市场规模或突破万亿元	Size of China’s self drive tourism market may exceed RMB1 trillion by 2020
[摘要]在消费升级和自由行盛行的大背景下，自驾游受到国家政策的鼓励以及越来越多消费者的喜爱。	[Abstract] Against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading and widespread popularity of free-and-easy travel, self drive tourism has received support from national policies, and is welcomed by an increasing number of consumers.
但与此同时，有望突破万亿规模的自驾游市场却也面临着双重挑战。	At the same time however, the self drive travel market, the size of which is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion, is confronted with twin challenges.
在消费升级和自由行盛行的大背景下，自驾游受到国家政策的鼓励以及越来越多消费者的喜爱。	Against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading and widespread popularity of free-and-easy travel, self drive tourism has received support from national policies, and is welcomed by an increasing number of consumers.
但与此同时，有望突破万亿规模的自驾游市场却也面临着双重挑战，一方面自驾游产业的发展与市场需求不成正比，自驾游俱乐部以及旅行社等自驾游组织者面临着盈利微薄的困境；另一方面，自驾游所面对的基础设施和服务也还处于初级阶段。	At the same time however, the self drive travel market, the size of which is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion, is confronted with twin challenges. On the one hand, the development of the self drive travel industry is out of step with market demand. Self drive travel organizers such as self drive clubs and travel agents are confronted with meager profits. On the other hand, self drive travel ae confronted with infrastructure and services that are still in their infant stages.
占国内游总人次60％，市场规模有望破万亿	Accounting for 60% of total tourists in domestic tourism, with market size expected to exceed RMB1 trillion
2016年全年国内旅游44．4亿人次，自驾游占据国内旅游总人次的60％左右，到2020年自驾游市场规模有望突破万亿。	In 2016, domestic tourism numbered some 4.44 billion persons, with self drive travel accounting for approximately 60% of total tourists in domestic tourism. By 2020, the size of the self drive travel market is expected to exceed RMB1 trillion.
据中国旅游车船协会对自驾车出游人数的统计情况来看，近五年来自驾出游人数持续增长，出游人数占国内旅游人数比例稳定在半数以上。	Statistics concerning the number of persons engaged in self drive travel published by China Tourism Automobile And Cruise Association showed that the number of persons engaged in self drive travel has continued to grow over the last five years. The share of such tourists as a proportion to domestic tourists has stabilized at above 50%.
与此同时，各地区以及国家层面对自驾游这一新兴领域表现出了更多的关注和扶持，2016年到2017年，与自驾车、旅居车和露营旅游有关的政策法规密集出台。	At the same time, all regions as well as the State have shown greater concern and support for self drive tourism, this new emerging sector. From 2016 to 2017, a slew of policies and regulations relevant to vehicles for self drive travel, and motorhome and camping tourism have been promulgated.
2017年7月，国家旅游局、国家体育总局等八部门联合发布了《汽车自驾运动营地发展规划》；同月，发改委、财政部等14个部门联合印发的《促进乡村旅游发展提质升级行动方案（2017年）》中，自驾游被重点提及。	In July 2017, eight government agencies including the China National Tourism Administration and the State General Administration of Sports jointly issued the “Plans for the Development of Automobile Campsites for Self Drive Sports”. In the same month, in the “Action Plan for Advancing Quality Enhancement and Upgrading in Rural Travel Development (2017)“ jointly printed and circulated by 14 government agencies including the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, self drive travel was mentioned as a priority.
政策的出台，为国内自驾游发展提供了机遇与政策引导。	The introduction of policy measures has provided opportunities and policy guidance for the development of domestic self drive travel.
自驾游俱乐部盈利微薄，完整产业链是关键	Self drive travel clubs make meager profits; complete industry chain is key
虽然国内的自驾游市场潜力巨大，国家政策积极引导，但自驾游行业仍然处在初级阶段。	Although there is enormous potential in the self drive travel market, and active guidance from national policy measures, the self drive travel industry is still at its infancy stage.
据《2016－2017中国自驾游年度发展报告》显示，国内自驾游俱乐部、汽车俱乐部、车友会等达到数千家，但游客自助安排自驾出游的比例却占据大部分，参加车友会、自驾游俱乐部等各类机构的游客占比只15％左右。	According to the “2016-2017 Annual Report on the Development of China’s Self Drive Travel Industry”, domestic self drive travel clubs, automobile clubs and automobile enthusiasts clubs number in the thousands, tourists who arrange their own travel itinerary account for a larger proportion. The proportion of tourists who join automobile enthusiasts clubs, self drive travel clubs and other such entities only account for about 15%.
同时，自主研发自驾游产品的在线旅游企业和传统旅行社也是屈指可数，很多在线旅游平台上售卖的只是一些供应商提供的自驾游产品，一些自驾游俱乐部也是重要的供应商。	Meanwhile, there are only a handful of online tour companies and traditional travel agencies that develop proprietary products for self drive travel. Many online travel platforms only sell self drive travel products provided by some suppliers. Some self drive travel clubs are also key suppliers.
从组织自驾游活动来说，涵盖了“吃、住、行、游、购、娱”多个方面，碎片化程度高，上游供应链重，游客消费随机性大。	In terms of organizing self drive travel activities, this encompass various aspects including “board, lodging, transport, travel, shopping, entertainment”. Fragmentation is high, and upstream supply chain heavy. There is also significant randomness in tourist spending.
北京行天下汽车俱乐部创始人兼CEO李冠杰认为自驾游俱乐部本质上和旅行社是类似的，早期的主要盈利模式都是以线下活动为主，核心点是自驾游线路产品和领队服务。	Li Guanjie, founder and CEO of Beijing XTX Auto Club, believes that self drive travel clubs are similar to travel agencies in essence. The primary earnings model at the initial stage are mainly based on offline activities. The core areas are self drive travel route products and guide services.
但是如今自驾游领域内线路产品同质化严重、领队服务水平参差不齐，自驾游俱乐部面临着再次转型的需求。	However, there is significant product homogeneity in route products within the self drive sector, and the standard of guide services is mixed. Self drive travel clubs are again confronted with the need to restructure.
可以看出，自驾游本身并不是一个独立的产业，而是以其自驾游的位移特点形成了一个跨地域、行业的生态圈，形成完整的产业链十分重要。	It is quite apparent that self drive travel is not an independent industry in and of itself. Rather, it is an inter-regional and -industry ecosystem based on movement characteristics of self drive travel. The creation of a complete industry chain is key.
专家指出，除了基本的旅游消费外，体验是更重要的消费元素。	Experts have pointed out that in addition to basic tourist consumption, experience is a more important consumption element.
因此，对于自驾游行业发展，应增强体验特征，发展“自驾游＋”主题以及自驾游产品的IP。	Hence, with regards to the development of the self drive travel industry, the experience feature should be enhanced. A “self drive travel +” theme as well as self drive travel product IP should be developed.
风景道不仅是道路，汽车营地不应只满足食宿	Scenic routes are not merely roads, and automobile campsites should not merely meet board and lodging requirements
面对自驾游兴起，自驾游的基础配套发展同样也还比较初级。	Confronted with the rise in self drive travel, the development of self drive travel infrastructure is similarly still fairly rudimentary.
李冠杰指出，旅游风景道不只是一条路而已，而是需要将交通跟旅游的元素都融合在里面，但是修公路和做旅游本身是两个部门来负责，交通部门增加旅游元素，也还停留在建设厕所、咨询中心、宣传栏等设施，与旅游的结合度还不高。	Li Guanjie pointed out that scenic travel routes are not merely a road. Rather, traffic and tourism elements should be integrated into it. However, building roads and tourism are the responsibility of two separate department. The increase in tourism element by transport departments are still stuck at the level of building rest rooms, information centers, publicity bulletin boards and other such facilities. Their degree of bonding with the tourism is low.
对比知名的自驾游路线“美国66公路”，建设经验值得借鉴。	These could draw lessons from the building experience of the renowned self drive route of “US Route 66”,
风景道设计不再是出发地到目的地之间最直接快捷的路径，而是遵从“体验驾车乐趣”的设计理念，为自驾游客提供欣赏沿路美景的最佳享受；风景道能够将点状、面状旅游景观相联结，既保留了沿线生态旅游资源的历史价值和文化价值，也能举办各类主题性活动增强游客的参与性与游憩体验，为当地旅游业创造经济效益。	The design of scenic routes is no longer the most direct and fastest route from the place of origin to the destination but adhering to the design concept of “experience the joy of driving” so as to provide self drive travelers the best enjoyment of beautiful scenery along the route. Scenic routes are able to connect spots and facets of the travel landscape. These would help retain the historical value and cultural value of the eco-tourism resources along the route. Meanwhile, various thematic activities may also be held to enhance tourist participation and recreation experience, creating economic benefit for the local tourism industry.
除了风景道之外，营地也是自驾游的重要配套设施。	In addition to scenic routes, campsites are also important supporting facilities for self drive travel.
但新京报记者所了解的自驾游游客中，选择在营地住宿的消费者不多。	However, a Beijing News reporter understands from self drive travelers that few consumers would choose to stay at campsites.
他们认为，很多营地偏向于基础建设，只能满足吃住，档次不高，产品单一，无法满足自驾游这种包含很多元素的需求。	They believe that many campsites are infrastructure and can only meet board and lodging requirements. Considered low class with dull product features, they are unable to meet the multi-faceted demands of self drive travel.
有不愿透露姓名的业内人士表示，前几年做营地的企业很多是为了拿地，拿地以后，后期的配套的基础设施建设和服务都没有跟上，经营状况很多都是亏损，而没有后期的资金注入，很难做一些相应的配套产品。	An industry insider who wished to remain anonymous said that a few years ago, enterprises operate campsite mostly for the purpose of acquiring land. After they acquire the land, follow-up development of complementary infrastructure and services have not caught up. These operators are loss-making, and do not have later-stage capital injection. Hence, providing corresponding complementary products proved very difficult.
消费群	Consumer groups
据中国旅游车船协会2017年发布的数据显示，从年龄上来看，自驾游群体集中在21－40岁，其中尤以31－40岁为主，这部分人群拥有一定的经济基础，并且对个性化旅游的需求度较高，且多为亲子游客户。	Data published by the China Tourism Automobile And Cruise Association in 2017 showed that in terms of age, self drive travelers are concentrated in the 21-40 age group, mostly in the 31-40 cohort. This group has a certain level of income, and are relatively demanding in terms of customized travel. Many are family oriented customers.
从住宿调查看，自驾游人群相对更加偏好非标准住宿。	A survey in lodging revealed that self drive travelers prefer non-standard lodging.
从自驾游类型来看，周边自驾是自驾游的最主要类型，占比84．32％。	In terms of self drive travel categories, driving in neighboring areas is the predominant category, accounting for 84. 32%.
出境自驾是很多人的向往，但占比还较小。	Self drive travel overseas is a dream for many, but the proportion is still relatively small.
同时随着消费需求的提升，过去喜欢自驾“游览景点”的游客开始转变观念，不再是自驾游过程中“下车拍照、上车睡觉”，而是更加关注旅行的体验和过程。	Meanwhile, with higher consumption demand, tourists who enjoyed self drive “tour of sights” have begun to change their opinion. Instead of “alighting to take photos, and boarding to sleep” during the self drive travel process, they are now more concerned with the travel experience and process.
恐龙利用伪装躲避敌人	Dinosaur used camouflage to evade its enemies
乍一看，它挺可怕的，但看起来却像一尊雕像。	At first glance, it looks like a statue albeit a terrifying one.
研究人员公布了有关加拿大矿工发现的如犀牛般大小的、不可思议的生物化石的首个研究成果，指出这个化石保存完好，因此，专家们将其称为“恐龙界的蒙娜丽莎””。	Now researchers have revealed the first findings from the incredible rhino-sized creature found by a Canadian miner were so well preserved experts have described it as 'the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs'.
这尊化石保存得非常完好，甚至能够断定其鳞状皮肤的颜色为红棕色。这说明它有过一些“烦恼的经历”。	It was so well preserved, they were even able to determine the colour of its scaly skin was a reddish brown - and say it had something of a 'troubled past'.
《当代生物学》杂志中的相关报道将其描述为“有史以来发现的保存最完好的披甲恐龙，也是世界上最好的恐龙标本之一。”	The report in the journal Current Biology described it as 'the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found, and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.'
该化石是一种新发现的结节龙种类，其生活在 1.1 亿至 1.12 亿年前的白垩纪中期。	The fossil is a newfound species of nodosaur, which lived midway through the Cretaceous period, between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
其保存状态极为完好，震惊了研究人员，他们形容它“真的令人叹为观止”。	It's incredible well preserved state has stunned researchers, who describe it as 'truly remarkable'
据《国家地理杂志》报道，该种草食披甲恐龙化石是有史以来发现的保存最完好的同类恐龙化石。	The armoured plant-eater is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found, according to reports in National Geographic.
2011 年 3 月 21 日，肖恩?芬克 (Shawn Funk) 在加拿大艾伯塔省北部麦克默里堡附近的森科尔千禧矿场挖矿时发现了这具化石。	It was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
当时，他碰到某种似乎与周围岩石不大一样的东西，于是，他决定仔细地看了一下。	He hit something which seemed out of place from the surrounding rock, and decided to take a closer look.
之后，他所发现的化石被送往到加拿大皇家泰瑞尔古生物博物馆。	The fossil he uncovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology.
研究人员耗时 6 年时间才使藏在2500磅（1100 公斤）的土块内部的这具野兽露出真面目。	They spent the next six years working on uncovering the beast within the 2,500-pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.
经过这么艰辛的工作，最终的结果现在才得以公布。	After all that hard work, the finished result is now ready to be unveiled.
“如果你觑着眼看，你几乎会相信它正在睡觉”，皇家泰瑞尔博物馆科学家、第一作者迦勒?布朗 (Caleb Brown) 说道。该生物就在该展览馆展出	'If you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping,' said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.
“它将成为科学史上最美丽，保存最完好的恐龙标本之一 - 恐龙界中的蒙娜丽莎。”	'It will go down in science history as one of the most beautiful and best preserved dinosaur specimens - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs.'
研究人员通过研究其皮肤，发现这种草食生物虽然身披盔甲，就像步行坦克一样，但有可能会受到来自食肉恐龙的重大威胁。	By studying its skin, researchers found that this plant-eater, though covered in armor and resembling a walking tank, likely faced a significant threat from meat-eating dinosaurs.
该种身披重甲的恐龙使用红白伪装来躲避捕食者，并采用被称为“反荫蔽”的隐蔽术，这种手段也被许多现代动物所使用。	The heavily armoured dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators, and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern-day animals.
专家表示，通过这种方式，它能够更好地与周围环境融为一体，从而避开敌人，这表明它被更大的恐龙所捕食。	This would have allowed it to better blend into its surroundings and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting it was preyed on by larger dinosaurs.
这个拥有 1.1 亿年历史的生物属于结节龙家族的一员，在 5 月份首次成为头条新闻，目前正在皇家泰瑞尔古生物博物馆上展出。	The 110-million-year-old creature, part of the nodosaur family, first hit headlines in May and is now on view at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
作为团队成员之一的博物馆技术人员马克?米切尔 (Mark Mitchell) 耗时 7000 个小时精心地揭开该巨兽的面纱后，研究人员现在对其进行研究，并将其命名为“Borealopelta markmitchelli”。	Researchers have now studied and named the beast Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours painstakingly uncovering it.
样本保存极为完好，从而使得米切尔博士，以及国际科学家团队可以对其身上的鳞片和铠甲的图案和形状进行记录。	The amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armour across its body.
他们发现了“反荫蔽”术，这是动物界中一种常见的防御方式，这意味着该种生物的背部比其侧面的颜色更暗。	They discovered countershading, a common method of defence in the animal kingdom, which means the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
尽管“反荫蔽”术很常见，但发现的结果却令人惊讶，因为该种恐龙的体型远远超过了采用反荫蔽术的现有动物。	Although countershading is common, the findings come as surprise because Borealopelta's size far exceeds that of countershaded animals alive today.
这种恐龙面临被肉食恐龙猎杀的压力，从而朝有利的方向进化，使其能够在对垒中隐藏起来，以此作为生存的手段。	It suggests the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure meat-eating dinosaurs that evolution favoured concealment over confrontation as a means of survival.
但是，现存的大多数采用反荫蔽术的动物，比如鹿，斑马或者犰狳等，都像猎物一样小和脆弱，这表明该生物面临着真正的生存压力。	But most contemporary animals that have countershading -- think deer, zebras or armadillos -- are much smaller and more vulnerable as prey, signaling that this nodosaur faced a real struggle to survive.
“大型重甲恐龙遭受疯狂捕食表明，白垩纪的食肉恐龙是多么危险”，布朗说。	'Strong predation on a massive, heavily-armored dinosaur illustrates just how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous must have been,' said Brown.
针对其鳞片中有机复合物的化学分析同样表明该恐龙的皮肤颜色为红棕色。	Chemical analysis of organic compounds in its scales also reveal that the dinosaur's skin would have been reddish brown.
科学家们正在继续研究该生物的生命线索，包括其所保留的胃含物以找出最后进食的食物。	Scientists are continuing to study the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved gut contents to find out what it ate for its last meal.
他们认为，恐龙在死亡时堕入河流中，随后被冲进大海，最后以背朝下的方式沉入海底。	They believe that when the dinosaur died, it fell into a river and was swept out to sea, where it sank on its back to the ocean floor.
当时，艾伯塔省的气候和今天佛罗里达州南部的气候一样温暖，河流和海洋可能比现在更加深入内陆。	At that time, Alberta was as warm as south Florida is today, and rivers and oceans likely spread far further inland than they do now.
布朗说：“这种结节龙真正令人惊叹，因为它被保存的鳞状皮肤完全覆盖，而且，至今被保存在维空间里，从而使其原始形状得以保存。”	'This nodosaur is truly remarkable in that it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, yet is also preserved in three dimensions, retaining the original shape of the animal,' said Brown.
“因此，该种生物现在的形状和白垩纪时的形状几乎一样。	'The result is that the animal looks almost the same today as it did back in the Early Cretaceous.
你无需用太多的想象力来重建它；如果你觑着眼看，你几乎会相信它正在睡觉。”	You don't need to use much imagination to reconstruct it; if you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping.'
白垩纪时期是两足行走的大型兽脚类恐龙在地球上漫游的时期。	The Cretaceous was a time when giant theropods, meat-eating dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the Earth.
尽管霸王龙是恐龙中的王者，但是，它在披甲恐龙之后数百万年才出现。披甲恐龙可能已经被霸王龙的一些祖先捕杀了。	Although the king of them all, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armoured dinosaur may have been hunted by some of its formidable ancestors.
它们包括高棘龙，一种重达 6 吨、长 38 英尺（11.5 米）的巨兽。	They include Acrocanthosaurus, a 38ft (11.5m) long monster weighing six tonnes.
最新研究发现出现在《当代生物学》杂志上的科学家们相信，结节龙死后被冲到海里，之后在泥土中形成了木乃伊。	The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe Borealopelta was washed out to sea after it died and mummified in mud.
2011 年 3 月 21 日，肖恩?芬克在加拿大阿尔伯塔省麦克默里堡附近的千禧矿场挖掘到该生物。	The creature was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
据博物馆介绍，它是世界上保存最完好的披甲恐龙，从鼻子到臀部的区域中的皮肤和盔甲等都是完整的。	According to the museum, it is the best preserved armoured dinosaur in the world, including skin and armour, and is complete from the snout to hips.
这种生物平均长约 18 英尺（5 米），重达 3000 磅（1300 公斤） 。	The creatures were around 18 feet (five metres) long on average, and weighted up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
它有两个 20 英寸长的、从肩部突起的尖角。	It featured two 20-inch-long spikes which protruded from its shoulders.
研究人员认为，这种草食披甲恐龙在现在的加拿大西部地区活动，之后被爆发洪水的河流冲入大海。	The researchers believe that the this armored plant-eater lumbered through what is now western Canada, until a flooded river swept it into open sea.
但是，这种恐龙葬身海底使其披甲得以完整保存。	But the dinosaur's undersea burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
这种特殊样本的化石遗骸保存非常完好，使残留的皮肤仍然覆盖着恐龙头骨上凹凸不平的甲片。	The fossilised remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that remnants of skin still cover bumpy armour plates along the dinosaur's skull.
正如迈克尔?格瑞斯考 (Michael Greshko) 在《国家地理》杂志上所写的那样，这种保存程度就像中彩一样，是十分罕见的。	As Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such level of preservation 'is a rare as winning the lottery.
我越看越觉得它令人难以置信。	The more I look at it, the more mind-boggling it becomes.
残留的皮肤化石仍然覆盖在恐龙颅骨上斑驳的盔甲之上。	Fossilized remnants of skin still cover the bumpy armor plates dotting the animal's skull.
它的右前掌位于其侧面，五个足趾向上展开。	Its right forefoot lies by its side, its five digits splayed upward.
我可以将其甲片统计出来。”	I can count the scales on its sole.'
记者了解到，将天然或植物源的海藻酸类、腐植酸类和氨基酸类增效载体加入到尿素生产工艺中可对传统尿素进行改性增效，形成的海藻酸尿素、锌腐酸尿素、禾谷素尿素氮素利用率较普通尿素提高5～10个百分点。	Reporters understand that adding alginate, humic acid and amino acid nutrient carriers of natural or plant sources into the production process of urea would change modify and enhance the benefit of traditional urea. The alginate urea, zinc fulvate urea and aminoglutanic acid urea nitrogen utilization rate was 5 to 10 percentage points higher than general urea.
环境友好，作物增产潜力明显，尤其大颗粒增值尿素更是BB肥的优质原料。	In a positive environment, an increase in crop yield potential will be significant; in particular, large value-added urea pallets are quality raw materials for bulk blending fertilizer.
这一安保人员总数要比2012年伦敦奥运会的安保人数多出一倍。	The total number of security personnel is double that of the 2012 London Olympics.
为确保里约奥运会的安全，巴西将启动有史以来最大规模的安保联动计划。	In order to ensure the safety of the Rio Olympics, Brazil will start the largest ever security linkage plan.
之前，巴西政府表示，来自军队和警察的总共8.5万人将协同作战，其中包括2万名军人和6.5万名警察。	Earlier, Brazil government has said that a total of 85,000 troops and polices, including 20,000 troops and 65,000 polices, will fight together for the security of the Olympics.
大部分军人将负责保卫奥运场馆，而新增的3000名军人将负责国际机场、地铁站和街道的安保工作。	Most troops will be responsible for safeguarding the Olympic venues, while the new 3,000 troops will be responsible for the security of international airports, subway stations and streets.
警察则在城市其他地方巡逻，包括地铁、公交和街道。	The polices will patrol around other areas of the city, including subways, buses and streets.
据悉，目前已经有6000名军人抵达里约为奥运安保服务。	It is reported that 6,000 soldiers have arrived in Rio and provided security services for the Olympics.
他们除了负责里约奥运会的四大赛区外，还负责在机场以及连接机场和奥运场馆的主要道路上巡逻。	In addition to the four competition areas, they will also patrol airports and main roads connecting airports to the Olympic venues.
服务行业引入评价机制早已不是新鲜事，要想使评价机制发挥实效，重要的是让监管更有效，不流于形式。	Appraisal mechanisms in the services sector are nothing new. The key to having these appraisal mechanisms play an effective role is to have more effective supervision, rather than being a mere formality.
激进主义分子如何学习回答这个问题：“谁的街道？”	How one activist came to learn the answer to the question: 'Whose Streets?'
2014 年 8 月 9 日，布列塔尼·费雷尔内心惶惑不安。	On Aug. 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to her core.
在抵达纽约市旅行的第一天，这位圣路易斯人就坐在爱彼迎租住床上，在手机上浏览脸谱网。	Just a day after arriving in New York City on a trip, the St. Louis native sat on the bed of an Airbnb she was renting, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.
她偶然发现一位高中生的帖子。	She stumbled upon a post from someone from high school.
上面写道“警察刚杀死一个 18 岁的孩子，孩子还躺在街上”。	"The police just killed an 18 year old kid and he's still laying in the street," it read.
她发现馈送信息上没有其他人发布这条信息，她感到很困惑。她关了脸谱网，打开推特。	Confused, noticing no one else on her feed had posted the information, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
一位 @TheePharoah 用户不断给她推送动态时报。	A user with the handle @TheePharoah was being constantly retweeted onto her timeline.
圣路易斯地区的说唱歌手现场推特直播迈克尔·布朗的死亡事件。迈克尔·布朗是一名未携带武器的 18 岁黑人，在密苏里州弗格森被一名白人警察打死。	The St. Louis-area rapper was live-tweeting the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
他贴了一张布朗失去生命体征的身体躺在街上的图片，他的尸体在街上躺了四个小时。	He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out in the street, where it would stay for four hours.
“疯了，”费雷尔心想。	"This is wild," Ferrell thought to herself.
但对她和她所在的社区来说，死亡并不是什么新鲜事。	But death was nothing new for her and her community.
她放下手机，直到当天晚上才再次打开推特，读到关于坎菲尔德大道众人聚集的推文。	She put down her phone only to return later that evening to tweets about people gathering on Canfield Drive.
有警察录像和人们叫喊的照片，还有一个自称是布朗父亲的人的照片，上面写着：“弗格森警察刚刚杀死了我手无寸铁的儿子！”	There were photos of police tape and people yelling, and of a guy claiming to be Brown's father holding a sign that read, "Ferguson police just killed my unarmed son!"
她看到一条现场馈送消息，一名警察用带着一条吠犬站在一群抗议者面前。	She watched a live feed where a police officer stood in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
她说，在另一个视频中，另一名警察举起他的步枪尖叫道：“我会杀死你们所有人......畜牲。”	In another video, a different cop, she said, cocked his rifle and screamed, "I'll kill all you ... animals."
“这不正常，”费雷尔回忆时说道。	"'This is not usual,'" Ferrell recalled saying.
“这不是我们习以为常的、可以称之为典型的谋杀事件。”	"'This isn't the type of murder that we've become used to and can call typical.'
那一刻，我感到不寒而栗。	In that moment I felt chills.
我很生气，气哭了。”	I was angry and crying."
她预定了回程航班，第二天就回家了。	She booked a return flight and went home the next day.
下午 11 点着陆后，她从父亲家接走了 6 岁的女儿，决定两人第二天早上前往弗格森。	After landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her dad's house and decided the two of them would head to Ferguson the next morning.
在接下来的三年里，费雷尔和弗格森发生了什么事情，就是 8 月 11 日在影院上映的一部新纪录片“谁的街道？”的主题。	What happened, to Ferrell and to Ferguson in the following almost three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?," in theaters Aug. 11.
这是一个有关从居住在这个社区、挤满大街小巷要求获得答案的人们的角度，讲述生存和抗议、爱和失落、力量和坚韧的故事。	It's a tale of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience from the vantage point of the people who live in the community and packed the streets demanding answers.
费雷尔和女儿（穿着花裙子、带着冠冕配饰）一起开车去弗格森时，两人重新讨论了她们在那天早上之前讨论过无数次的话题--“关于黑人经历和黑人状况”。	As Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a floral dress and matching crown, the two revisited a conversation they'd had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and black condition."
“你还记得我教过你什么时候黑人不得不为自己的信仰而战吗？”她回忆道。	"You remember how I taught you about when black people had to fight for what they believed in?" she recalled saying.
“我们现在要去弗格森，因为警方杀死了一名 18 岁的男孩，这是不对的。	"We're going to Ferguson right now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.
我不得不带上她，”费雷尔后来说。	I couldn't not take her," Ferrell said later.
“今天发生的事情是过去所有事情的......高潮。	"This happening today is a culmination of ... that has happened in the past.
她要知道、看到并且从这件事中崛起。	She needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.
她不仅需要在激进主义和组织方面发展良好，而且要了解黑人经历和黑人状况的不同层面，了解我们必须做什么才能获得自由和解放。	She needs to be well developed in the area of not just activism and organizing but knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black condition and what we must do to get free, to free ourselves.
即使我有幸为她提供她没有亲身体验过的种族主义经历，她与别的黑人女孩也没有什么不同。	Even if I'm fortunate enough to provide her an experience where she doesn't personally experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.
如果我在这件事情上保护她，我觉得我是在伤害她。”	I feel like I would be doing her a disservice to shield her from that."
他们抵达弗格森的第一站位于南佛罗里桑路警察局对面的一个场地。激进分子等到警官达伦·威尔逊最终不予起诉的结果后，这个场地就成为了他们的营地。	The first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a site across from the police department that became a campground of sorts as the activists awaited word of Officer Darren Wilson's eventual non-indictment.
费雷尔和她女儿与一位做袋装午餐的当地企业老板联系上。	There Ferrell and her daughter linked up with a local business owner who was making sack lunches.
他们准备了袋子，负责将袋子传给抗议者。	They prepared bags and helped pass them out to protesters.
慢慢地，费雷尔开始形成一种新型的行动主义。	Slowly, a new type of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
她说道，“我的激进主义在 8 月 9 日之后彻底改变了。”在密苏里州立大学圣路易斯分校就读本科时，她是少数民族护士生协会主席，关注黑人社区的粮食正义与健康差距问题。	"My activism completely transformed after Aug. 9," she said, noting that while an undergrad at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student Nurses Assn. and focused on food justice and health disparities in black communities.
“我没有组织经验。	"I had no experience in organizing.
这一切就这么来了。”	It all just came."
几周之后，费雷尔在一场夜间游行中与影片联合导演萨巴赫·福莱扬会面。	Weeks later, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors, during an evening demonstration.
福莱扬说她和她的摄影导演卢卡斯·阿尔瓦拉多·法勒“只是想记录”发生了什么。	Folayan said she and her director of photography Lucas Alvarado-Farrar "just wanted to document" what was happening.
费雷尔脑海中浮现一个问题：“你是想记录还是想找到一个你可以加以利用的故事？”	A question came to Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story that you can exploit?"
这种怀疑来源于很多这种案例：人们 - 通常是白人 - 进入一个社区，以从其痛苦和坚韧中获得利益。	That skepticism was informed by countless instances of people - often white - coming into a community to profit off its pain and resilience.
正如福莱扬在最近一次采访中所解释的那样，“我们听说在弗格森土生土长的人们没有集中他们的声音，而我们想要以不同的方式去做。”	As Folayan explained in a recent interview, "We had heard that people who are born and raised in Ferguson were not having their voices centered, and we wanted to do it differently."
福莱扬已经与联合导演戴蒙·戴维斯联系上。戴蒙·戴维斯是一位以针对死囚犯的激进主义而闻名的地区艺术家。	Folayan had already linked up with co-director Damon Davis, an area artist known for his activism around death row inmates.
他的参与使费雷尔和其他六位当地人一起加入了“谁的街道？”项目团队，在布朗遭枪击之后几年中一直不离不弃。	His involvement endeared Ferrell to the project, along with six other locals the "Whose Streets?" team followed in the years after Brown's shooting.
“这部纪录片不是有人为我们说话或与我们谈话，这是我们的发言。”戴维斯说。	"This documentary is not somebody speaking for us or speaking to us, it's us speaking," Davis said.
“我主要关注这些人物如何呈现，因为这也是我被呈现的方式。”	"That was the main thing for me, how these people will be represented, because that's how I will be represented."
尽管目标不是关注费雷尔的经历 – 而是展现这次运动“不是关于救世主领导者，而是关于社区凝聚力”，福莱扬说 – 事实证明她是电影参与者中最开放的。	While the goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - in an effort to show that the movement is "not about a messiah leader but a community coming together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open of the film's participants.
结果，“谁的街道？”令人惊讶地记录了费雷尔的个人生活，比如坠入爱河、步入结婚。	As a result, "Whose Streets?" documents surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, like falling in love and marrying her wife.
“我感觉自己赤裸裸的，”费雷尔第一次看到成品时大笑起来。	"I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing about the first time she saw the finished product.
“但我明白，做这项工作并将黑人人性化，必须要有一定程度的脆弱性。”	"But I understood that with doing this work and humanizing black folks, there has to be a level of vulnerability."
此外，费雷尔的故事重申并重新定位了黑人酷儿女性在更广泛的黑人生活事件运动中的角色。	Moreover, Ferrell's story reiterates and re-centers the role of black queer women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
该运动三位创始人中的两位 -- 在 2012 年黑人青少年特雷沃恩·马丁枪击案之后在社交媒体上创造了#BlackLivesMatter -- 被认定为酷儿。	Two of the movement's three founders - who coined #BlackLivesMatter on social media in the aftermath of the 2012 killing of black teen Trayvon Martin - identify as queer.
“领导层中的黑人酷儿女性总体上支撑了这一运动，”费雷尔说，“那是因为我们在多个战线上不断战斗。	"Black queer women in leadership has sustained the movement overall," said Ferrell, "and that's because we're constantly at battle on multiple fronts.
黑人酷儿女性必须承受这一切。”	Black queer women have to bear the brunt of it all."
福莱扬同意并提到“这个运动真的得到了黑人女性和许多黑人酷儿女性的支持。”	Folayan agreed noting that "the movement is really upheld by black women and a lot of queer black women."
因为她的身份，费雷尔被选为影片的核心。然而，她坚称“这不是对为事情的肯定行动”。	She insists, however, that "this is not some affirmative action type of thing" where Ferrell was chosen as the film's heart because of her identities.
“她是激发这种能量的人，”她说。	"She was the person who was galvanizing this energy," she said.
“虽然她在前线，但这并不是巧合。因为在这些十字路口的生活中，作为一个黑人酷儿女性，你有很多事情要做。	"It's not a coincidence though she was on the front lines, because living life at those intersections as a black queer woman, you have so much on the line.
通过荧幕，你可以感受到她的能量。”	You can feel her energy through the screen."
与此同时，在弗格森，新闻摄影机早已消失，但社区和警方之间紧张的种族关系依然存在。	Meanwhile, back in Ferguson, the news cameras are long gone but fraught racial ties between the community and police persist.
由于在一次游行期间试图封锁高速公路，费雷尔被判两年半以上缓刑。	Ferrell is on probation for 2½ more years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.
她描述她称之为家的地区的社会政治氛围：“一团糟。”	She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home simply: "A mess."
尽管如此，自从三年前走上弗格森街头时，她一直坚持自己努力铭记的圣歌。	Still, she clings to a chant she's committed to memory since taking to Ferguson's streets a full three years ago.
“我们有责任为自由而战。	"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
我们有责任赢得胜利。	It is our duty to win.
我们必须相亲相爱相互支持。	We must love and support each other.
我们再无可失，除了身上的枷锁。”	We have nothing to lose but our chains."
事实上，十年之前网络上就已经提供在线翻译服务了，而其实在很早以前，关于“机器即将替代人类进行翻译”的论调就不绝于耳。	Online translation services were actually already available on the Internet a decade ago, and in fact, a very long time ago, there was a prevalent view that “machines will replace human translation”.
相似之处：艺术家使用切尔西?曼宁 (Chelsea Manning) 的 DNA 创作肖像	A Becoming Resemblance: artist creates portraits using Chelsea Manning's DNA
在纽约弗里德曼美术馆的展馆中央有多个面孔：白色、黑色和棕色的，每个面孔之间都有着几乎难以察觉的相似之处,这些面孔则由从天花板上垂下的线绳系着。	In the center of the room at New York's Fridman Gallery are multiple faces - white, black and brown, each bearing an almost imperceptible resemblance to one another - suspended on wires from the ceiling.
这30幅肖像画是由艺术家希瑟?杜威?哈格堡 (Dewey-Hagborg) 使用切尔西?曼宁寄给她的脸颊棉签和头发碎屑进行创作的。	The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and hair clippings sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
曼宁从利文沃斯堡监狱寄出头发碎屑，因通过维基解密网站泄露了机密外交电报，该名前情报分析人员被判处在此服刑35年。	Manning sent the clippings from the Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year sentence after famously leaking classified diplomatic cables through the website WikiLeaks.
展览于 8 月 2 日开幕，标题是“相似之处”。	The new exhibition, which opened on 2 August, is titled A Becoming Resemblance.
这是两年来杜威?哈格堡和曼宁的通信的成果，杜威?哈格堡将其学科与自己在技术、计算机科学和艺术相结合，而曼宁是一个著名的不同政见者，曾入狱，并在狱中完成了变性手术。美国前总统奥巴马在任期结束前三天，赦免了她剩余的刑罚。	It's the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combines her expertise in technology, computer science and art, and Manning, a trans woman and pioneering dissident whose sentence was commuted by Barack Obama when he had just three days left in office.
通过从曼宁的 DNA 进行算法分析，并且以此创建了“很可能出现的外表”的 30 幅肖像。希瑟杜威·哈博格以此做出了一个尖刻又略有点无情的评论。他的评论既是对于 DNA 的多意性的，也是对于身份这一概念本身的。	By algorithmically analyzing DNA extracted from Manning and using it to create 30 portraits of what someone with that genomic data might look like, Dewey-Hagborg has created a trenchant, if somewhat cerebral, commentary on not only the malleability of DNA data - the many ways it can be interpreted, and the inherent determinism of those interpretations - but also identity.
曼宁出生时的名字叫布拉德利·爱德华 (Bradley Edward) ，曾公开承认在青春期就认为自己是一名女性。于 2013 年被定罪，涉及20项指控，其中包括 6 起间谍法违规行为，计算机欺诈和盗窃罪。	Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about identifying as a woman as early as adolescence, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six Espionage Act violations, computer fraud and theft.
在狱中，她的形象是被抑制的，只有一张照片，具有颗粒感的黑白自拍照，看起来明显的不安，坐在驾驶座上，戴着铂金色的假发。	From prison, her image was repressed, so much so that there was just one photo - a granular, black-and-white selfie in which Manning, visibly uneasy, sits in a driver's seat wearing a platinum blonde wig - with which she became associated.
2015 年，希瑟杜威·哈博格在她 2012 年的项目《陌生人的脸 (Stranger Visions) 》中取得了巨大的成功。	In 2015, Dewey-Hagborg was coming off the massive success of her 2012 project, Stranger Visions.
那件作品中，她使用从烟蒂和口香糖中等法院物证,从碎屑中提取到的 DNA，创建可能相似长相的 3D 人物肖像。	In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the detritus to conjure an image of what these folks might look like.
那是她正好收到来自 Paper 杂志的一封电子邮件。	That was when she received an email from Paper Magazine.
“他们想要采访在监狱里的切尔西·曼宁，并且需要一张肖像照 ”， 希瑟杜威·哈博格在展览开幕式上对媒体说道。	"They were conducting an interview with Chelsea Manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany that article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.
当时切尔西·曼宁不能参观，也不能拍照，所以他们联系切尔西，询问她是否有兴趣制作 DNA 肖像。	And she couldn't be visited and she couldn't be photographed at that time, so they reached out to Chelsea and asked if she'd be interested in having a DNA portrait made.
于是，这位艺术家和她那被监禁的缪斯成为了本不可能的笔友，在两年的时间里相互交换了许多封信。	The artist and her incarcerated muse became unlikely pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.
他们甚至创作了一本漫画书《压抑的头像》，由 Shoili Kanungo 所绘制。该漫画书预想总统将来可以对曼宁准许特权，她能够在狱中看到展览。	They even created a comic book, Suppressed Images, illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, that envisioned a future where the president would commute Chelsea's sentence and she'd be able to see the exhibition in person.
而奥巴马就在书出版后的几天要求将她获释。这或许是一场机缘巧合，当时曼宁在堪萨斯军事监狱正好度过了第七个年头。	That Obama would indeed call for Manning's release just days after the book went public was a welcome sort of serendipity after seven brutal years at a military prison in Kansas.
此外，这个展览也有另一层深意。因为当代美国，特朗普政府不断地对政府泄密者和变性军人宣战，同时寻找新的、可以在推特上炒作的方式，来赤裸裸地煽动分裂，而这个展览正是要弥合这样的分裂。	There's also something profound and powerful about the exhibition opening now, as Donald Trump wages war on government leakers and transgender troops while finding new, tweetable ways to further inflame the stark divisions he's been called on to mend.
当被问及这一切特殊的时机，希瑟杜威·哈博格说，“任何事情的发生都有原因”。	When asked about the peculiar timing of it all, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason."
在画廊墙上写下的艺术家声明中，曼宁的超大号签名在下面 (名字中的“i”用一颗心来画出来) ，呼吁结束“以性别、性取向和文化为基础的党派之争乱像。”	In an artist statement written on the gallery's wall, Manning's super-sized signature below it (the "i" in her last name dotted with a heart), called for an end to the "automatic factionalism that gender, race, sexuality, and culture have been the basis of."
对面墙上是她的线粒体DNA序列,用铅笔扭扭曲曲写着 Cs、Gs 和 As 符号。	On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.
通过包含 200 个字母 (或核苷酸，每个艺术家复杂的科学词典) ，希瑟杜威·哈博格希望通过描绘出这些出奇相似的肖像，表达出至少在生理结构上，人人都是这样的。	By including the 200 letters (or nucleotides, per the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to illustrate how astoundingly similar, at least in biological makeup, we all are.
“我希望人们摆脱这种困境，我们的基因组不会关心我们是谁，公开的基因数据是如何解读的，它是多么的主观 ”，希瑟杜威·哈博格说，他的 2007 年的录像作品《虚假记忆》也在展出。	"What I'm hoping that people will take away from this is that our genome doesn't care about who we are, and how open genetic data is to interpretation, how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, Spurious Memories, is also on display.
“DNA 数据可以告诉我们很多不同的故事，所以这是其中的 30 个故事。”	"DNA data can tell so many different stories, so this is 30 of those stories."
展览中的最后一幅作品，在一个房间内，来自前面插图中篇小说中的一页。	The final piece in the exhibition, which is contained in a single room, is one page from the aforementioned graphic novella.
展示了在美国的士兵手持扩音器下浮夸、金刚造型的曼宁。	It shows Manning, emerging, King Kong-esque, from the United States Disiplinary Barracks with a speakerphone in hand.
“当他们使你的演讲停止下来，他们就赢了 ”，墙上写道。	"When they chill your speech, then they've won," it reads.
“所以，千万别闭嘴。”	"So never shut up."
“这些内容直接来自她写给我的一封信 ”，这位来自费城的艺术家说。	"It came directly from a letter that she wrote to me," the artist, who hails from Philadelphia, said.
“我就是再害怕，我依然要说出的。”	"I get goosebumps still talking about it."
曼宁还没有亲自看过这个展览，正如漫画中那么预见的那样，但是当她这样做的时候，她将由她自己的 DNA 肖像面具，就像一群抗议者在展馆中心获得欢呼。	Manning hasn't seen the exhibition in-person yet - as was so presciently imagined in the comic book - but when she does, she'll be greeted in the center of the room by the masks, her own genomic simulacra congregated like hordes of protesters.
这也是有目的的，正如展览中的所有物品一样，都达到了她用铅笔写成的遗传单倍群信息的高度 (5.2 英尺，曼宁的身高) 。	That was purposeful, too, as is everything in the exhibition, down to the height (5"2, Manning's stature) at which her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
“在过去，我把他们挂到墙上，但我希望他们觉得自己像一群人 ”，杜威?哈格堡谈到肖像时说道。	"In the past, I've had them on the wall but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," Dewey-Hagborg said of the portraits.
“但我想让它们感觉像是一群跟随着切尔西的抗议者，正如当时人们抗议要释放她一样。”	"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind freeing her as well."
西北大学教授和牛津大学员工因杀人案被通缉	Northwestern Professor and Oxford University Employee Wanted for Homicide
警方表示，发现一名男子在芝加哥豪华公寓内遭到致命刺伤，一名西北大学教授和一名牛津大学员工随后被通缉，目前正在全国范围内寻找嫌犯。	A nationwide manhunt is underway for a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee who are wanted as suspects after a man was found fatally stabbed inside a luxury Chicago apartment, police said.
库克县法院记录显示，周一，42 岁的温德姆·莱塞姆和 56 岁的安德鲁·沃伦因涉嫌特伦顿· H·詹姆斯·康奈尔·杜兰洛死亡案遭发一级无保释谋杀拘捕令。	On Monday, first-degree murder warrants without bail were issued for Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County court records show.
根据文件记录，26 岁的康奈尔·杜兰洛因多次刺伤而死亡。	The documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed multiple times.
芝加哥警察局发布的社区警报称，尸体于 7 月 27 日被发现。	A community alert released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.
警察接到电话后到达 Grand Plaza 公寓，发现受害人身上有多处裂伤。	Officers received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments and found the victim with several lacerations on his body.
警方称，康奈尔·杜兰洛当场死亡，侦探正在调查这起他杀案，而警方正在积极寻找两名嫌犯。	Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene and detectives are investigating the stabbing as a homicide while police actively search for the two suspects, officials said.
莱塞姆自 2007 年起一直担任西北大学微生物学和免疫学副教授。	Lathem has been an associate professor of microbiology and immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
校园关系处副处长艾伦·K·考贝奇在电子邮件声明中表示，莱塞姆现在已经被离职，并且已被禁止进入西北大学校园。	Alan K. Cubbage, the vice president for university relations, said in an emailed statement that Lathem is now on administrative leave and has been banned from entering Northwestern University campuses.
考贝奇表示，“现在这是一个刑事案件，有关当局正在调查，西北大学正在积极配合调查工作。”	"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in that investigation," Cubbage said.
沃伦是牛津大学高级财务助理。	Warren is a senior treasury assistant at Oxford University.
牛津大学萨默维尔学院发言人在电子邮件声明中表示：“我们一直与英国警方保持联系，随时准备按需协助美国调查机构。”	A spokesperson for the university and Somerville College said in an emailed statement that, "We have been in contact with the police in the UK and are ready to help the US investigating authorities in any way they need."
声明补充说，沃伦的同事都深感震惊，并且希望他能够投案自首。	The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.
芝加哥警察局首席联络官安东尼·古列尔米表示强烈鼓励嫌犯向当局自首。	Chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he strongly encourages the suspects to surrender to authorities.
古列尔米表示，“警方对他们的下落已经有了一个大概的想法，我们正在努力定位可能的地点。”	"Police have an idea of their whereabouts but our efforts to locate that are intensifying," Guglielmi said.
古列尔米表示，当地、地区和国家当局正在全力协助搜查嫌疑犯。	Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping find the suspects.
古列尔米表示，警方接到 Grand Plaza 公寓经理的电话，他刚刚收到一则秘密提示，说 1008 号公寓有情况发生。	Guglielmi said police received a call from the Grand Plaza building manager who had just received a cryptic tip that said something had occurred in apartment 1008.
警方称当时情况非常可怕。	Police described the scene as very gruesome.
古列尔米表示目前仍不清楚这起事件是否也发生在 7 月 27 日。	Guglielmi said it is unclear if the incident also occurred on July 27.
他说，根据安全摄像头，确认莱塞姆和沃伦当时在大楼里。	Lathem and Warren were confirmed to be at the building by security cameras, he said.
“我们相信莱塞姆教授和受害者有一定关系，”古列尔米说。	"We believe Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi said.
Grand Plaza 的管理团队向居民发布声明称：“警方目前正在研究受害者的案发时间线和案发背景，正在调查各种动机，包括一起可能的国内事件。”	The management team at Grand Plaza released a statement to residents saying, "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are exploring a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."
俄罗斯副总理穆特科表示，“我们将在不久的将来完成世界反兴奋剂机构路线图”	"We'll complete WADA roadmap in near future" - Russian Deputy PM Mutko
俄罗斯副总理维塔利·穆特科表示，落实世界反兴奋剂机构 (WADA) 针对恢复俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构 (RUSADA) 权利的剩余标准不会花费过长时间。	Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko has said it will not take long to implement the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the reinstatement of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA).
“实施路线图标准已经开展到了一定的阶段，RUSADA 获得了与 UKAD（英国反兴奋剂机构）合作进行计划和测试的权利。	"A certain stage of fulfilling the road map criteria has been carried out, RUSADA obtained the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
WADA 路线图在这方面进行了更新，”穆特科周四表示。	The WADA roadmap was updated in this regard," Mutko stated on Thursday.
副总理穆特科在评论世界反兴奋剂机构路线图《遵守规定》的第二部分时做出上述表述。该部分规定了恢复 RUSADA 权利的标准，并于最近在该组织网站上发布。	The PM was commenting on the second part of WADA's Roadmap to Code Compliance, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which recently published on the organization's website.
据穆特科所述，标准中不包含任何可能引起俄罗斯担忧的事情。	According to Mutko, it does not contain anything that could cause concern for Russia.
他补充说，“一切都得已宣布，一切都会实施。	"Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
并且会在不久的将来将结果提交给国际奥委会 [IOC] 和 WADA。”	And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee [IOC] and WADA in the near future," he added.
然而，名单中提到的标准之一是，俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构必须公开接受由加拿大律师理查德·迈凯伦就 WADA 批准的关于俄罗斯国家支持在本国体育运动中使用兴奋剂事件的调查结果。	One of the criteria mentioned in the list, however, states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publically accept the reported outcomes of the WADA-sanctioned investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren on alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
谈到此事，穆特科说：“我们正在调查，我们的反兴奋剂系统毫无疑问失败了。	Referring to the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation, as our anti-doping system admitted a failure.
所有措施都已经实施。	All measures have been implemented.
但这背后并不存在国家计划，我们不会承认不存在的东西。”	But there were no state programs, and we will not admit something that didn't exist."
穆特科的话回应了俄罗斯独立公共反兴奋剂委员会负责人维塔利·斯米尔诺夫的话。	Mutko's words echoed those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of Russia's Independent Public Anti-Doping Commission.
斯米尔诺夫在当天早些时候接受媒体 Russian outlet RSport 访问时承认了俄罗斯反兴奋剂机构过去存在的问题，但他补充道：“我们多次在各种场合说过，报告中包含有争议的立场和规定。	Talking to Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping bodies, but added: "We have said on numerous occasions, that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
没有人计划无条件接受这份报告，”斯米尔诺夫说。	No one plans to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.
2015 年 11 月兴奋剂丑闻后，WADA 暂停了 RUSADA 在俄罗斯境内实施兴奋剂检查的权利。	RUSADA was suspended from carrying out doping controls within Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.
但今年六月，RUSADA 得到允许，今年可以在国际专家和 UKAD 的监督下计划和协调检测。	It was, however, permitted to plan and coordinate testing under the supervision of international experts and UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) this June.
WADA 总干事奥利维亚·奈格丽在七月份访问该组织位于莫斯科的总部时表示，RUSADA 正“朝着正确的方向前进”，努力恢复其权利。	Following a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.
对于计算机来说，无论是跳棋或是国家象棋，击败人类在几十年前已经不在话下。	As far as computers are concerned, whether Chinese checkers or chess, defeating humans was already a clinch decades ago.
克罗地亚足协主席达沃-苏克在接受采访时表示参加中国杯对于克罗地亚足球很有意义，中国杯的奖金数字非常大。	The president of Croatian Football Association Davao Suk said in an interview that participation in the China Cup is very meaningful for Croatian football, and the Chinese Cup’s bonus was considerable.
再也不用找代购了！这8000多种产品零关税	Forget purchasing agents! These 8000-plus products enjoy zero tariff
在1月11日商务部召开的例行新闻发布会，商务部新闻发言人高峰表示，截至目前，我国已经生效实施的自贸协定有15个，涉及23个国家和地区，涵盖了8000余种零关税的进口产品。	At the regular press conference of the Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) held on January 11th, spokesperson Gao Feng said that to date, China has 15 Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) in force, involving 23 countries and regions, encompassing more than 8000 imported products at zero tariff.
同时，进口化妆品、冰岛三文鱼、智利红酒、东盟的热带水果......你要的这些产品不用再花大价钱代购了。	Meanwhile, you no longer have to spend a lot of money to have purchasing agents buy the products you want such as imported cosmetics, salmon from Iceland, red wine from Chile, tropical fruits from ASEAN ....
目前，我国已与24个国家和地区签署了16个自由贸易协定，已经生效实施的有15个，涵盖了8000余种零关税的进口产品。	Currently, China has signed 16 FTAs, involving 24 countries and regions, of which 15 have come into effect, encompassing more than 8000 imported products at zero tariff.
以农产品为例，随着自贸协定的实施，消费者一年四季都可以品尝到来自不同产地、质优价廉的农产品。	Take agricultural produce for example. The implementation of the FTAs has meant that consumers can now sample affordable agricultural produce from different places of production throughout the year.
比如，东盟的榴莲、荔枝、火龙果等热带水果，进口关税由15%到30%降为零关税。	For instance, import tariffs have been cut to zero for the following products: tropical fruits from ASEAN such as durians, lychees, and pitaya from 15-30% previously;
冰岛三文鱼进口关税由10%到12%降为零关税；	salmon from Iceland, from 10- 12%; and
格鲁吉亚和智利的红酒，进口关税由14%到30%降为零关税；	red wine from Georgia and Chile, from 14-30%.
还有新西兰的牛肉和奶粉等特色农产品等都有较大幅度的降税。	Specialty agricultural products such as beef and milk powder from New Zealand have also seen a relatively large reduction in tariffs.
以工业品为例，例如，瑞士部分化妆品进口关税已经降为零；	Industrial products have benefited as well. For example, import tariffs for some cosmetics from Switzerland have been reduced to zero, while
部分手表进口关税降低了50%，并将在几年后降为零关税；	that for some watches have fallen to 50%, and will fall further to zero in a few years’ time;
韩国的电冰箱、电饭锅、按摩仪、美容仪等产品进口关税降低了40%，并将在几年后降为零关税；	products from South Korea such as refrigerators, rice cookers, massage devices, and cosmetic apparatus will now be subject to a lower import tariff of 40%, and fall further to zero in a few years’ time;
还有消费类电子产品等有较大幅度的降税。	and consumer electronics and other relevant products have also seen a relatively large reduction in tariffs.
同时，自贸区项下的零关税产品还包括许多国内终端消费品制造所需要的中间产品和原材料，也在一定程度上推动了国产消费品的结构升级。	Products at zero tariff under the FTAs also include intermediates and raw materials required for the domestic production of end-user consumer goods, which will, to a certain extent, also upgrade the mix of domestically produced consumer goods.
商务部新闻发言人高峰表示，我国总进口额近三分之一的产品可以享受自贸协定优惠关税的待遇，其中大部分是终端消费品，给消费者带来了实实在在的好处。	MOFCOM spokesperson Gao Feng said that approximately one-third of China’s total imported products enjoy tariff concessions under the FTAs, of which the majority are end-user consumer goods, thus providing tangible benefits to consumers.
进一步降低消费品进口关税	Further reductions in import tariffs of consumer goods
自2017年12月1日起，我国对部分消费品进口关税进行调整，进一步降低消费品进口关税，范围涵盖食品、保健品、药品、日化用品、衣着鞋帽、家用设备、文化娱乐、日杂百货等各类消费品，共涉及187个8位税号。	On December 1, 2017, China further lowered the import tariffs of some consumer goods. The reductions covered 187 eight-digit HS codes comprising food, health supplements, pharmaceuticals, chemical products for daily use, clothing, footwear and headgear, home appliances, culture and recreation, miscellaneous and sundry goods, as well as other consumer goods.
这批消费品的平均税率将由17.3%直降至7.7%，几乎被“拦腰斩”！	The average tariff rate of these consumer goods more than halved, plunging from 17.3% to 7.7%!
2018年1月1日起，我国对其他进出口关税也进行了部分调整。	With effect from January 1, 2018, partial adjustments were also made to other import and export tariffs.
唇膏、眼影、香水等部分化妆品进口关税由10％降至5％；	The import tariffs of lipstick, eye shadow, perfume and some other cosmetics fell from 10% to 5%.
降低关税以后，意味着消费者不用代购、更无须大老远跑国外去买喜欢的外国产品了。	This decline in tariff rates means that consumers do not have to have a purchasing agent or travel overseas to buy the foreign products they like.
2018义乌进口商品购物节：进口红酒、零食、水果...统统便宜了！	2018 Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair: Imported red wine, snacks, fruits ... everything has become affordable!
外报：年终美国商场规定差异大 购物退货需谨慎	Foreign press: Year-end return policies at US malls vary widely; be cautious when returning gifts
中新网12月29日电	China News Service, December 29
据美国《世界日报》报道，圣诞节刚过，就迎来退货潮。	US-based “World Journal” reported that there was a wave of gift returns just after Christmas.
据美国广播公司(ABC)报道，去年圣诞节出售的商品，约有超过一半被退换货。	A report by American Broadcasting Company (ABC) revealed that approximately half of the goods sold last Christmas were exchanged or returned.
另外，有读者多次爆料网购被骗，消费者在非正规网站购物时需多留心。	Elsewhere, readers had repeatedly reported having been cheated while shopping online. Shoppers should be on their guard when shopping at unofficial websites.
一般来说，大型购物公司都有正规、合理的退货程序，但若从一些小商店买礼品或电商购物，必须小心。	In general, large shopping companies have official and reasonable return procedures, but if you have shopped for gifts at certain small stores or online, you must be careful.
罗兰冈的侯女士当地时间12月1日在一家专门卖印花外套的网上店铺，花60多元(美元，下同)买了一件外套，结果到现在也没有寄到。	A Madame Hou of Rowland Heights bought a jacket from an online store specializing in print jackets for more than $60 (USD, the same hereinafter) on December 1, local time, but has yet to receive her purchase.
她给客服发了邮件，也不见回复。	She sent an email to customer service but did not receive any reply from the store.
另有网友爆料，去年赴美国旅游，向第三方卖家购买一部手机，寄来后发现里面却是一盒橡皮泥。	Elsewhere, a netizen revealed that when on tour in the US last year, he bought a mobile phone from a third-party seller, but received a box of plasticine on delivery instead.
知道被骗后，向网站申请退款，还好得到全额退款。	After he realized he was deceived, he applied for a refund from the website. Fortunately, he was able to receive a full refund.
但也有顾客认为，网站退款服务不是百分之百完美。	Nonetheless, some customers felt that website refund services are not perfect.
一位北加州华裔居民王先生说，曾经两次购某网站的加急配送服务，一次加急服务四元，但两次都没有按时送到。	Mr Wang, an ethnic Chinese resident of Northern California, purchased goods at a certain website on urgent delivery services twice at a cost of $4 each but both times, the goods failed to arrive promptly.
之后再申请退款，也没有得到回复。	He applied for a refund subsequently but did not get a reply.
大型商场或购物场都有较好的退货政策。	Large department stores or shopping malls have better return policies.
梅西百货(Macy’s)大部分商品180天以内全额退款。	Most of Macy’s merchandise may be returned for a full refund within 180 days,
但商品须保持“原有”样子，且需有购买凭证如收据或银行购买记录。	but the merchandise has to be in its “original” state, and the customer has to produce proof of purchase such as the receipt or the bank purchase record.
如果没有凭证，顾客也可以获得商场积分，可用于购买其他商品。	Without proof of purchase, the customer may also receive the store’s credit which may be used to purchase other merchandise.
Target对一般商品通常有90天退货期限，电子品通常15天。	Target has a 90-day return deadline for general merchandise. For electronic products, the deadline is normally 15 days,
但2017年11月1日至12月25日期间购买的电子、娱乐类商品的退货期限延至30天。	but it is extended to 30 days for electronic and entertainment related products purchased between November 1 and December 25, 2017;
需要注意的是，30天退款期限是从12月25日开始算，也就是要在2018年1月25日之前退货。	note that the 30-day return deadline begins on December 25, i.e., merchandise purchased must be returned by January 25, 2018.
极致购物体验，商圈购物发展新时代来临	The ultimate shopping experience with the advent of a new era in commercial district shopping development
十多年前，我国总体上还处于卖方市场，人们的选择有限，需求也有限。	More than 10 years ago, China was, on the whole, still a sellers’ market. Selection was limited, and so was demand.
但经过十年的发展，市场早已实现了从卖方市场向买方市场的转变，如今的消费者口味变得更刁，他们不再满足于简简单单的“一手交钱一手交货”的购物行为。	A decade hence, the market has long developed into a buyers’ rather than that of a sellers’ market. Shoppers have now become a lot more demanding as well, and are no longer satisfied simply with a “cash on delivery of goods” shopping behavior.
因此，如何让消费者得到一场极致购物体验则成了房地产开发商们的下一个竞争点。	Therefore, how to offer shoppers the ultimate shopping experience has become the next competitive point for real estate developers.
而在影响消费者购物体验的诸多因素中，商圈里的购物中心的影响最为重大。	Of the many factors that affect a shopper’s shopping experience, the impact of shopping centers in business districts is the most important.
看各地城市建设者如何注重购物体验。	Let’s take a look at how urban builders focus on the shopping experience.
世界上没有两片完全一样的叶子，更没有两个完全一样的购物中心，一个有名的购物中心必然有属于自己的特色。	No two leaves are alike, nor can one find two completely identical shopping malls. A famous shopping mall must have its own characteristics.
比如土耳其举世闻名的Kanyon购物中心，它独特的波浪形的建筑设计灵感来自大峡谷（Canyon），因此取名为谐音的Kanyon，行走在Kanyon中部长200米的步道中仿佛置身于大峡谷内。	Take Turkey’s world-renowned Kanyon Shopping Center. Its unique undulating architectural design was inspired by the Grand Canyon, hence its homophonous name Kanyon. You feel like you’re in the Grand Canyon when walking along the 200-meter footpath in the midsection of Kanyon.
除了峡谷式的设计，在购物中心的中央还设有一个向内凹的大型椭圆形演出场地，外形独特，经常会举办特色表演。	In addition to the canyon-like design, there is a large unique inward concave oval-shaped performance venue in the middle of shopping center where specialty performances are often held.
因为开放的平台设计，使游客行走在每一层都能俯看“峡谷”中进行的活动，并有移步换景的效果。	Its open platform design offers visitors at every floor a view of the activities held in the “canyon”, and the scene changes as you take each step.
而在国内，有中国首座森林式漫步消费场之称的南京森林摩尔商业街则将购物与生态、童话完美结合在一起。	In China, the Nanjing Forest Mall Commercial Street, known as the country’s first forest style pedestrian consumption venue, is a perfect integration of shopping and ecology as well as fairy tales.
7000平米绿地广场，3000平米屋顶水域平台，项目由9栋单体建筑组成，各建筑之间空中连廊相接，整体下沉庭院设计，取地缘之上法国梧桐树为建筑表皮，屋顶水域天台，营造出森林般的感觉。	With a 7,000 sqm green plaza, and a 3,000 sqm rooftop water feature, the project is made up of nine individual buildings, linked by a sky bridge. The sunken garden design for the entire project, plane trees as its architectural surface, and the rooftop water feature create the feeling of being in a forest.
走进森林摩尔，就像一不小心掉进了爱丽丝漫游奇遇记中的兔子洞，攀沿着的树干将建筑围绕，草地、清泉相映衬，将人们带进充满生机与活力的森林。	On entering the Forest Mall, you’d feel like you have accidentally fallen down the rabbit hole in Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland. The tall tree trunks surround the buildings, and the lawn and stream are beautifully juxtaposed, drawing the masses into a forest full of life and vitality.
还有在重庆，龙湖打造的礼嘉滨水商圈，规划百方商业，计划未来引进超过50家国际顶级专卖旗舰店，100个以上国际顶级品牌和500个以上国内外著名品牌，打造成为服务产业集聚、主题特色鲜明的商业中心。	Then there is Chonqing. The Lijia Waterfront Business District built by Longhu Properties has plans to attract a diverse range of businesses, and expects to bring in more than 50 world class flagship stores, with more than 100 world class brands and over 500 renowned foreign and domestic brands so as to create a commercial center with a distinctive theme that brings the services sector together.
不仅如此，礼嘉滨水商圈还将生态融入建筑、以TOD公共交通为导向，集时尚购物、生活服务、餐饮、娱乐、教育、运动于一体，在带给消费者极致购物体验的同时还引领他们享受重庆独特的“滨水文化”，将购物与水上娱乐、休闲完美融为一体。	In addition, the Lijia Waterfront Business District will also integrate ecology into architecture. Based on a transit-oriented development (TOD) concept, it integrates shopping, household services and amenities, dining, entertainment, education and sports, providing shoppers the ultimate shopping experience while affording them the luxury of enjoying Chongqing’s unique “waterfront culture”, a perfect blend of shopping, and water entertainment and recreation.
综上可以发现，目前，已有一部分房企洞悉了这种新的城市商业的发现轨迹，而业内人士表示，这种以消费者体验为中心，如何把购物与体验相结合的消费模式也将是未来城市发展的主流。	From the above examples, it is noted that, at present, a number of real estate developers have noticed the discovery of this new urban business phenomenon. Insiders indicate that this consumption model which is centered on the consumer experience and which explores the means to combine shopping and experience will become the mainstream of urban development in the future.
现在的商圈不仅仅是货品的集散地，更多的是融合艺术文化、创意主题的综合场所，也承载着人们对都市居住的责任。	Today’s business districts are no longer merely the distribution centers of goods. Rather, they are more integrated venues that bring together the arts and culture as well as creative themes; they also carry the responsibility of the masses toward urban living.
因此在满足消费者吃喝玩乐购一站式物质需求的同时，最大化的传递文化艺术多层次的精神需求，发挥宜居的居住需求，必然是商圈未来发展的制高点。	Therefore, in addition to meeting the one-stop material needs of dining and entertainment of consumers, maximizing the transmission of multi-tiered cultural and artistic spiritual needs, as well as bringing the livable qualities of residential needs into play will inevitably become the high point of future business district development.
在重庆，国兴的北岸江山，地处江北，临近观音桥，荟萃世界商业精华，国际巨擘左右环拥，一等品牌齐聚，与国际时尚近距离接驳。	In Chongqing, Guoxing Property’s Beianjiangshan is located north of the Yangtze River, close to Guanyin Bridge, where the who’s who of world business and international giants agglomerate, and first class brands congregate, affording a seamless connection with international fashion.
这里步步繁华，荟萃世界精华；	Here, prosperity abounds, and the best in the world agglomerate.
东原锦悦则拥有较好的购物环境，东原锦悦临近南坪商圈，独享西部甚至全国领先的四层立体交通系统，提升了购物舒适度。	Dongyuanjinyue, which is in the immediate vicinity of Nanping Business District, has a better shopping environment. At its sole disposal is Western China’s, and indeed, the nation’s leading four-story three-dimensional transportation system, enhancing shopping comfort.
另外惠工路和万达广场两条步行街的园林绿化、景观地铺进行了提档升级，种植乔木约300株，改造地铺4万平方米，提升了南坪商圈形象；	Elsewhere, the landscaped gardens and shops along the two pedestrian streets at Huigong Road and Wanda Plaza have been upgraded, with approximately 300 trees planted, and 40,000 sqm of floor space revamped, lifting the image of Nanping Business District.
而龙湖昱湖壹号，临近重庆首个低密度滨水商圈——礼嘉滨水商圈，被九个公园环绕，商业街区密度低，开放程度高，使得人们购物时更愿意停留、驻足、慢慢享受购物的乐趣，而不是被后面的人流裹挟着急急忙忙地向前赶，真正实现了“散步式购物”。	Meanwhile, Longhu’s Waterfront City, in the immediate vicinity of Chongqing’s first low-density waterfront business district - Lijia Waterfront Business District - is surrounded by nine parks. The commercial street district is low density with good access. These qualities have made shoppers more willing to stay, stop and slowing savor the joy of shopping when shopping, rather than being jostled by crowds of shoppers into rushing forward. Here, “shopping at a leisurely pace” is truly achieved.
当今商业竞争只会越来越激烈，如何在同质化严重的市场中杀出一条血路，夺得未来消费者心中的“购物圣地”的美誉，值得所有的房地产开发商去认真思考。	Competition will only intensify going forward. In a market of rampant homogenization, how to achieve success, and attain a reputation as a “shopping mecca” in the hearts of future shoppers deserve serious consideration among all real estate developers.
单单只凭差异化战略是远远不够的，只有那些真真正正地将消费者放在心中，急消费者所急，想消费者所想，给消费者提供极致而又简约的购物体验的开发商才能在暴风雨来临的市场中笑傲江湖。	A differentiation strategy alone is far from sufficient. Only developers that truly place shoppers in their hearts, empathize with shoppers, and offer shoppers an ultimate yet simple shopping experience will be able to stand tall in a market when assailed by intense competition.
当然，到最后我想最高兴的还是重庆的子民，拥有这么好的购物体验和商圈，放在10年前没人能够想象今日的繁华。	To be sure, I believe that, at the end of the day, Chongqing’s residents are the happiest lot to have such excellent shopping experience and business districts. A decade ago, no one would have imagined today’s prosperity.
物节：消费主义狂欢掩盖真实环境价格	Shopping carnival: Consumerism revelry masks true environmental cost
1682亿元，这是2017年11月11日，“天猫双十一全球狂欢节”的24小时内，天猫用户消费的成交额。	RMB168.2 billion. That was the amount of money Tmall users spent over a 24-hour period on November 11, 2017 at the “Tmall 11.11 Global Shopping Festival”.
具体来说，“双11”开局后，短短3分钟天猫成交额就突破100亿，6分05秒超过200亿元，9个小时破1000亿。	Specifically, in the span of three minutes right after the “Double 11” commenced, Tmall’s transaction volume surpassed RMB10 billion, and exceeded RMB20 billion in six minutes and five seconds; within nine hours, it broke through the RMB100 billion mark.
这一天，全球消费者通过支付宝完成的支付总笔数达到14.8亿笔，比去年增长41％。	That day, shoppers all over the world made a total of 1.48 billion payments by way of Alipay, an increase of 41% year-on-year.
这些消费将带来8.12亿个物流订单。	Such spending resulted in 812 million logistics orders.
而不论是天猫网购平台还是支付宝支付平台，全都属于马云的阿里集团。	Whether the Tmall shopping platform or the Alipay payment platform, however, both belonged to Jack Ma’s Alibaba Group.
十年前没人会想到，11月11日单身青年出于自嘲创造的“光棍节”亚文化会被电商收编，成为如今现象级的“双11”购物狂欢节。	Ten years ago, no one would have imagined that the “Singles’ Day” subculture which was a self-deprecating celebration created by singles on November 11 would be co-opted by e-commerce merchants, and turned into a phenomenal “Singles’ Day” shopping carnival today.
2009年11月11日，阿里巴巴第一次使用“光棍节大促销”的营销噱头：没人跟你谈恋爱，那么“单身狗”们快来网购吧。	Alibaba used the “Great Singles’ Day Sale” marketing gimmick: Not dating? Singles, come shop online - for the first time on November 11, 2009.
结果令人意外，这一天淘宝商城（“天猫”前身）交易额突破5200万元，是当时日常交易额的10倍。	The outcome was a surprise. That day, transactions at Taobao Mall (the predecessor of “Tmall”) surpassed RMB52 million, 10 times that of the normal daily transaction value at the time.
从此，“双11”就成为了阿里巴巴打造的购物狂欢节，从一开始的国内买家卖家自娱自乐，到现在全球商家的涌入，九年过去了，天猫“双11”千亿交易额已经是当年的3200多倍，令“黑色星期五”望尘莫及。	From then on, “Double 11” has become a shopping festival created by Alibaba, and has grown and expanded from a domestic buyer-seller amusement to an inflow of global merchants. Nine years hence, and the more than RMB100 billion worth of transactions of Tmall’s “Double 11” is now more than 3200 times that of the first year, far outstripping that of “Black Friday”.
跟风天猫“双十一”促销的，还有众多电商，其中“京东”最为强劲。	Numerous e-commerce merchants have followed Tmall’s “Double 11” sales promotion, with “JD.com” the strongest competitor.
“京东”有自己的购物节“6.18”，但没有“双11”影响大, 今年从11月1日持续到11日，“京东”累计销售额达到1271亿元。	“JD.com” has its own shopping festival “6.18” but its impact is less than that of “Double 11”. From November 1 to 11 this year, “JD.com”’s accumulated sales amounted to RMB127.1 billion.
而“双11”后，紧接着的是与之类似的“双12”打折狂欢、圣诞新年购物档期。	The “Double 12” discount extravaganza and the Christmas-New Year shopping period come right after “Double 11”.
跨过了新年，等待着中国消费者的还有春节前的年货采购档期、情人节购物档期，消费，不会放假。	Following the New Year, pre-Spring Festival’s Lunar New Year shopping as well as Valentine's Day shopping await the Chinese consumer. Retail consumption knows no holiday.
瞬时间的海量消费带来的环境问题，已经引起专业人士和机构的关注。	Massive instantaneous consumption has led to environmental problems, which has attracted the attention of professionals and institutions.
据新华每日电讯报道，按业内每个包装箱0.2公斤的通常标准保守估算，今年“双11”期间至少产生超过30万吨垃圾。	A Xinhua Daily Telegraph report revealed that based on the industry’s general standard conservative estimate of 0.2 kg per packaging cartons, at least 300,000 tonnes of trash were generated during this year’s “Singles’ Day” period.
绿色和平东亚分部污染防治项目主任刘华则告诉中外对话，今年“双11”仅天猫的订单量会产生16万吨包装垃圾。	Liu Hua, Director of the Pollution Prevention Program at Greenpeace East Asia told chinadialogue that the volume of orders at this year’s “Singles’ Day” from Tmall alone would generate 160,000 tonnes of packaging trash.
国家邮政局2016年曾发布报告，指出2015年“双11”期间（11月11日至16日）的快件量约7．8亿件，使用超过30亿条编织袋，99.22亿个包装箱，169.85亿米胶带，胶带长度可以绕地球赤道425圈。	In 2016, the State Post Bureau published a report stating that approximately 780 million items were delivered by express couriers during the 2015 “Singles’ Day” period (November 11-16), with more than 3 billion woven bags, 9.922 billion packaging cartons, and 16.985 billion meters of adhesive tape used. The length of adhesive tape used could go round the equator 425 times.
而今年，国家邮政局预计“双11”的快件业务量预计超过15亿件。	This year, the State Post Bureau estimates that the “Singles’ Day” express business volume could surpass 1.5 billion items.
北京市一座垃圾焚烧中心经理王士告诉新华社， “双11”后每日进场的垃圾都超过2000吨，也超过了焚烧站的处理产能。	Wang Shi, manager of a waste incineration plant in Beijing told Xinhua News Agency that more than 2,000 tonnes of trash enter the plant each day after “Singles’ Day”, exceeding the treatment capacity of the incineration plant.
快递公司已经意识到了快递业造成的环境污染不可小视。	Express delivery companies have also become aware that the environmental pollution resulting from the express delivery sector should not be ignored.
包括苏宁在内的一些电商物流企业“双11”前推出了可回收重复使用的塑料快递盒、可以重复用作购物袋和垃圾袋的循环包装袋等，但嫌麻烦的消费者接受度并不高。	Some e-commerce logistics enterprises, including Suning, have introduced plastic express delivery boxes that may be recycled and reused ahead of “Singles’ Day”, as well as recyclable packaging such as shopping bags and trash bags that may be used repeatedly. However, acceptance among consumers who could not be bothered was low.
马云还在微博中号召物流行业支持“绿色包装”和“绿色物流”。	Jack Ma, on Weibo, has also called on the logistics industry to support “green packaging” and “green logistics”.
这条微博收获了68000多个“赞”。	This Weibo received more than 68,000 “likes”.
德国人想要什么样的移动支付？	What sort of mobile payment do Germans want?
张冬方：在德国拉开的移动支付战局不具期待性。	Zhang Dongfang: The mobile payment war waged in Germany is nothing new.
微信支付和支付宝不过把战场搬到了欧洲，竞争对手没变，抢夺阵地也没变——中国人，这也算全球化？	All WeChat Pay and Alipay did was to move the battleground to Europe. Neither the competitors nor the battleground has changed - the Chinese; is this really globalization?
有支付宝的地方，必有微信支付。	Where there’s Alipay, there’s WeChat Pay.
按照和德国电子支付服务商Wirecard的协议，微信支付今年11月正式着手落地德国，并逐渐在欧洲范围内的商家进行布局。	According to the agreement with Germany’s electronic payment services provider Wirecard, WeChat Pay officially entered Germany in November this year. The Chinese company has also gradually expanded its presence among merchants in Europe.
俩“老乡”的这次异国重逢发生在欧洲。	This time round, the reunion of the two “fellow countrymen” in a foreign country took place in Europe.
一直以来，支付宝和微信支付在全球化的道路上一路高歌。	All along, Alipay and WeChat Pay have been riding high on the road to globalization.
对于中国的移动支付的全球化方式，艾瑞咨询《中国第三方移动支付行业研究报告2017》总结为两种：一是通过战略投资，经验输出，入股并扶持国外本土移动支付企业。	In a study on China’s mobile Internet payment’s globalization methods, iResearch Consulting’s “2017 China's Third-Party Mobile Payment Report” arrived at two methods: The first method would be by way of strategic investment, outward transfer of experience, taking an equity stake, and supporting the overseas local mobile payment enterprise;
二是通过中国游客出国消费行为，向国外商家推广移动支付服务，进而改变外国本土对中国移动支付的认知和接受度。	the second method would be by way of promoting mobile payment services to overseas merchants through Chinese tourists’ overseas spending behavior, thereby changing overseas local entities’ recognition and acceptance of China’s mobile payments.
确实，得中国人得天下。	Indeed, win over the Chinese, and you win the world.
中国经济发展迅猛，再加上人口基数大，中国游客在欧洲的花销是一个诱人的数字。	China’s rapid economic growth coupled with its large population base have meant that spending by Chinese tourists in Europe is an attractive figure,
但这也注定了，这次在德国拉开的中国移动支付战局不具期待性。	but this also means that the mobile payment war waged in Germany is nothing new.
微信支付和支付宝不过是把战场搬到了欧洲，竞争对手没变，抢夺的阵地还是没变——还是中国人，这也算全球化？	All WeChat Pay and Alipay did was to move the battleground to Europe. Neither the competitors nor the battleground has changed - it’s still the Chinese; is this really globalization?
更具开拓性的探讨是，中国的移动支付能否在欧洲本土开疆拓土？	A more groundbreaking inquiry would be whether China’s mobile payment can expand its territory in Europe.
以德国为例。	Germany is an example.
被施了魔法的“新零售”	Magical “new retail”
陈歆磊、杨凯涵：亚马逊在挤进全球十大零售商时候宣布进军书店和杂货铺，不论时机还是动机都很值得玩味。	Chen Xinlei, Yang Kaihan: When Amazon made it to the world’s top 10 list of retailers, it announced that it would venture into the bookstores and grocery stores; this is worth pondering, both in terms of opportunity and motive.
2015年11月，亚马逊在西雅图开设了第一家实体书店，之后又开设了波特兰和圣地亚哥的两家书店。	In November 2015, Amazon opened its first physical bookstore in Seattle. This was followed by two bookstores in Portland and San Diego.
2017年伊始，亚马逊在纽约开设店面，并计划到年底至少拥有8家店面。	At the beginning of 2017, Amazon opened its bookstore and New York, and planned to have at least eight stores by the end of the year.
几乎同一时间，亚马逊宣布旗下无人超市（Amazon Go）试运营，顾客到店不需要排队，也不需要结账，进门扫码、拿了想要的商品离开即可，购物金额会自动从顾客的亚马逊账户中扣除。	Almost at the same time, Amazon announced that its checkout-free grocery store Amazon Go would begin trial operations. No waiting in line or checkout is necessary. All customers have to do is scan their QR code on the Amazon Go app to enter the store, take the products they want and leave. The shopping amount would be charged to the customers’ Amazon account.
就亚马逊而言，近几年忽然在实体店上面动作频频是非常意外的一件事。	As far as Amazon is concerned, its sudden but frequent forays into physical stores in the last few years have been very unexpected.
因为早在2007年的《致股东公开信》中，CEO杰夫•贝佐斯就强调，亚马逊不会轻易开设实体店，除非同时满足下列四个条件：	This is because way back in 2007, CEO Jeff Bezos, in his “Letter to Shareholders”, highlighted that Amazon would not arbitrarily start a new business (such as a physical store) unless the four conditions set out below are met simultaneously:
1.我们必须确信这个新机会能让股东的投资有所回报；	1. We must convince ourselves that the new opportunity can generate the returns on capital our investors expected when they invested in Amazon;
2.我们必须确信这个新机会对于整个公司有重大意义；	2. we must convince ourselves that the new business can grow to a scale where it can be significant in the context of our overall company;
3.我们必须确信这个新机会是被市场忽视的；	3. we must believe that the opportunity is currently underserved; and
4.我们必须确信在这个市场上，我们拥有足够的资源能做出面向顾客的差异化。	4. we have the capabilities needed to bring strong customer-facing differentiation to the marketplace.
书店和杂货铺，是两个实体零售中最摇摇欲坠的分类，也是亚马逊兴起后最先倒下的对手。	Bookstores and grocery stores are the two most precarious physical retail sub-sectors, and were the first to be knocked out after the rise of Amazon.
亚马逊在挤进全球十大零售商的时候宣布进军这两个实体市场，不论时机还是动机都很值得玩味。	When Amazon made it to the world’s top 10 list of retailers, it announced that it would venture into these two physical markets; this is worth pondering, both in terms of opportunity and motive.
亚马逊的做法，和股东信中的保证相违背吗？	Did Amazon do something in contrary to the guarantee it made in its letter to shareholders?
地球的另一端也听到了类似的声音。2016年10月13日上午，在2016杭州•云栖大会上，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云发表主题演讲。	Similar words were echoed at the other end of the world. On the morning of October 13, 2016, at The Computing Conference 2016 held in Yunqi, Hangzhou, Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma said in his keynote address that,
他说：“从明年开始，阿里巴巴将不再提‘电子商务’这个说法。	“From next year onward, Alibaba will no longer talk about ‘e-commerce’.
纯电商的时代很快就会结束，未来的十年、二十年将没有电子商务，取而代之的是‘新零售’。	The era of pure e-commerce firms will soon come to an end. E-commerce will no longer exist in the next 10 to 20 years, replaced instead by ‘new retail’.
线上线下和物流结合在一起，才会产生新零售。”	Only by combining online and offline operations will new retail come into being.”
一时间，“新零售”三个字如同被施了魔法，被业界人士频频挂在嘴边。	In an instant, it was as if the words “new retail” took on magical properties, and became the new catchphrase of industry insiders.
但是，“新零售”究竟是什么意思？	So what is “new retail” exactly?
如果只是指线上与线下相结合，那么这个概念并不新奇。	If it merely referred to online-offline integration, then the concept is nothing new.
2016年，eMarketer跟踪了180家最大的电商之后估计，电商总销售额约为2000亿美元，而其中最大的25家占到了1590多亿美元。	In 2016, eMarketer, after tracking 180 of the largest e-commerce firms, estimated that total sales of e-commerce firms amounted to approximately US$200 billion, of which the largest 25 accounted for more than US$159 billion;
在这25家之中，有18家都是在过去五年才开始经营线上的传统零售商（比如梅西百货, Nordstrom, Target, Gap等）。	and of these 25, 18 were traditional retailers that had only begun online operations in the preceding five years (such as Macy’s, Nordstrom, Target and Gap).
而阿里巴巴集团283亿元入股苏宁云商，也还历历在目。	Indeed, Alibaba Group's RMB28.3 billion acquisition of an equity stake in Suning Commerce Group was still fresh in the minds of the public.
从全球范围看，零售商和电商都在从单一渠道转向覆盖实体店、电商、移动端和社会化媒体的全渠道零售体系。	From a global perspective, both retailers and e-commerce firms are transforming from a single channel to a multi-channel retail system that encompasses physical stores, e-commerce, mobile terminals and social media.
难道马云提“新零售”，更多的是一种总结而非对未来的展望？	Could Jack Ma’s “new retail” be more of a conclusion rather than a forecast for the future?
如果不是，那么全渠道的概念，与“新零售”究竟有何区别？	If not, then what is the difference between the multi-channel concept and “new retail”?
或许，问题的关键不是线上与线下会不会融合，而是怎么融合。	Perhaps, the crux of the matter is not whether online and offline entities would integrate, but how.
回顾零售业过去的20年，电商的崛起如同早年折扣零售商的兴起，都侧重于价格和便利。	A review of the retail sector in the last 20 years has revealed that the rise of e-commerce was similar to the emergence of discount retailers many years ago; both were focused on price and convenience.
依靠这两个痛点，电商把标准化程度非常高的产品，例如图书和CD，从线下移到了线上。	On the basis of these two trigger points, e-commerce firms moved highly standardized products, such as books and CDs, online from offline.
随着线上消费习惯的养成以及客户体验的不断提高，电商又将触角伸到了其他品类，并开始提升效率。	As online retail habits formed, and customer experience continued to rise, e-commerce firms further extended their scope to other product categories, and began to increase efficiency.
用阿里巴巴CEO张勇的话说，“利用互联网的思想和技术去全面改革和升级现有的约30万亿社会零售商总量，使得中国消费者日益升级的消费需求可以得到有效的满足，使得整个商品生产、流通、服务的过程因为互联网、大数据的广泛运用变得更加高效。”	In Aliababa CEO Daniel Zhang’s words, “Use the thinking behind and technology of the Internet to thoroughly reform and upgrade the approximately 30 trillion retailers in society at this time, so that the increasingly demanding retail requirements of Chinese consumers may be effectively met. This will make the entire goods production, circulation and services process more efficient with the extensive application of the Internet and big data.”
因此电商的道路，是一条表面轻资产，实际重资产的道路。	Thus, the path of e-commerce firms is asset-light on the surface, but asset-heavy in reality.
“轻”，指的是固定资产、人员配置、管理流程等负担没有传统零售业大；“重”，指的是在物流、仓储等方面需要巨大的投入。	“Light” refers to fixed assets, headcount, management processes and other burdens that are less than that of traditional retailers; “heavy” refers to areas such as logistics and storage that require enormous investment.
物流方式的改变，保证了电商的高效率。	Changes in logistical methods ensured the efficiency of e-commerce firms.
据中国政府网消息，国务院总理李克强4月28日主持召开国务院常务会议，会议认为，扩大国内消费需求是稳增长、调结构的重要举措。	The Chinese Central Government’s official web portal reported that Premier Li Keqiang presided over the State Council executive meeting held on April 28, which was of the opinion that expanding domestic consumption was a key measure for stable growth and structural transformation.
会议确定，有关部门要在科学评估基础上抓紧拿出具体方案。	The meeting determined that relevant departments should promptly put forward specific plans on the basis of scientific evaluation.
对国内消费者需求大的部分国外日用消费品，于今年6月底前开展降低进口关税试点，逐步扩大降税商品范围；	The import tariffs of some foreign goods for daily use for which domestic consumers have enormous demand will be lowered on a trial basis with effect from June this year, and tariff reductions will be extended to more goods over time.
结合税制改革，完善服饰、化妆品等大众消费品的消费税政策，统筹调整征税范围、税率和征收环节；	Together with the tax reform, consumption tax policies for general consumer goods such as clothing and cosmetics will be optimized, with overall adjustments made to the scope of taxation, tax rates, and the different parts of the taxation process.
增设和恢复口岸进境免税店，合理扩大免税品种，增加一定数量的免税购物额，方便国内消费者在境内购买国外产品；	More port of entry duty-free shops will be set up and restored, and the variety of duty-free goods will be expanded appropriately, with the value of duty-free shopping increased by a certain amount so that domestic consumers would find it convenient to purchase foreign products in China.
进一步推进境外旅客购物通关和退税便利化，严格落实进境物品依法主动申报纳税要求。	Shopping and customs clearance, as well as tax refund for foreign tourists would expedited, and the requirement for voluntary tax declaration of imported goods shall be strictly implemented according to the law.
制定支持跨境电商进口的检验检疫政策，清理进口环节不合理收费；	Policies that support the inspection and quarantine of cross-border e-commerce imports shall be formulated, and unreasonable fees pertaining to imports shall be put in order.
加快推进中国产品品牌提升工程，支持实体店发展，实现线上线下互动。	The program to promote the brands of Chinese products shall be accelerated, the development of physical stores supported, and online-offline interaction achieved.
规范市场秩序，严打假冒伪劣，促进优胜劣汰。	Market order shall be normalized, and strong measures shall be taken to crack down on counterfeit and shoddy products so that the survival of the fittest will be advanced.
让消费者能就近舒心、便捷购物。	Consumers will be able to shop without having to go far, with comfort and ease of mind, and convenience.
BlackBerry（黑莓）手机一直以来都不以硬件取胜，然而面对同行排挤总得有款像样的，于是就有了这个去年9月发布的Passport。	BlackBerry mobile phones have never been known to wow the crowd with their hardware, but pressure from competition has meant that it has to offer a presentable model. Hence, the Passport was launched last September.
SONY（索尼）时常会有各种黑科技产品推出，比如在年初发布的这款旗舰级的4K反射型超短焦头一机就是其中之一。	SONY would often launch various black technology products. For instance, this flagship-class 4K ultra short throw projector it launched at the beginning of the year was one such example.
当然如此高端大气上档次的产品售价自然也是不菲，500万日元大概相当于25万人民币，买辆车都够了。	Naturally, such a high-end, classy, top-grade product comes with a hefty price tag as well. At JPY5 million, equivalent to approximately RMB250,000, it would be enough to buy a car.
大尺寸奢华电视一直是各大厂商技术实力的代表，此次拿奖拿到手软的LG带来的77英寸曲面4K OLED电视就是此类产品的典型。	Big screen luxury TVs have always been the hallmark of technological competence of manufacturers. The multiple award winning LG 77-inch curved OLED 4K Smart TV is a classic example of this type of products.
这不仅仅是简单的固定角度曲面电视，而是为用户打造了一个允许自己根据位置调整曲率的复杂装置！	This is not merely a simple fixed angle curved screen TV, but a complex device that allows the user to adjust the curvature according to the user’s position!
依托9mm的超薄显示面板，LG让整个平板的变形是肉眼很难发觉的，从而实现最大曲率4000R的最大变量。	Based on its 9mm ultra thin display screen, LG has made the curvature of the entire screen difficult to detect with the naked eye, thus achieving maximum variation for a maximum 4000R curvature.
用户只需要舒舒服服按动遥控器，就可以让77英寸屏幕的最佳视角随心而动，让它适合任意一个观赏场景。	Simply press the remote control, and the best angle of the 77-inch screen will move as the user wishes, making it suitable for any viewing scene.
Leica（徕卡）在相机领域中的地位自不必多言，这款徕卡T微单是去年发布的产品，启用了全新的T卡口作为徕卡微单的镜头卡口。	Leica’s position in the field of cameras is well known. This Leica T mirrorless camera, launched last year, uses the brand new T mount as the lens mount for the Leica mirrorless camera.
除了同期发布的T卡口23mm定焦和18-56mm变焦两支镜头外，还能通过M-Adapter T转接环使用徕卡M系列镜头。	In addition to the T mount 23mm fixed and 18-56 zoom lenses launched at the same time, the M-Adapter T allows users of the Leica M series of lenses to attach and use the camera as well.
Triumph（黛安芬）准确地抓住了这一问题所在关键之处，研发出新型Magic Wire内衣。	Triumph has accurately grasped the crux of these issues, and developed the new Magic Wire bra.
由于采用了具有良好支撑性的硅胶树脂材料作为内衣圈托，使穿着者不仅享受到无钢圈内衣的舒适感，还获得了如钢圈内衣般的全方位支撑。	Using silicone, which offers good support, as the underwire, users not only enjoy the comfort of wire-free bras, but also the all-round support of traditional underwired bras.
再辅以提供更多支撑力的内置网格稳定网，从而实现了内衣的完美贴合，塑造丰满的胸部线条。	It also comes with a built-in mesh stabilizer that provides more support so that the bra is a perfect fit. It also gives the wearer a cleavage.
如今LG的家电都相当有特色，这款CordZero C5吸尘器主打无线追踪功能。	LG’s home appliances have relatively distinct features these days. RoboSense technology is this CordZero C5 vacuum cleaner’s main feature.
吸尘器本身也不含糊，最高提供200瓦吸力，还有个KOMPRESSER集尘压缩技术，能将灰尘聚合为灰块，解决扬尘问题。	The vacuum cleaner is itself a credible machine with maximum suction power of 200 watts. The KOMPRESSER dust compressor technology can compress dust into blocks preventing dust from flying about.
6500QL保持3M产品的一贯的优良品质基础上，采用全新的设计理念。	The 6500QL has adopted a brand new design concept while maintaining the excellent quality that is customary of 3M products.
独有的冷流呼气阀，可高效排出面罩内部湿热呼气，让用户呼吸更为畅快。	Its unique cool flow valve can efficiently discharge hot and damp exhaled breath from inside the respirator, allowing easier breathing for users.
全新的快扣设计可实现迅速单手脱戴，方便了需要频繁脱戴面罩的用户。	The all-new quick latch design allows for swift donning and doffing of the respirator with one hand, making it convenient for users who need to don and doff their respirators frequently.
面罩两侧带有卡口式设计，可装配3M的滤棉及滤毒盒使用，在与面罩的共同作用下可有效抵挡高污染环境下多种有害物质。	A bayonet-style connection may be found on both sides of the respirator to which 3M’s particulate filters and organic vapor cartridges may be connected. Together with the respirator, these can effectively withstand various contaminants in a heavily polluted environment.
作为厨房生活的帮手，Intra Eligo已经尽力了。	As a kitchen helper, Intra Eligo has done its best.
Nespresso提出了这种医用不锈钢打造的可重复使用胶囊，轻松开启填充咖啡粉，封闭后进行萃取。	Nespressor has introduced this reusable capsule made of stainless steel for medical use, which allows the user to easily open and stuff the capsule with coffee powder. After stuffing, close the capsule. Coffee may now be brewed.
这样大胆的设计，成功的将一个敏感的医学问题变得让每个女性都可以欣然接受。	This daring design has successfully transformed a sensitive medical issue into one that is acceptable by every woman.
该车型在沃尔沃原有的安全性能方面更进一步，搭载了最新的交叉路口自动刹车系统以及道路偏离保护系统。	This model is an improvement over Volvo’s existing safety performance. It carries the latest intersection auto brake system as well as run-off road protection system.
触摸式一体中控平台加上Apple Carplay或者Android Auto在智能性方面也是更进一筹。	Its central touchscreen control panel coupled with Apple Carplay or Android Auto are also further advancement in smart performance.
豪华七座的车内配置加上强大的四缸Drive-E发动机，应该是不少商务人士的选择。	The luxury seven-seater comes with a four-cylinder Drive-E engine is expected to be the choice of many business people.
国内售价828,000起，已经可以在4S店订购啦。	Sold at price starting from RMB828,000, it may be ordered at 4S stores now.
作为这次中国入选Best of the Best的唯一产品，中华航空的这个豪华商务舱设计颇为亮眼。	As the sole selected Best of the Best product from China, China Airlines’ Premium Business Class cabin design is attractive.
各种室内设计因素，诸如休闲空间、厕所布置，座位设计等融为一体，将会给高端客人一个难忘的飞行体验。	Various interior design elements, such as the recreational space, lavatory layout, and seat design are integrated, affording high-end travellers an unforgettable flight experience.
在今年3月份的Apple（苹果）春季发布会上，Apple Watch终于和大家正式见面。	Apple Watch finally made its debut at Apple’s Spring conference this March.
其采用全金属机身，蓝宝石表镜（Sport版为Ion-X玻璃），可支持IPX7级别的生活防水，内置心率计，采用无线充电技术。	With a stainless steel case, sapphire crystal glass panel (Ion-X glass for its sports model), it supports an IPX7 rating for water resistance. The watch comes with an in-built heart rate monitor, and uses wireless charging technology.
独立制表概念实验室MB&F集合了一大群钟表专家和艺术圈人士，以全力设计和打造各种突破传统概念的机械钟表为己任。	Independent watchmaking concept laboratory MB&F has assembled a team of watchmaking professionals and artists who view the designing and creation of radical timepieces as their mission.
1月18日，阿里巴巴在重庆召开电商脱贫高峰对话会，宣布通过探索“互联网+脱贫”新模式，助推精准脱贫和乡村振兴。	On January 18, Alibaba held an e-commerce poverty eradication summit in Chongqing, and announced that it would explore a new “Internet + Poverty eradication” model to help spur measures targeted at eradicating poverty and revitalize the rural economy.
这是继提出乡村战略、启动农村淘宝项目、上线兴农扶贫平台、成立阿里巴巴脱贫基金之后，阿里对脱贫攻坚的再次“加码”。	This follows Alibaba’s rural strategy, launch of the Rural Taobao program, online rural revitalization and poverty relief platform, as well as the founding of the Alibaba Poverty Relief Fund, and is a step-up commitment by Alibaba toward combating poverty.
脱贫攻坚是当下中国最重要的国家战略之一。	Combating and eradicating poverty is presently one of China’s key national strategies.
全面脱贫在中国过去几千年来从未实现过。	Complete eradication of poverty is unprecedented in the history of China.
“电商扶贫是新一轮扶贫开发的创新举措，是实现精准扶贫、精准脱贫的重要抓手。	“Poverty relief via e-commerce is a new round of innovative measures aimed at poverty relief and development. It is an important means to achieve measures targeted at poverty relief and eradication.
中央高度重视并指出，可以发挥互联网在助推脱贫攻坚中的作用，推进精准扶贫、精准脱贫，让农产品通过互联网走出乡村。”	The Central government very concerned with this issue and has indicated that the Internet can play a part in helping to combat poverty, advance measures targeted at poverty relief and eradication, as well as allow agricultural products to be sold outside the countryside via the Internet.”
因此，阿里早在2014年就提出了乡村战略，跟大数据云计算和全球化并列为阿里未来20年三大核心战略。	As such, Alibaba had proposed a rural strategy as far back as 2014, which together with big data cloud computing and globalization are its three major core strategies for the next 20 years.
同年，阿里启动了农村淘宝（村淘）项目，在乡村招募“村小二”，带领农民通过电商脱贫致富。	In the same year, Alibaba launched the Rural Taobao program, recruiting “village partners” to help lift villagers out of poverty and move toward affluence by way of e-commerce.
2017年，阿里跟商务部门合作打造兴农扶贫频道，目前累计对接全国13个省份，120个国家级贫困县。	In 2017, Alibaba worked together with the Ministry of Commerce to create a rural revitalization and poverty relief channel that is now connected to a total of 13 provinces and 120 national level poverty-stricken counties.
阿里平台催生的淘宝村，已经有2118个。	The Alibaba platform has incubated 2118 Taobao Villages,
其中，接近400个出现在省贫困县，33个出现在13个国家贫困县。	of which close to 400 have emerged in poverty-stricken counties of various provinces, and 33 in 13 poverty-stricken provinces.
2017年，在阿里巴巴中国零售平台上，全国淘宝村销售额达到1200亿元。	In 2017, at Alibaba’s China retail platform, nationwide sales of Taobao Villages amounted to RMB120 billion.
张勇表示，面对脱贫攻坚的国家战略，阿里一直在思考如何用好阿里经济体的科技、大数据、云计算等创新能力，为脱贫走出一条新路来。	Daniel Zhang said that confronted with the national strategy to combat poverty, Alibaba has been thinking about how it could effectively use the technology, big data, cloud computing and other innovative competencies within the Alibaba economy to help develop a new path for poverty eradication.
其中，村淘是阿里电商脱贫的主要承载平台，并走通了一条直供直销的互联网脱贫新链路。	Rural Taobao, in particular, is a major platform to help eradicate poverty via e-commerce, and has opened up a new online direct supply and sales link to help eradicate poverty.
在种植环节，村淘和蚂蚁金服联合开展农资农具和小额贷款支持。	At planting phase, Rural Taobao and Ant Financial Services have jointly offered means to acquire agricultural resources and tools as well as obtain micro-loans.
2017年，在832个国家级贫困县中，蚂蚁金服服务了795个，为其提供便捷的支付、信贷等服务。	In 2017, of the 832 national-level poverty-stricken counties, 795 were served by Ant Financial Services, which provided convenient payments, credit and other relevant services.
菜鸟解决仓储和物流，天猫负责销售，阿里云的大数据反哺指导农业生产，进一步提高农产品的供应标准、品质和市场竞争力。	Cainiao helped with warehousing and logistics, while Tmall was responsible for selling. Alibaba Cloud’s big data provided feedback and guidance on agricultural production, further raising the supply standards, quality and market competitiveness of the agricultural produce.
电商脱贫的发展，不仅需要产品、销售通道、产业规划，同时还需要人才。	The growth in poverty eradication via e-commerce not only requires products, sales channels and industry planning, it also requires talent.
阿里通过淘宝大学开设电商课程，给农民传授标准化、品质化和规模化种植方法，实现了“扶贫+扶心智”相结合，让农民可持续脱贫。	By way of the e-commerce courses conducted by Taobao University, Alibaba teaches farmers standardized, quality and large-scale methods of cultivation, achieving a combination of “Poverty relief + Knowledge support” so that poverty eradication among farmers is sustainable.
这些课程已经覆盖约92%的国家级贫困县。	These courses have already reached approximately 92% of national-level poverty-stricken counties.
而“公益心态、商业手段”的脱贫思路，还能保障阿里在扶贫时做到“真扶贫”。	The “philanthropic mentality, commercial means” poverty eradication thinking can also ensure that Alibaba will “genuinely perform poverty relief” when carrying out poverty relief activities.
阿里巴巴董事局主席马云曾表示，消除贫困应该分成扶贫、脱贫和致富三个阶段。	Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma once said that eradicating poverty should be divided into three phases - poverty relief, poverty eradication and becoming affluent.
扶贫是授人以鱼，脱贫是授人以渔，致富是给农民造一个“鱼塘”，让农民有鱼可养。	Poverty relief is to give someone a fish; poverty eradication is to teach someone to fish; and becoming affluent is to build a “fish pond” for farmers so that farmers can breed fish.
电商带动的产业扶贫，就是造鱼塘。	Poverty relief through industry development led by e-commerce is building that fish pond.
在产业扶贫上，阿里跟陕西洛川合作打造的洛川苹果产业扶贫模式，已经被有关部门当作范例在全国复制推广。	In terms of poverty relief through industry development, Alibaba has partnered Luochuan County in Shaanxi Province to create a Luochuan apple poverty relief through industry development model, which has been replicated and promoted nationwide as a model by relevant departments.
阿里电商扶贫工作也得到了决策层的认可。	Alibaba’s poverty relief via e-commerce initiatives have also won the recognition of decision makers.
以阿里巴巴为代表的电商企业曾被寄语，通过线上线下渠道，确保农民增产增收。	E-commerce firms, represented by Alibaba, have been given the message that farmers would see an increase in production and income with the help of online and offline channels.
一些村小二和蚂蚁金服员工，还被邀请到联合国和非洲，分享电商脱贫的经验。	Some village partners and Ant Financial staff have also been invited to the United Nations and Africa to share their poverty relief via e-commerce experience.
目前，联合国世界粮食计划署中国办公室已经跟村淘一起，在安徽等地开展电商产业扶贫。	Currently, the China office of The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has already partnered Rural Taobao in implementing a poverty relief through industry development program in Anhui and other areas.
新浪财经讯 由阿里研究院、中国远见智库论潭共同举办的“第三届新经济智库大会”于1月16日举行，商务部研究院电商所所长张莉出席并发言。	Sina Finance news. The “3rd New Economy Think Tank Summit” jointly organized by Ali Research Institute and the China Visionary Think Tank Forum was held on January 16. Zhang Li, deputy director of the e-commerce research department at the Ministry of Commerce Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation attended and addressed the Summit.
她认为我们全球化其实忽略了最重要的问题，就是全球化的体与用的问题，还有全球化的阶段问题。	She believed that our globalization had in fact ignored the most fundamental issues, i.e., those related to the essence and form of globalization, as well as issues associated with phases of globalization.
这样子很多人认为全球化停滞了，而且很多发达国家和发展中国家，在新的阶段里面他们对全球化的态度不一样，是对模式的不一样。	As a result, many believed that globalization has stagnated. Moreover, in the new phase, many developed and developing countries hold different attitudes toward globalization and its pattern.
第二个概念就是全球化中期阶段的问题，全球化的中期阶段受什么制约呢？	The second concept is concerned with issues related to the intermediate phase of globalization. What constrains the intermediate phase of globalization?
受经济环境基础的制约，正是因为经济基础发生了变化全球化才发生了制约。	The reason why globalization is constrained by the economic environment and fundamentals is precisely because changing economic fundamentals have led to constraints on globalization.
张莉认为，2017年底全球经济调整基本上结束，2018年之后将进入新一轮增长期，下一轮增长一定是生产品拉动。	Zhang Li believed that adjustments to the global economy have generally come to an end at the end of 2017. A new growth phase, will begin in 2018, and growth will be driven by producer goods.
京东首家生鲜超市7FRESH近日正式开业，计划未来3到5年在全国铺设超过1000家门店。	JD’s first fresh food supermarket 7FRESH officially opened for business recently, and plans to set up more than 1,000 stores nationwide in three to five years.
加上阿里的盒马鲜生、永辉的超级物种、苏宁的苏鲜生、美团的掌鱼生鲜等，“新零售门店”开始扎堆出现，并在创新模式甚至价格上互相“叫板”。	Together with Alibaba’s Hema Supermarket, Yonghui Superstores’ Super Species, Suning’s SUFRESH, Meituan’s Zhangyu Store, and others, “new retail outlets” have begun to emerge in clusters, and have even “challenged” each other on price in this innovative model.
生鲜超市争夺战升级，已经成为新零售领域的现象级话题，新零售到底新在哪？	The fresh food supermarket war has escalated, and have become a phenomenal topic in the new retail sector. Just what is new in new retail?
“2018年我们会快速进入全国，春节前在北京、上海、杭州会开出一大堆的店。”	“We will rapidly expand nationwide in 2018, and will open a large number of stores in Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou before the Spring Festival,”
盒马鲜生CEO侯毅10日在第二届新零售峰会上透露了2018年的“新打法”。	Hema Supermarket CEO Hou Yi revealed the company’s new approach for 2018 at the 2nd New Retail Summit on the 10th.
“从2018年开始，盒马不单单是一家生鲜电商，而是满足消费者即时服务的生活品类电商。	“With effect from 2018, Hema will not merely be a fresh produce e-commerce firm; rather, we will be a general household goods and grocery e-commerce firm that meets consumers’ requirement for prompt delivery service.
核心模式线下是引流、体验，线上是真正的销售。”	The core model calls for conduction and experience in offline stores, while genuine sales are done online.”
区别于传统的大卖场、超市，盒马鲜生在很多消费者眼里是一家好玩好吃的“网红店”，甚至有中介机构打出了“盒区房”的概念。	Unlike traditional hypermarkets and supermarkets, Hema Supermarket is, in the eyes of many consumers, a popular Internet store that is fun and has good food. Some intermediaries have even come up with the concept of “He district housing” (housing within a 3km radius of a Hema Supermarket).
线上电商平台和线下零售商各有优缺点，消费者却是在多种渠道出现，所以双方都在尝试全渠道模式。	Both online e-commerce platforms and offline retail stores have their respective strengths and weaknesses, and consumers are present at various channels. Therefore, both parties are attempting the multi-channel model.
业内认为，在消费升级的大背景下，2018年“类盒马”的门店会越来越多。	Industry insiders believe that against the general backdrop of consumption upgrading, more “Hema type” stores will be opened in 2018.
而盒马从最初的生鲜不断探索到更多消费领域，预示了在新的一年里，零售市场将出现更多创新。	Meanwhile, Hema has continued to widen its product scope, expanding from fresh foods initially into other consumer goods. This suggests that more innovation in the retail market will be forthcoming in the new year.
“比如线上线下结合的业务模式，吸引了消费者的眼球，各地开出的生鲜超市叫座又叫好。”	“For instance, the integrated online-offline business model has attracted consumer eyeballs. Fresh foods supermarkets that have opened across the country have been popular among and welcomed by the masses.”
“但这些关系说得再多，再炫都没用，最后落实到你是不是给消费者带来了美好的体验，我体验好了才愿意买单。”	“Nonetheless, these relationships are useless regardless of how much you talk about them or how cool they are. At the end of the day, it’s all about whether or not you have given consumers a good experience. Only after I have had an experience would I be willing to foot the bill.”
在大润发飞牛网联席CEO袁彬看来，新零售环境下，消费者习惯改变了，购买需求也改变了。	As far as RT-Mart’s feiniu.com CEO Yuan Bin is concerned, under the new retail environment, consumer habits have changed; and shopping requirements have changed as well.
原来纯线上、线下是割裂的，线下要打败线上，线上要反攻线下，现在是一起牵手，因为消费者已经没有线上线下的区分了。	Originally, there was a clear demarcation between online and offline; offline wanted to defeat online, and online wanted to counter-attack offline. Now, on the other hand, it’s become a partnership, because consumers no longer see a difference between online and offline.
资本的争相入局，让目前以生鲜超市为代表的新零售火药味十足。	Capital, competing for a slice of the pie, has made the retail market, represented by fresh food supermarkets, a powder keg.
分析认为，目前新零售在一线城市的竞争还远未到红海的格局，而且还有大片的二线城市尚待挖掘，市场仍有很大机会和空间。	Analysis shows that at present, new retail competition in Tier 1 cities is still a long way from a red ocean situation, and there is still plenty of Tier 2 cities yet to be explored. Enormous opportunities and potential exist in the market.
不同类型的行业对于新零售的布局，会将新零售的发展带入一个多元化的发展状态。	New retail plans proposed by different types of industries will lead new retail development into a state of diversified growth.
央视财经频道联合中国社科院财经战略研究院，给大家梳理了一份干货，就是这份沉甸甸的中国电商年度发展报告。	CCTV-2 and the National Academy of Economic Strategy, CASS have compiled a stack of dry goods, i.e., this weighty annual report on the development of the e-commerce industry in China.
这一年来，中国电商出了一份怎样的成绩单？	What sort of report card did China’s e-commerce industry receive this year?
全球电商又都有哪些发展趋势？	What are the growth trends of the global e-commerce industry?
我们来一一为大家揭晓。	Let us reveal the results one by one.
销售总量再破记录增速重回加速轨道	Total sales volume set a new record while growth returned to the acceleration track
从2006年开始，我国网上零售额可以说一直呈现超高速增长，估计是那会儿觉得网购很新鲜，不出门也能买东西，太酷了！	China’s online retail sales have been sky rocketing since 2006. This may be attributed to the fact that online shopping was still a very novel idea at the time. Shopping without leaving home; cool!
但从2013年开始，网上零售增速开始降至50%以下，2015年，增速首次低于40%，2016年增速居然变成了26.2%。	Since 2013 however, the online retail sales growth rate has decelerated from more than 50% to less than 40% for the first time in 2015; in 2016, the growth rate was 26.2%.
但是今年情况就不一样了，网上零售额重新加速，今年1-9月份，增速回升至34.2 %。	The situation changed this year, however. Online retail sales accelerated again. For the first nine months of this year, growth rate rebounded to 34.2%,
大大高于2015年、2016年的增长率。	significantly higher than the growth rates seen in 2015 and 2016.
可能大家在外兜兜转转一圈，发现还是买买买更让人身心愉悦。	Perhaps shoppers took a detour but eventually realized that retail therapy does wonders for one’s mind and body.
其中，实物商品网上零售额近5.08万亿元，服务网上零售额近1.49万亿元。	In particular, online retail sales of physical goods amounted to approximately RMB5.08 trillion, while online retail sales of services amounted to nearly RMB1.49 trillion.
在社会商品总零售额中占比达到13.6 %，同比提高近3个百分点。	This comprised 13.6% of total retail sales of consumer goods, up nearly 3 percentage points year-on-year.
同学们，别打瞌睡，划重点了，服务网上零售额绝对是一大功臣啊！	Wake up, students. It’s time to highlight the key points. Online retail sales of services was definitely a major contributor!
其次爱剁手的法国网民，人均网购额为1925美元，而他们网购最多的商品，是服装，不愧是爱时尚的国度。	Elsewhere, per capita online shopping of French netizens who are obsessed with online shopping amounted to US$1,925. Goods they purchased online are primarily clothing, worthy of being called a nation of fashion lovers.
最爱网购的，一定是年轻人吗？	Who says those who love online shopping most must be young?
帮助您避免公司成为下一个优步的初创公司	The start-ups that will help your company avoid becoming the next Uber
艾米·埃雷特曾经想在她的电子商务初创公司调查员工的幸福感，但调查没什么作用。	Amy Errett wanted to gauge employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but surveys weren't working.
得到的回复往往都语焉不详，毫无助益，甚至更糟的是还有欺骗性的回复。	Responses were often vague, unhelpful or, worse, deceitful.
即使她承诺采用匿名形式，但是有些员工仍然不信任这一过程。	And even if she promised anonymity, some workers didn't trust the process.
埃雷特负责管理 75 人的旧金山电子商务护发公司 Madison Reed，她表示“得到的回复缺乏一致性和客观性”。	"It just never had consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
所以她打电话对外求助。	So she called in outsiders for help.
一批新的人力资源初创公司如雨后春笋般涌现，帮助公司了解员工的感受。	A new breed of human resources start-ups is cropping up to help companies figure out how their employees feel.
他们构建并授权专门用于衡量员工参与度的软件，从而使得公司可以针对特定团队和人口群体快速进行民意测验，为员工提供匿名和投诉热线，并且在某些情况下允许举报人绕过高管直接报告给董事会。	By building and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, they allow companies to do snap polls, target specific teams and demographic groups, offer employees anonymity and complaint hotlines, and in some cases allow whistle-blowers to bypass C-suite executives and go straight to the board of directors.
“现在，你可以用 Strava 和 Fitbit 等工具来追踪你的健康状况，但是公司的 Fitbit 在哪里呢？”红木城创业公司 Glint 的联合创始人兼首席执行官吉姆·巴内特表示。Glint 软件分析工具被各家公司用来衡量员工敬业度。	"You've now got tools such as Strava and Fitbit for tracking your health, but where's the Fitbit for your company?" said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.
埃雷特表示在三年内，她用 Glint 获得了对员工想法和感受的更多见解。	Errett said she gained more insight into what her employees were thinking and feeling in three years using Glint.
除了特定团队的快速调查和民意调查之外，Glint 还提供公司热图，哪些单位投诉最多，哪些经理批准分数低，一目了然 – 这让她能够深入了解原因。	In addition to the snap surveys and polls of specific teams, it offers a heat map of the company showing at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - allowing her to drill down on why.
各家公司开始意识到他们必须熟练掌控公司的职场文化，以免成为下一个优步。优步前员工之前发表了一篇博客文章描述骚扰环境，这些发言者被公司惩罚，之后优步便陷入了丑闻。	Companies are coming to realize they must stay on top of their workplace culture, lest they become the next Uber, which has been enmeshed in scandal since a former employee published a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke out were punished.
对于像 Glint 这样的初创公司来说，公司这种监督愿望是一个钱途无量的商机。	For start-ups such as Glint, this desire for oversight is a lucrative business opportunity.
根据金融技术分析网站 Let's Talk Payments 的数据，到 2020 年，全球治理、监管和合规行业的价值可能会超过 1,187 亿美元。	The global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to finance tech insights website Let's Talk Payments.
科罗拉多州丹佛的初创企业 Convercent 致力于帮助公司防止和发现不良行为，在今年早些时候优步声誉受损期间，他们看到了此方面兴趣和活动的增加。	Denver, Colo., start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw an uptick in interest and activity earlier this year amid Uber's fall into disrepute.
Convercent 拥有近 600 个客户，其中包括爱彼迎、微软和特斯拉。	Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.
优步最近签约成为客户。	Uber recently signed up as a client.
与 Glint 一样，Convercent 可以让公司发送定制化的“诊断”调查，实时收集机密回应，查看其问题区域的热图。	Like Glint, Convercent lets companies send customized "pulse" surveys, gather confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of its problem areas.
Convercent 还提供匿名短信热线，让员工上报不良行为。	It also offers an anonymous texting hotline that lets employees report bad behavior.
如果董事长受到牵连，那么投诉将直接进入董事会。	And if the chief executive is implicated, complaints go straight to the board of directors.
Convercent 的创始人兼首席执行官帕特里克·昆兰表示：“舆论法庭篡夺了监管机构的权力。	"The court of public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, the founder and chief executive of Convercent.
如果一家公司被发现对待员工不善或者对员工表现不道德，即使监管机构不介入，这家公司也可能面临消费者抵制、员工流失和卷入诉讼的高昂后果，昆兰表示。	If a company is found to treat its employees poorly or behave unethically, even if regulators don't step in, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee attrition and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
Ruby Tuesday 是一家横跨 500 多个地方并拥有超过 25,000 名员工的餐饮连锁店，已使用 Convercent 一年多，确保员工了解工作准则与工作规程，提供联系公司总部的轻松途径。	Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees across 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and offer an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.
在此之前，如果员工想要报告问题，必须找到公司总部电话号码或电子邮件，提出正式投诉，并希望总部能对此予以认真对待。	Previously, if an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, lodge a formal complaint, and hope it was taken seriously.
这往往是一种令人畏惧而不安的经历，Ruby Tuesday 的法律总顾问詹姆斯·维特拉诺如是说，他认为并没有一种好的方法可以追踪员工的投诉。	It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way of tracking employee complaints.
但现在该公司使用 Convercent，就能更快地发现和解决之前位于远距离办公室、城市或州的高管所不知道的问题 - 如歧视、骚扰或不公平的工资行为。	Now that the company is using Convercent, though, problems that were previously hidden from executives who sat in offices cities or states away - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair wage practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
“我可以更近地、360 度全方位地了解工作体验，”负责 Ruby Tuesday 风险管理团队的维特拉诺说道。	"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view into the employment experience," said Vitrano, who oversees Ruby Tuesday's risk management group.
“我们正在保护我们的股东免受就业诉讼。”	"And we're protecting our shareholders from employment litigation."
昆兰表示，在安道尔会计师事务所因安然丑闻违反道德规范而倒闭后，各家公司从 2002 年开始更加重视道德、价值观和员工敬业度。	Companies started taking ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed because of ethical violations from the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
但直到“社交媒体走入了自己的世界”之后，各家公司才意识到他们无法阻止他们的爆料在网上病毒式传播。	But it wasn't until "social media came into its own" that companies realized they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going viral online.
“在使用技术监测道德之前，人们把希望视为一种策略，”他说。	"Prior to using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
Glint 和 Convercent 均将其软件作为服务提供，并向各家公司收取产品使用的经常性费用。	Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies recurring fees to use their products.
这种商业模式和商业机会得到风险投资者的支持，这些投资者已经为这两家初创公司提供支持。	It's a business model and opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors, who have propped up both start-ups.
2 月份，Convercent 从 Sapphire Ventures 和 Tola Capital 等公司筹集了 1000 万美元的资金，其总资本上升至 4700 万美元。	Convercent raised $10 million in funding in February from firms such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing its total capital raised to $47 million.
11 月份，Glint 从 Bessemer Venture Partners 获得了 1000 万美元的资金，其总资金达到 6000 万美元。	Glint secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total funding to $60 million.
鉴于公司、文化和风险投资之间的相互关联性，这些投资几乎不会让人感到惊讶。	These investments hardly come as a surprise, given the interconnected nature of companies, culture and venture capital.
越来越多的研究表明，今天的员工对工作场所的期望比以前更高。	There's a growing body of research showing today's employees expect more from their workplaces than before.
在像硅谷这样竞争激烈的市场中，高薪水和有趣的项目仅仅是赌注。	In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are merely table stakes.
员工希望感受到他们被接受、被重视，感受到他们的时间花在一个有积极使命的公司身上。	Employees want to feel that they're accepted and valued and that they're giving their time to a company with a positive mission.
“当人们乐于加入公司、感受到他们的声音被聆听、他们所做的工作是有益的，他们就会更加致力于让公司取得成功，”LinkedIn 全球福利和员工体验副总裁妮娜·麦卡特尼表示。LinkedIn 同时使用 Convercent 和 Glint 这两款软件。	"When people are happy to be at a company, feel their voices are heard, and that the work they are doing is rewarding, they are more committed to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen, vice president of global benefits and employee experience at LinkedIn, which uses both Convercent and Glint.
投资者在其投资组合公司表现良好时实现回报；公司在员工忠诚和敬业时表现良好。	Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies do well; companies do well when employees are committed and engaged.
如果第三方分析工具承诺增加员工的忠诚度和敬业度，他们会寻找财务支持也就不足为怪了。	If third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee commitment and engagement, it's no wonder they're finding backing.
工作场所文化专家称，掌握员工敬业度数据非常重要。	Having data on employee engagement is important, according to workplace culture experts.
但是，除非公司的管理员采取行动，否则这些数据毫无用处。	But the data are useless unless a company's custodians take action.
事实上，如果一家公司要求员工提供反馈意见，就可以预期这家公司正在进行变革。	In fact, if a company asks employees for their feedback, it can set an expectation that change is on the way.
如果变革进展得不够快，或者没有一点进展，则可能会带来失望，并导致员工脱离公司。	And if change doesn't come fast enough, or at all, it can breed disappointment and make employees disengaged.
商业管理公司科特国际公司的咨询业务主管拉塞尔·拉思表示：“如果你想寻求 4000 条建议，那么你需要准备好进行 4000 次对话。”他看到过一些公司过分依赖数据采集的错误。	"If you're going to ask for 4,000 suggestions, you need to be prepared to have 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting at business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies make the mistake of relying too much on data collection.
“因为如果不全程跟进，员工就会想，‘你真的听到我说的了吗？	"Because if you don't follow through, employees will wonder, 'Did you really hear me?
你在乎吗？	Do you care?
如果你不在乎，我为什么要在乎呢？’”	And if you don't care, why should I care?' "
埃雷特表示，Madison Reed 现在每月进行员工调查，已经能够在 Glint 报告问题的当天采取行动。	Madison Reed, which now does monthly employee surveys, has been able to take action the same day a problem is reported on Glint, according to Errett.
收集员工有关他们因决策速度和沟通质量而受挫的反馈意见之后，她就能够通过重组公司内部团队、增加沟通培训来解决问题。	And, after gathering feedback from employees frustrated by the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, she was able to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
Ruby Tuesday 公司正在获取对其员工的新见解，从长远来看，他们希望能够在这个以高人才流失率著称的行业中作出转变，更好地保留员工。	Over at Ruby Tuesday, the company is getting new insight on its employees, and it's hoping that in the long run, this will convert to better retention of workers in an industry known for high turnover.
“如果你不致力于创造透明文化，你会失去人才，”维特拉诺说道。	"If you're not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you're going to lose people," Vitrano said.
“如果你失去了人才，你就将失去客户。	"And if you lose people, you're going to lose customers.
而当你失去客户时，你就将失去公司。”	And when you lose customers, you're going to lose companies."
今年游泳世界杯的赛事回归25米短池，由9个分站比赛组成，比2015年多一个欧洲站。	This year the swimming events of World Cup will return to the 25-meter short pool. It will consist of 9 sub-station races and one more European station than 2015.
作为曾在2010年广州亚军会斯诺克项目中击败丁俊晖，获得该项目金牌的世界级选手，傅家俊应该是香港现役运动员中知名度最高的斯诺克球手。	As a world-class player who defeated Ding Junhui in Snooker Project of the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games and won the gold medal in this project, Marco Fu should be the most famous Snooker player among the active athletes in Hong Kong.
由国家语言资源监测与研究中心、商务印书馆、人民网主办的“汉语盘点2016”揭晓仪式今天在京举行。	The unveiling ceremony of “Taking Stock of the Chinese Language 2016”, jointly hosted by the National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center, Commercial Press and people.cn, was held in Beijing today.
斯特林争议进球绝杀阿森纳，之于此前3轮2场败北的曼城，着实是一针太及时的强心剂。	Sterling's controversial goal defeated Arsenal, which is really a timely and inspiring attempt for Manchester City after losing two battles in the three matches before.
本报讯（记者卢波）5月12日，副市长陈绿平赴永川，就该区落实整改中央环保督察反馈意见和临江河流域综合治理进行调研，并举行座谈会。 据了解，为扎实抓好中央环保督察反馈意见整改工作，永川区成立了工作领导小组，将整改任务分解到21个区级牵头部门和23个牵头镇街，相关整改工作已全面启动。	(Reporter: Lu Bo) On May 12, Deputy Mayor Chen Lvping arrived at Yongchuan to inspect the status of the implementation of rectifications from the feedback and opinions of the Central Environmental Inspection Group as well as the comprehensive treatment of river basins by the region, as well as to hold a forum. It was understood that Yongchuan had set up a task force for the purpose of conscientiously carrying out the rectification task resulting from the feedback and opinions of the Central Environmental Inspection Group. The rectification task was broken down into 21 regional-level leading departments, and 23 leading towns and streets. The relevant rectification has fully commenced.
都市情感商业大剧《鸡毛飞上天》正在江苏卫视热播，该剧讲述了三代人既艰辛曲折又充满激情的创业史和情感史故事。	Urban romance-business drama “Feather Flies To The Sky” has been a big hit on Jiangsu Television. The drama tells the story of the arduous and passionate entrepreneurial history and romance of three generations of people.
这位出生于上世纪40年代的话剧导演，是业界德高望重的老前辈，话剧金狮奖得主，享受国务院特殊津贴。	This director of plays, who was born in the 1940s, is a highly respected elder in the performing arts circle. He was a winner of the Golden Lion Award, and was entitled to special subsidy from the State Council.
男子50米仰泳，中国选手徐嘉余以23秒54的成绩排名第八，日本选手谷赫纯也以22秒85夺冠。	In the men's 50-meter backstroke, Koga Junya from Japan won the champion with 22'85 and Chinese athlete Xu Jiayu ranked eighth with 23'54.
NCAA 取消每日两次的训练，延长熊队白天的训练时间	The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices makes for a long day for the Bruins
时间接近晚上 11 点，加州大学洛杉矶分校足球队队员在球队新的校园练习场旁边徘徊聊天。	It's pushing 11 p.m. as a throng of UCLA football players linger to chat on one side of the team's new on-campus practice fields.
有些球员已经脱下运动衫，露出集训营第一天努力训练后汗流浃背的身体。	Some have peeled off their jersey tops, revealing backs slick with sweat from the toil of the first day of training camp.
对于球队中很大一部分人来说，这空闲的几分钟就是休息时间。	For a good chunk of the team, these idle minutes constitute a midday break.
参加夏季课程的球员在三小时练习后将返回宿舍备考期末考试，然后第二天早上 6:30 返回 Wasserman 足球中心参加会议。	Players enrolled in summer classes will head back to their dorms after the three-hour practice to study for final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings at 6:30 the following morning.
“接下来的三天对这些家伙是一种磨合，”熊队教练吉姆·莫拉在周一即将进入周二时说道。	"This is a grind for these guys the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said not long before Monday turned into Tuesday.
NCAA 取消了每日两次练习（旨在减轻球员负担），但实际上延长了他们白天的训练时间 - 至少在周五结束之前。	The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices, designed to lighten the load on players, has actually lengthened their days - at least until finals end Friday.
这就是为什么加州大学洛杉矶分校的前三次训练定于下午 7 点 15 分开始，以适应球员已经挤塞的时间表。	That's why UCLA's first three practices were scheduled to begin at 7:15 p.m. to accommodate players' already crammed schedules.
从取消一天两次训练到更多地进行一天一次训练，熊队在上个赛季前差不多一个星期展开训练，莫拉在韦斯特伍德的六个赛季中首次于暑期学校进行训练。	The trade-off from no two-a-days is more one-a-days, the Bruins pushing up the start of camp nearly a week from last season and holding practices during summer school for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.
他们计划从 8 月 20 日开始进行 18 场训练，然后再开始为 9 月份首战德州农工进行正式比赛做赛前准备。	They are scheduled to hold 18 practices through Aug. 20 before beginning formal game preparations for their opener against Texas A&M on Sept.
莫拉说，他支持 NCAA 的规则调整，虽然这样会让球员繁忙的行程又增加了另一个项目。	Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change even if it did add another item to players' busy itineraries.
“三或四天时间内，我们会给他们施加巨大的训练量，非常具有挑战性，”莫拉说道。	"We're putting this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," Mora said.
“他们也刚刚通过。他们在磨练，他们都是很棒的孩子。	"And they've just pushed through it; they grind, they're great kids.
我想到了周六，我们就会有更多时间，真的很棒。”	I think once we get to Saturday and we'll have more time, it will really be great."
集训营一结束，加州大学洛杉矶分校就会停止训练。考虑到邻近的停车场和 Luskin Center 的清晰视线，这不是一个容易的任务。Luskin Center 高级酒店已被穿过球门柱后防护网的足球投掷得遍体鳞伤。	UCLA will close its practices once camp is finished, no easy task given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjoining Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a protective net behind a goalpost.
本周末开始，熊队队员将住在酒店。但莫拉承认，一旦这些房间在赛季中空置，可能会出现问题。	Bruins players are scheduled to occupy the hotel beginning this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be an issue once those rooms are vacant during the season.
“我们会采取安保措施，”莫拉说。	"We will have security," Mora said.
“这是一个真正令人担忧的问题。认为有人可能会租一个房间、坐在房间里录制训练场景，这个想法并不牵强。	"That is a real concern and it's not far-fetched to think that people can rent a room and sit up there and videotape a practice.
如果你有训练录像带，也相当不错。	If you have videotape of a practice, it's a pretty good deal.
但是我们在那里会采安保措施，在 8 号停车场也会采取安保措施。	But we'll have security there and we'll have security up in Parking Lot 8.
我们会利用现有资源，做到最好。	We'll do the best we can with what we got.
对此，我不会过多担心。	I'm not going to worry too much about it.
我们已经制定好了计划。”	We have a plan in place."
澳洲统计局(ABS)数据显示，今年第二季度，全澳房屋价值平均上涨1.5%至2%，年增3.5%，创自2013年3月以来最低年增率。	Figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) revealed that in the second quarter of this year, residential property prices in Australia nationwide rose by an average of 1.5% to 2%, and were 3.5% higher on an annual basis, the lowest annual growth rate since March 2013.
就在房产中介期待在节日季出售更多房产之际，澳洲房价增幅却创2013年以来最低水平。	Just when real estate agents were looking forward to selling more real estate during the holiday season, growth rate of residential property prices was the lowest since 2013.
IT之家上午报道，华尔街日报消息称AT&T已经取消计划在美国销售华为新旗舰智能手机的计划。	IT Home reported this morning that Wall Street Journal claimed that AT&T has canceled plans to sell Huawei’s new flagship smart phone in the US.
华为原计划本周在CES上宣布该合作关系，AT&T在最后一刻取消了这一合作。	Huawei’s original plan was to announce this partnership at the CES this week, but AT&T canceled the partnership at the last minute.
针对这一情况，华为方面1月9日回应澎湃新闻记者表示，美国当地时间1月9日，华为将向美国市场发布新产品以及具体上市信息。	In a January 9 response to a Bloomberg reporter as regards this turn of events (January 9 US local time), Huawei said that it would release its new product and specific listing information to the US market.
华为表示，过去5年，华为已通过在全球和美国市场推出高端产品，证明自己的实力。	Huawei indicated that in the past five years, it has already launched high-end products worldwide and in the US market, proving its strength and competence.
据IT之家此前的报道，华为将于1月9日下午在拉斯维加斯CES大展上发布一款“你从未听说过的最好手机”，并且这款手机的续航能力能够支撑两天的使用。	According to the earlier IT Home report, Huawei will unveil the “best smartphone you’ve never heard of” in the afternoon of January 9 at the CES held in Las Vegas. The battery life of this model could support two days of continuous use.
业界普遍认为，华为即将发布的这款旗舰手机，即是搭载Android Oreo系统的华为Mate 10 Pro。	Industry insiders generally believe that the flagship mobile phone Huawei will soon unveil is the Huawei Mate 10 Pro equipped with Android Oreo.
羊城晚报记者王莉由范冰冰领衔，郭涛、大鹏、张嘉译等主演的电影《我不是潘金莲》将于9月30日全国上映。	Yangcheng Evening News reporter Wang Li. The film “I Am Not Madame Bovary” starring Fan Bingbing, as well as Guo Tao, Da Peng, Zhang Jiayi and others, will be released nationwide on September 30.
昨天，该片在北京举行“喜剧的忧伤”主题研讨会，冯小刚、宁浩、大鹏三位嘉宾出席活动。	Yesterday, the film held a workshop with the theme “Sorrow in Comedies” in Beijing. Feng Xiaogang, Ning Hao and Da Peng attended the event.
构图方圆交替，导演就是任性《我不是潘金莲》的特别之处，是构图方圆交替，特别是以遮罩镜头拍出的圆形画面很有新鲜感。	Alternating circular and square image composition; the director was simply willful What was special about “I Am Not Madame Bovary” was the alternating circular and square image compositions. In particular, the circular frames shot with a hooded lens were fresh and interesting.
冯小刚解释：“这个题材跟张艺谋导演的《秋菊打官司》很像，大家很容易联想到一块儿，我就想怎么用大家没用过的方式去拍。其实没有什么特别的想法，就是觉得好玩，想干点出格的事。”	Feng Xiaogang explained, “ This theme was very similar to Director Zhang Yimou’s “The Story of Qiu Ju”, so it’s very easy for many to lump the two together. So I started to think how I should shoot the film using a method no one has used before. Actually, it wasn’t really a very special idea. I just thought it’d be fun to do something a little different.”
冯小刚称自己把作品当成处女作，跟摄影师学习怎么拍圆形画面，甚至花了几百万元让摄影师拍了一个十分钟的试片。	Feng Xiaogang said he regarded the work as his maiden work, and learned how to shoot circular frames from the camera people. He even spent a few million to allow the camera people to shoot a 10-minute pilot.
脸书将推出事实核查功能，打击虚假新闻	Facebook to step up fact-checking in fight against fake news
脸书在周四宣称，将发送更多潜在恶作剧文章给第三方检测机构，并在原帖下方展示检测结果。脸书这一全球最大的在线社交网络正试图打击所谓的假新闻。	Facebook is to send more potential hoax articles to third-party fact checkers and show their findings below the original post, the world's largest online social network said on Thursday as it tries to fight so-called fake news.
脸书公司在其网站的声明中表示，脸书将开始使用更新的机器来学习检测可能的恶作剧并将其发送给事实核查器，并可能在原帖下方显示事实核查结果。	The company said in a statement on its website it will start using updated machine learning to detect possible hoaxes and send them to fact checkers, potentially showing fact-checking results under the original article.
脸书被批评为所谓假新闻的主要传播点之一，许多人认为脸书影响了 2016 年美国总统大选。	Facebook has been criticized as being one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many think influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
这个问题也成为欧洲的一个重大政治话题，法国五月份总统选举前，选民遭遇了虚假故事的泛滥，德国则率先在九月选举前通过了对罚款计划的支持，如果社交媒体网络未能及时删除仇恨帖，则会被处以罚款。	The issue has also become a big political topic in Europe, with French voters deluged with false stories ahead of the presidential election in May and Germany backing a plan to fine social media networks if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, ahead of elections there in September.
脸书周四在德国的一份单独声明中表示，正在美国、法国、荷兰和德国启动一项新的事实核查功能测试。	On Thursday Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking feature was being launched in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
脸书新闻馈送产品经理莎拉·苏在一篇博客中表示：“除了看到哪些故事受到第三方事实核查员的质疑外，人们还希望有更多的背景来帮助他们对阅读和分享的内容做出明智的决定。	"In addition to seeing which stories are disputed by third-party fact checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook news feed product manager, in a blog.
她补充说，脸书将继续测试其“相关文章”功能，并对其新闻提要进行其他更改以减少虚假新闻。	She added that Facebook would keep testing its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to cut down on false news.
创作一部绘图小说：英格兰城堡的故事	Building a graphic novel: A Castle in England's story
最近，小巧的斯科特尼城堡在压缩版音乐影片中成为主角，并一度成为玛格丽特·撒切尔 (Margaret Thatcher) 夫人在七八十年代期间的避难所。	In its recent past, the diminutive Scotney Castle has featured in a Squeeze music video and been a bolthole for Margaret Thatcher during the 1970s and 1980s.
但是斯科特尼在肯特州贝乐河峡谷舒适的位置上目睹了 700 年的动荡历史，现在它则成为由杰米·罗德斯 (Jamie Rhodes) (一个对历史文件有特别爱好、留着拖把头的约克郡人) 所写图形小说的灵感来源。	But Scotney has witnessed 700 years of tumultuous history from its cosy seat in Bewl River valley in Kent, now inspiration for a graphic novel written by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.
“可以看到 300 年前古人的笔迹，我发现这真是太美了 ”，他满眼向往地说道。	"I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
“这是什么样的人际缘分才能让这封信落在我手上。”	"What a personal connection, to hold that letter in my hand."
跨越中世纪直到爱德华时代，“一座英格兰城堡”读本记录了居在斯科特尼的各个家族，每个故事都是由不同的、英国未来的艺术家如 Isaac Lenkiewicz、Briony May Smith、William Exley、Becky Palmer，以及 Isabel Greenberg 所作。	Spanning the middle ages to the Edwardian era, A Castle in England documents the families that lived in Scotney, with each story illustrated by a different, upcoming UK artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.
这并不是罗兹第一本以档案为原材料的书：他还写了《2014 年死人的牙齿和其他故事》，这是一本受英国图书馆文献启发而作的图书，这是一个他受到无法控制的创作激情而完成的作品。	It is not Rhodes's first book based on an archive: he also wrote 2014's Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
他说：“我在看到信件一侧留下的拇指印记那刻起就不可抑制自己的写作冲动，该封信是一位 18 世纪为雅各布派工作的双重特工所写。”	"I welled up at just the thumbprint on the side of a letter, written by a double agent in the 1700s who was working for the Jacobites," he says.
“那是他的指纹！	"That's his thumbprint!
而且信件一直闻起来有股烟味，因为那时候，你需要点火才能有光亮。	And letters always smell like smoke because, back then, you lit a fire for light.
对于300年后的我们来说，这种气味让人感觉他们也在我们身边。	To someone 300 years in the future, the smell makes it feel like they're there, too.
噢，我喜欢档案文献！”	Ah, I love archives!"
对于那些被旧纸张打动的人来说，可以得到英格兰国家信托和艺术委员会的支持并在城堡里生活了将近四个月 (“说实话，我呆的时间有点久了”) 似乎太棒了，简直不相信是真的。	For someone so smitten with old papers, getting support from the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("I overstayed my welcome a little bit, to be honest") seems too good to be true.
罗兹耗费了数天时间参观浏览维多利亚的“新”城堡，翻阅档案、研究庄园的许多宝藏和古玩，比如挂在墙上的鬣狗头，以及在护城河中度过了几个世纪的瓶子等等。	Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, going through the archives and studying the manor's many treasures and curios, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.
他漫步在旧城堡的土地和废墟上，与流浪者、园丁，有时候与为他书中绘制插图艺术家聊天。	He wandered the grounds and the ruins of the old castle, talking to rangers, gardeners and sometimes the artists at work on his book's illustrations.
然后到了晚上，他就会“喝点威士忌，然后写作。”	Then at night, he'd "drink whiskey and get writing."
斯科特尼的隐秘历史还不是很清楚，因为“英国国民信托组织” (National Trust) 只有在 2006 年最后的继承人伊丽莎白·赫西去世后才完全进入。	The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust had only gained full access in 2006 when the final heir, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
十年后，当罗兹到来时，工作人员才开始处理档案，他把它们形容为“数百年前的贵族们要走了：“哦，把它放在阁楼里吧'。”	When Rhodes arrived a decade later, staff were only starting to tackle the archive, which he describes as "hundreds of years of aristocrats going: 'Oh, stick it in the loft'."
日记、来自英国帝国时代的信件、描绘了各个国家疆域的地图：“你会认为土地纠纷会很无聊 ”，罗兹说，“但是会发生两个家族会为了一棵白桦树而大打出手。	Diaries, letters from the days of the English empire, maps outlining who owned what: "You'd think land disputes would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was this one birch tree two families were fighting over.
放手吧，伙计们！”	Just let it go, guys!"
该作品中的一些故事以城堡作为起点，进而来更广泛的层面研究英国的历史，其中包括《劳动者》 (The Labourer) ，该故事以一名离开新建城堡参加1381年农民起义的人为线索。	Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a jumping-off point to delve more broadly into English history, including The Labourer, which follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the 1381 Peasants' Revolt.
“书中名为《肯特和苏塞克斯的骑士家族》 (Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex) ”的故事记录了 1380 年在城堡里发生的一场暴乱 ”，罗兹说道。	"There is a record of a riot happening at the castle in 1380, in this book called the Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex," says Rhodes.
“农民起义开始于那个地区，而我认为那里是发动起义的好地方。	"The Peasants' Revolt started in that area and I thought, a riot is a good place to start.
也许这这两者存在关联？”	Maybe the two are connected?"
其他的故事深深植根于城堡的历史， 例如《牧师》 (The Priest) ，它讲述了达雷尔家族在英国宗教改革时期隐匿一名耶稣会牧师达七年之久的故事。	Other stories are rooted firmly in the history of the castle - such as The Priest, which tells the tale of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
或者《走私者》 (The Smuggler) ，该故事的主人翁是 18 世纪的走私者亚瑟?达雷尔，他被认为是通过用石块装满棺材给自己举行葬礼 (数年后他的棺材露出地面，人们才发觉) 。	Or The Smuggler, which features 18th-century contrabander Arthur Darrell, who is thought to have staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with rocks (a discovery made years later when his coffin was unearthed).
《达雷尔家族》 (The Darrells) 是罗兹最喜欢的斯科特尼城堡家族：“这些先生们似乎很无赖，总是不断地借钱，再花钱买他们买不起的东西。	The Darrells are Rhodes's favourite Scotney family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite roguish, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
一代又一代的达雷尔男人通过嫁给富有的老女人来解决他们的债务问题，我想他们应该是一群英俊的小伙子，懂得如何追求女人。”	Different generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of handsome guys, with a knack for wooing heiresses."
随着他在城堡中的任务结束，罗兹开始寻找其他奇异的写作经历。	With his assignment in the castle over, Rhodes is on the hunt for other singular writing experiences.
他在芬兰的荒野里用两周时间完成了一部绘图小说，内容是关于“El?¤m?¤nm?¤ki”，那是一个 20 世纪早期疗养院，后来它慢慢被废弃了。	He has completed a two-week stint in the Finnish wilderness for a graphic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th-century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.
但斯科特尼对他而言有着特殊的地位。	But Scotney holds a special place for him.
“我很伤心地离开”，他说。	"I was sad to leave," he says.
“这就像是：'噢，我得去面对槽糕的现实生活中。'”	"It was like: 'Ah, I've got to go deal with fucking real life now.'"
据澎湃新闻记者了解，中兴智能汽车团队总部设在珠海，操盘人为中兴通讯执行副总裁田文果。	Bloomberg reporters learned that ZTE Smart Auto’s headquarters will be established in Zhuhai, and the company will be headed by Tian Wenguo, Executive Vice President of ZTE Corporation.
大型能源公司个个都“富可敌国”，那么全球众多能源公司中谁最趁钱呢？	All large energy companies are “extremely wealthy”. So which energy company in the world makes the most money?
昨日，著名的PFC能源公司公布了2011年上市能源公司50强排名，美国石油天然气生产商埃克森美孚以4063亿美元的市值蝉联冠军，中国石油和荷兰皇家壳牌紧随之后。	Yesterday, PFC Energy published its 2011 list of the Top 50 largest listed energy companies. US oil and gas producer ExxonMobil retained its top position with a market valuation of US$406.3 billion, closely followed by PetroChina and Royal Dutch Shell.
在PFC的这份榜单中，中石油曾于2007年和2009年两度问鼎，其他年份榜首位置全部由埃克森美孚占据。	PetroChina topped the PFC rankings twice in 2007 and 2009, while ExxonMobil ranked first place position for the other years.
在2011年的50强榜单中，共有3家来自中国内地的公司入围，除了排名第2的中石油，还有第9位的中国石化和第15位的中国海洋石油。	Three companies from Mainland China made the 2011 Top 50 list. In addition 2nd place PetroChina, Sinopec and CNOOC were ranked 9th and 15th, respectively.
根据PFC的统计，不过，尽管目前的油价远比4年前要高，对此，PFC能源公司CEO指出，导致总市值低的原因有很多，主要包括北美天然气价格的下降，以及全球股票市场的活跃度低。	According to PFC’s statistics, ... Nonetheless, although current oil prices are far higher than that four years ago, PFC Energy’s CEO said that the lower combined market valuation was attributable to a number of factors, including lower North American natural gas prices, and less buoyant global stock markets.
据新华社报道，京津冀及周边地区从16日开始的重污染天气到了19日进一步加剧，河北石家庄、辛集、邯郸3市AQI出现“爆表”。	Xinhua News Agency reported that heavily polluted weather will descend on Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and surrounding regions from the 16th and worsen by the 19th. The AQI of three cities in Hebei, namely Shijiazhuang, Xinji and Handan, will be dramatically high.
美国修改绿卡规定	Washington Changes the Green Card Rules
媒体援引总统唐纳德·特朗普的讲话称，美国将推出新的移民计划，修改绿卡规定。	There is going to be new US immigration plan to modify Green Card rules, President Donald Trump said, quoted by the media.
该项计划意将合法移民减少至每年 50,000 人，临时工作签证以及面向家庭的签证申请会受到更严格的规定限制。	It envisages reducing legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
新规定由共和党提出并受到总统支持。	The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and are supported by the president.
法律草案将在两院内进行讨论。	The draft law is due to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.
美国媒体援引特朗普的话表示，“这项法律将减少贫困，提高工资，为纳税人节省数十亿美元，通过改变美国向其他国家公民发放绿卡的方式来实现以上好处。	"This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and will do this by changing the way the US issues Green Cards to citizens from other countries.
该法律将取代目前的方案，减少链式移民。	The law will reduce chain migration and replace the current scheme.
这一新的申请流程有利于会讲英语，拥有资金支持，并拥有对经济发展有利技能的申请人。”	This new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, have financial resources to support themselves and show skills that will benefit our economy," said Trump, quoted by the American media.
5月29日，首届中国烟花爆竹安全环保博览会将在浏阳举行。	The inaugural China Fireworks and Firecracker Safety and Environmental Protection Expo will be held in Liuyang on May 29.
活动围绕“科技、安全、环保”主题展开，为期2天。届时，全国烟花爆竹行业中最先进的花炮机械、最安全环保的花炮原辅材料和新产品将齐聚浏阳。	The two-day event will be focused on the theme “Technology, Safety, Environmental Protection”. Then, the most advanced fireworks and firecracker machinery, the safest and most environmental friendly fireworks and firecracker raw and auxiliary materials as well as new products in China’s fireworks and firecracker industry will gather at Liuyang.
本次博览会将邀请大批专家、企业家，进行烟花爆竹行业学术交流，共享烟花爆竹安全环保最新技术成果。	A large number of experts and entrepreneurs will be invited to this Expo to carry out academic exchanges in the fireworks and firecracker industry, and to share the latest technological achievements on fireworks and firecracker safety and environmental protection.
其中，烟花爆竹机械化生产设备和安全环保产品展示将在大瑶镇进行，主要参展项目包括技术成熟、经过相关科技鉴定和安全论证的烟花爆竹生产涉药机械设备，低感度、低爆能等安全型烟火药，无硫、微烟等安全环保型个人燃放产品。	In particular, the exhibition for mechanized equipment for the production of fireworks and firecrackers as well as safe and eco-friendly products will be held at Dayao Town. Key exhibits include technologically sophisticated mechanical equipment that uses explosive substances to produce fireworks and firecrackers that have been appraised by relevant technology and passed safety verification; low sensitivity, low blast and other safe pyrotechnic compositions; as well as sulfur-free, light smoke and other safe and eco-friendly personal fireworks and firecrackers.
同时，由浏阳16家花炮企业集体承办的烟花爆竹安全环保产品燃放展示则分为产品遴选和产品燃放展示两个阶段进行，通过前期评选的优秀新产品将于5月29日晚在浏阳市花炮观礼台和金滩燃放场进行燃放展示。	Meanwhile, safe and eco-friendly fireworks and firecracker products used for fireworks displays collectively sponsored by 16 Liuyang fireworks enterprises will be carried out in two phases - product selection and product fireworks display. Excellent new products that passed the early stage of the competition will be used for the fireworks displays at the Liuyang Fireworks Viewing Platform and the Gold Beach Display Site on May 29.
而提起即将到来的2017年，赵雷坦言：“在明年结束巡演之后，我想给自己清零，然后好好沉淀一下，写出更多新作品。”	When 2017, which was just around the corner, was mentioned, Zhao Lei said, “After the tour ends next year, I want to go away and be alone to take stock for a while, and write more new works.”
为优化景区环境，建设美丽南岳，近日，南岳区烟草专局(分公司)“636”志愿服务大队开展了“登山护林、爱护家园”环保活动。	For the purposes of optimizing the environment of scenic areas, and building a beautify Nanyue, the “636” voluntary service team of the Nanyue District Tobacco Monopoly Administration (Branch Company) carried out a “hiking to protect our forests and love our hometown” environmental protection event.
活动不仅得到了区烟草局全体干部职工的支持，还吸引了退休老干部、职工家属一并参与环保实践，老青少三代齐心协力、登山护林、清扫垃圾，为建设“美丽南岳”奉献自己的一份力量。	The event received the support of all the cadres and staff of the district Tobacco Administration, and also attracted retired cadres as well as the staff’s families, who came to participate in the environmental protection activities. Three generations of people from the elderly to children worked together, hiked up the mountain to protect the forests, and cleaned up rubbish, contributing their own effort to building a “beautiful Nanyue”.
此次志愿服务活动，旨在保护南岳风景资源，弘扬“关爱他人、关爱社会、关爱自然”的志愿服务理念，也让下一代从小接受熏陶，传承志愿服务美德。	This voluntary service event was aimed at protecting the scenic resources of Nanyue, and propagating the voluntary service concept of “care for others, care for society, and care for nature”. It also served to teach and pass on to the next generation the virtue of voluntary service.
据悉，“636”志愿服务大队自今年4月初成立以来，共发展会员16名，先后开展了看望残困零售客户、帮助烟农护理烟叶、雅安地震爱心捐款等一系列志愿服务活动，成为一支用心传递正能量的志愿生力军。	It is understood that since the “636” voluntary service team was founded in early April this year, the 16 members have carried out a series of voluntary service activities including visiting needy retail customers, helping tobacco farmers care for tobacco leaves, and making donations to the Ya’an earthquake victims, and have become a team of committed voluntary service activists that convey positive energy from their hearts.
在常年报道乒羽项目的记者们眼中，“藏獒”张继科早就具备了成为下一个林丹的潜质。	In the eyes of reporters who have been reporting on table tennis and badminton all year long, “Tibetan mastiff” Zhang Jike has already had the potential to become the next Lin Dan.
据国防部新闻局消息，中美双方经友好协商，于12月20日中午在南海有关海域顺利完成美无人潜航器的移交工作。	The Information Office of the Ministry of National Defense revealed that upon friendly consultations, China and the US successfully completed the transfer of the US unmanned undersea vehicle at the relevant region in the South China Sea on the afternoon of December 20.
近年来，谷歌、微软、亚马逊和Facebook等硅谷巨头在人工智能（AI）领域进行着军备竞赛。	In recent years, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and other Silicon Valley giants have armed themselves for competition in the artificial intelligence (AI) sector.
性爱机器人确在兴起，但我们应慎重	The rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned
就在你觉得 2017 年不会更诡异的时候，性爱机器人领域发布了一份新的技术发展报告。	Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any weirder along comes a new report on the technological developments in the sex robot sector.
是的。	Yep.
现在性爱机器人可是件大事。	Sex robots are a big deal right now.
最近，责任机器人基金会 (FRR) 发布了一份报告，展望了性爱机器人在接下来的五到十年中的发展。	Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) released a report looking at the development of sex robots over the next five to 10 years.
据谢菲尔德大学机器人技术和人工智能荣誉退休教授兼 FRR 联合创始人诺埃尔?夏基称，我们需要开始认真对待性爱机器人的兴起了。	According to Noel Sharkey, emeritus professor of robotics and artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.
顾客可以选择机器人的眼睛颜色、乳头形状和指甲类型。	Customers can choose the robot's eye colour, nipple shape and fingernail type.
夏基在新报告发布时说道：“人们在背后讥笑，但各大公司确实推出了很多性爱机器人，而我们也会看到更多。”	"People snigger about them, but the companies are actually shipping quite a lot and we are going to see them a lot more," Mr Sharkey said at the launch of the new report.
现代性爱娃娃已经从充气娃娃进化成了机器人，它们拥有硅胶皮肤，摸起来很温暖，还特意利用人工智能设置了人类般的性反应。	Modern sex dolls have evolved out of their blow-up counterparts into robots with a silicon skin that is warm to the touch - with deliberately human-like responses achieved by artificial intelligence.
用户也可以“自定义”他们的机器人来满足自己的喜好，从眼睛颜色、乳头形状到指甲类型或颜色都可以选择。	The user can also "customise" their robot to suit their persuasions, choosing everything from the robot's eye colour, nipple shape to fingernail type or colour.
但是更令人不安的是，很多拥有“个性”的机器人会让“复制娇妻”看起来很先进。	But it gets even more disturbing, with many of the robots possessing "personalities" that would make a Stepford Wife look progressive.
现代性爱玩具已进化成拥有硅胶皮肤的机器人。	Modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicon skin.
比如，RealBotix 机器人就能够根据使用者认为有吸引力的特点来自定义，比如害羞。	The RealBotix robot, for example, allows users to customise their robots according to the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.
还有由 True Companion 公司开发的 Roxxxy Gold 性爱机器人，可预先设定性格特点，包括略带羞涩的“冷艳法拉”和“乐于冒险”的“狂野温蒂”。	Then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots, developed by True Companion, which come with pre-programmed personalities, including "Frigid Farrah" that gives the impression of shyness and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
“Roxxxy Gold 机器人拥有尽可能与你相称的个性，”True Companion 公司网站对此津津乐道。	"Roxxxy Gold has a personality which is matched as much as possible to your personality," the True Companion website enthuses.
所以她爱你所爱，恶你所恶。	So she likes what you like, dislikes what you dislike, etc.
她也和正常人一样在那几天有小情绪！	She also has moods during the day just like real people!
她可以慵懒，可以健谈，也可以‘性致勃勃’！”	She can be sleepy, conversational or she can 'be in the mood'!"
性爱机器人的兴起带来很多不安——不仅仅是取代了真实的人类关系——而且卑躬屈膝的女性特征以及在冷艳（解读为：抗拒）法拉身上抽动的强奸暗示是最令人担忧的。	There are many disturbing aspects to the rise of sex robots - not least of which is the replacement of real, human relationships - but the subservient female traits, the rapey connotations of making a move on Frigid (read: resistant) Farrah, are the most concerning.
True Companion 在其网站上将 Roxxxy 比作男人的震动棒。	On its website, True Companion likened Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
该网站称“如果女人有震动棒，那为什么男人不可以有 Roxxxy？”	"If woman (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" the website states.
然而这些性爱机器人并不是一个单纯的恋物，也不只是一种性爱玩具。	However, these sex robots are not a mere fetish or just another sex toy.
他们的出现和日益成熟直指我们的文化中更黑暗、更深层的部分：从完美的性别平等逃离，走向以臣服为附加选项的性爱。	Their emergence and increasing sophistication points to something darker and deeper within our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality toward a desire for sex with subjugation as an optional add-on.
当然大部分男性不会留有性爱机器人，而且虽然 FRR 指出性爱机器人正越来越受欢迎，但它们目前依然处在消费文化的边缘。	Most men, naturally, are not going to keep sex robots, and while the FRR noted their increasing popularity, they remain, for now, on the outskirts of consumer culture.
但是从边缘渗透而来的东西能让我们看清我们所处的这个时代的进程。	But what seeps in from the fringes can be highly instructive as to the tenor of the era we're living in.
很多人本不诡异也不具备攻击性，直到自由市场让他们有机会变得如此。	And many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them the permission to be so.
这些精细的性爱机器人出现在一个全球女性的权利受到威胁的时代，白宫还有一位总统吹嘘对女性的性暴力，这并不是巧合。	There is little coincidence that these sophisticated sex robots have emerged at a time when women's rights are under threat across the globe, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
电视剧《使女的故事》最让人胆寒的部分不在于逼真的画面，不在于那一具具悬挂的尸体，也不在于那一双双被挖出的眼睛，而在于那过分真实的想象。	The most chilling aspect of the TV series The Handmaid's Tale isn't the graphic imagery, the noosed bodies and gouged eyes, but just how realistic that vision feels.
基列共和国是一次跳跃，但现在看起来这并不遥远。	The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but, right now, it doesn't feel like a large one.
这些性爱机器人背后的目标就是要尽技术可能创造最类似真实女性的身体（虽然是按色情明星的比例）。	The aim behind these sex robots is to create as much of a physical likeness to actual women (albeit with porn star proportions) as technologically possible.
这些机器人的创造者想要她们拥有人类的触觉，并模仿真实的人体动作。	Their creators want them to feel human to the touch, for them to mimic the movement of a real body.
但直白地讲，她们的“个性”并不能代表真实的女性。	But, pointedly, when it comes to their "personalities" the robots do not represent real women.
她们不能分手，也不能出走。	They cannot break up with their companion, or walk out.
她们没有求助机构也没有后续故事，完全没有任何独立，也没有任何可能打破彻底的奴役幻想。	They have no agency or back-story, nothing to suggest independence or anything that may disrupt the fantasy of total servitude.
换言之，她们是情趣奴隶。	They are pleasant slaves, in other words.
或者按 2017 年的通俗说法：使女。	Or to put it into 2017 parlance: handmaidens.
《长城》讲述了在古代，一支中国精英部队为保卫人类，在举世闻名的长城上与怪兽饕餮进行生死决战的故事。	“The Great Wall” tells the story of a Chinese elite troop in ancient times that battled valiantly against the monster Taotie on the world renowned Great Wall of China.
《奔跑吧兄弟》第四季最后一期已经录制，“跑男团”队长的邓超5月30日接受了沈阳晚报、沈阳网记者的微信采访，从“跑男”中的“学霸”到《恶棍天使》中的“搞笑恶棍”，再到“颓废男”陈默，邓超给观众的印象像是“百变星君”，不断变化。	The last episode of “Hurry Up, Brother” Season 4 has been recorded. Deng Chao, leader of the “Running Man Team” was interviewed via WeChat by the reporters of Shenyang Evening News and syd.com on May 30. From “Super Scholar” in “Running Man” to “Funny Villain” in “Devil and Angel” to “Decadent Guy” Chen Mo, the impression Deng Chao gives to the audience is that of a “flexible transformer”, constantly changing.
邓超表示，“在表演上，同样的事情我不会做的，要不断更新。”	Deng Chao said, “I won’t do the same thing over and over again in my acting career. I want to renew myself constantly.”
特朗普的伟大功绩？	Trump's great feat?
让米特?罗姆尼 (Mitt Romney) 成为常识的缩影	Making Mitt Romney seem the epitome of common sense
政治分歧带来美国选民的两极分化，而从微观角度来看，则破坏了美国家庭和睦。这对特朗普时代来说已经是见怪不怪了。	It has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that have polarised the US electorate have, on a micro-scale, torn families apart.
在圣诞节和感恩节前后，美国的各大报纸在评论专栏中充斥着如何应对票选特朗普亲属的恐惧。	Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, newspapers in the US abounded with advice columns on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.
通常认为，我们正在竭尽全力刺破我们的“过滤泡沫”。	We are all supposedly straining to burst our filter bubbles.
更少地发表意见的是特朗普将家人凝聚一起的力量。	Less remarked on is the power of Trump to bring families together.
我提到这一点是因为我的堂姐，一位居住在芝加哥的左翼诗人，他与我们家中的共和党人长期不和，这一周他要来纽约拜访我。	I mention this because my cousin, a left-leaning poet who lives in Chicago and who's long been at loggerheads with Republicans in our family, has been visiting me in New York this week.
她提醒我，团结起来对抗共同的敌人可以产生强有力的效果。	She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.
由于和特朗普在白宫共事，她认识的所有人，甚至包括几十年来一直发生政治争吵的共和党人亲戚，现在突然而且奇怪地都站在同一条战线了。	With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican sibling she had been bickering with about politics for decades, is suddenly and peculiarly on the same side.
如果都在餐桌的话，这当然是一件好事。但是让我感到震惊的是，从更广泛的角度来看，这会引起重大的风险。	Around the dinner table this is surely a good thing; but it strikes me that, in a broader context, it carries significant risks.
虽然左派人物一直以来受到特朗普的怂恿，但是他担任总统带来的翘曲效应则推动我们全部向右转。	The left has been invigorated by Trump, but the warping effect of his presidency has the power to push us all rightwards.
当我们谈论“正常化”和特朗普时，我们所指的是担忧的可能性，即他的古怪行为某天可能会停止。	When we talk about "normalisation" and Trump, we are referring to the scary possibility that his antics may one day cease to appal.
然而，还有一个更加令人担忧的长期场景，特朗普要“正常化”的是与右翼共和党人的关系，这些共和党人之前曾反对总统先生的标准，现在则突然间看起来成了理性的象征。	There is an even scarier long-range scenario, however, in which what Trump "normalises" are rightwing Republicans who, held up against his standards, suddenly seem the epitome of reasonable.
我发现最近自己对米特?罗姆尼版的癫狂古怪有些怀念：把狗在汽车上，14％ 的所得税（但至少我们知道他的纳税申报表），为与特朗普相比，这两个举动的罪行似乎确实太轻微了。	I find myself actively nostalgic these days for Mitt Romney's quaint version of crazy - the dog on the car roof, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which, compared to Trump, seem very mild offences indeed.
特朗普时代过去后，下一任共和党候选人只需要理智地取得进行不可估量的改善的资格。	When Trump goes, the next Republican candidate will merely have to be sane to qualify as an immeasurable improvement.
当我的堂姐住在镇上时，我们带着孩子去了纽约公园的旋转木马，这是由纽约中央公园管理部门经营的最大的旋转木马，如果你不需要咖啡的话，这三美元门票是你在这个城市最具消费价值的。	While my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the carousel in Central Park, the biggest of the carousels run by the New York parks department, and the best three bucks you can spend in the city if you don't require caffeine.
木马的声音如雷鸣般巨大，中央圆柱上为玻璃纤维设计，所有的小丑和动物扭过头，恐怖地和险恶看着自己的肩膀，而叮当作响的音乐则奇怪地响着。	The horses are thunderously huge, the fibre-glass designs on the central cylinder - all gurning clowns and animals twisting to look over their own shoulders in terror - utterly sinister, and the tinkling music oddly transporting.
太多庸俗的城市令人失望：从高楼大厦俯瞰的景观变得老套，天际线变得过于熟悉已经不能提供太多的刺激，而城市的现实并没有支撑起梦想。	So many of the cliches of a city disappoint: views from tall buildings get old, skylines grow too familiar to offer much of a thrill, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.
35 年后，我还没有完全忘记那天，我发现此“瑞士小屋”其实并不是瑞士小屋，而是一个位于主题酒吧“古老的瑞士小屋” (Ye Olde Swiss Cottage)，我记不清了，但在伦敦北部的一个交叉路口附近。	Thirty-five years later and I'm still not entirely over the day I discovered Swiss Cottage is not, in fact, a Swiss cottage - the theme pub, Ye Olde Swiss Cottage, doesn't count - but a large roundabout in north London.
然而，中央公园的旋转木马仍然是一个魔幻般的体验，对于两个 2 岁的孩子，一个11岁的孩子，和四个 40 来岁的两个女孩都可以参加的活动来说，每个人都玩得很开心。	The Central Park carousel, however, is still a weirdly magical experience, to the extent that two two-year-olds, an 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can go on it and all have a great time.
如果我能评价旋转木马，我会给它满分，但幸好没有人问到。	If I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but thankfully nobody asked.
但本周在一家百货公司，在刷信用卡之前，我被要求对我的交易“体验”进行一到五星的评分。	In a department store this week, on the other hand, I was required, before swiping my credit card, to rate my transactional "experience" on a scale of one to five stars.
在我街道角落的咖啡店里，也是如此，此外可以选择用 15％ 小费进行评分，这是为了在柜台上买东西。	In the coffee shop at the corner of my street it's the same thing, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this for buying something over the counter.
这样做的效果不仅在于减缓了本应该是中性交易的速度，而且给服务员带来压力，将个人因素加入到了不需要的情景。	The effect of this is not only to slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but to put pressure on the server to inject personality into a situation where none is required.
这位百货商店里可怜的女人抱歉地笑着，而我则疲惫不堪，信用卡交易体验给她评了五星。	The poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while, wearily, I gave the experience of handing her my credit card five stars.
奥斯卡·皮斯托利斯因胸痛从监狱转入医院	Oscar Pistorius taken from jail to hospital with chest pains
这是皮斯托利斯第二次离开监狱转入医院。	This is the second time Pistorius has left jail for a hospital visit.
去年他就被带到医院治疗手腕割伤，监狱官方称此伤是他在囚室中摔倒所致。	Last year he was taken to the hospital for treatment to cuts on his wrists, which prison authorities said he sustained after falling in his cell.
检察官对最初的误杀裁决提起上诉后，皮斯托利斯被判谋杀。	Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by prosecutors against an initial manslaughter verdict.
2013 年情人节凌晨时分，他在其比勒陀利亚的家中透过厕所隔间门多次枪击斯廷坎普，至其死亡。	He killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her multiple times through a toilet cubicle door at his Pretoria home.
皮斯托利斯声称将女友误认为夜间躲在隔间的闯入者。	Pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a nighttime intruder hiding in the cubicle.
检察官已宣布他们有意再次上诉，此次是为针对皮斯托利斯的六年徒刑，他们认为该刑期太过仁慈。	Prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal again, this time against Pistorius' six-year sentence, which they say is too lenient.
国家检察署表示将向南非最高法院提起上诉，且此上诉可在今年审理。	The National Prosecuting Authority said it will appeal to South Africa's Supreme Court, and the appeal could be heard this year.
如果检察官获胜，皮斯托利斯将面临增至 15 年的刑期。	Pistorius faces having his sentence increased to 15 years if prosecutors are successful.
南非没有死刑。	There is no death penalty in South Africa.
财经大环境下，酒类电商为谋业绩突破，一方面紧抓上游资源，另一方面积极谋划自有品牌。	Given the general financial and economic environment, alcohol related e-commerce merchants are holding fast to upstream resources while actively planning their own brands so as to seek breakthroughs in performance.
26岁的温州越剧团演员陈海峰，是班上唯一的女花脸。	Chen Haifeng, a 26-year old actor with the Wenzhou Yue Opera Troupe, is the only female in the class who plays a painted face character.
两名保加利亚人在希腊因非法露营被拘留	Two Bulgarians Were Detained For Illegal Camping in Greece
bTV 援引外交部消息称，两名保加利亚人在希腊因非法露营被拘留。	Two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Foreign Affairs Ministry announced, quoted by bTV.
8 月 1 日上午，锡索尼亚警方拘留了一群非法露营者，其中包括两名保加利亚人。	A group of illegally camping people, including the two Bulgarians, was detained by the police in Sithonia in the morning of August 1.
拘留者当天被释放，调查目前仍在进行中。	The same day they were released, while an investigation is currently underway.
外交部向 bTV 透露，两名保加利亚人随后被释放。	The ministry of foreign affairs reported bTV that Bulgarians were later released.
希腊当局加强了对随意露营的控制，并且会对任何在非指定露营地休息的人群处以巨额罚款。	The Greek authorities have tightened control over free camping and are already imposing serious fines on anyone who is caught resting in a place not intended for the purpose.
巡查将会持续一季。	Checks will continue throughout the season.
外交部表示，法庭可能会对随意露营者处以罚款。	The ministry said that the court may impose a fine.
5月18日财政部公布《工业企业结构调整专项奖补资金管理办法》，将安排专项奖补资金推动化解煤炭、钢铁行业的产能过剩，总金额为1000亿元。	On May 18, the Ministry of Finance issued the “Administrative Measures for Special Rewards and Subsidies for the Structural Adjustments of Industrial Enterprises”, and will arrange special rewards and subsidies amounting to a total of RMB100 billion to help advance reduction of overcapacity in the coal and steel industries.
近期上海、山西、山东、江苏、黑龙江等多个地方政府陆续提出了关于化解过剩产能的改革意见。	Recently, many local governments including that of Shanghai, Shanxi, Shandong, Jiangsu and Heilongjiang have proposed reform opinions on reducing overcapacity.
其中，不少省份甚至提出，要积极争取中央财政对其省份的去产能财政支持。	In particular, many provinces have even proposed to actively lobby the Central Government for fiscal support to reduce overcapacity in their respective provinces.
一个佐证是，仅8个省份公布的煤炭去产能目标就站到全国煤炭减产计划的90%。	One proof is that the overcapacity reduction target for coal announced by a mere eight provinces already account for 90% of the coal overcapacity reduction plan nationwide.
厦门大学中国能源政策研究院院长林伯强在接受记者采访时认为，钢铁和煤炭行业的“去产能”仅依靠中央的1000亿元远远不够，更多的资金需要地方政府和企业来自行解决。怎么解决？	At an interview with reporters, Lin Boqiang, Dean of China Institute for Studies in Energy Policy at Xiamen University, believed that merely relying on the Central government’s RMB100 billion to “reduce overcapacity” in the steel and coal industries is far from sufficient. More funds should come from local governments and enterprises. How should that be done?
山西省近期公布的煤炭去产能实施细则中提出将山西焦煤集团改组为国有资本投资公司，对企业的资产和业务进行重组整合，构建全新的商业模式。	In the detailed implementation rules for reducing surplus coal capacity issued recently by Shanxi Province, it was proposed that Shanxi Coking Coal Group should be restructured and transformed into a state-owned capital investment company, its assets and businesses should be reorganized and consolidated, and a new business model constructed.
资金实际缺口可能3倍于补贴此前，人力资源和社会保障部部长尹蔚民表示，初步统计“去产能”要分流安置的员工煤炭系统是130万人，钢铁系统是50万人。	The actual funding gap could be 3 times that of the subsidy. Earlier, Yin Weimin, Minister of Human Resources and Social Security, said that initial calculations showed that a total of 1.3 million employees in the coal industry and 500,000 in the steel industry were required to be resettled as a result of “reducing overcapacity”.
南方日报讯（记者/谢庆裕）记者今日从省环保厅获悉，2012年广东省重点污染源环境保护信用评级结果正在进行公示。	Nanfang Daily news (Reporter/Xie Qingyu) The reporter learned from the provincial environmental protection office today that the 2012 results of the environmental protection credit rating of key sources of pollution are being published.
经过评定，1251家列入环保信用管理名单企业中有134家因为停产、未验收、关停等原因暂不予评级。	Ratings showed that of the 1,251 enterprises listed on the environmental protection credit management register, 134 were not rated temporarily because of production stoppage, not having been checked and accepted, having been shut down, and/or other reasons.
而在拟评红牌企业中，主要以电镀、印染、防治等重污染企业较多，一些污水处理厂也榜上有名。	Of the enterprises that would be rated with a red card, heavy polluters such as those involved in electroplating, printing and dyeing, and prevention and control dominate. A number of waste water treatment plants were also listed.
省环保厅表示，为体现公开、公平、公正的原则，接受公众监督，现将评级结果在环保厅网站公示。	The provincial environmental protection office said that in order to reflect the principles of openness, impartiality and fairness, it welcomes public supervision, and has publicly released the rating results on the website of the environmental protection office.
公示期间，环保厅接受公众来电、来信、来访等多种形式反映问题，环保厅将对所反映的问题进行调查、核实和处理。	During the period when the results were publicly released, the environmental protection office received phone calls, letters, visits and many other forms of feedback from the public concerning such issues, which will be investigated, verified and dealt with by the environmental protection office.
气候变化可能会以不可逆转的方式毁掉大量物种，包括那些人类赖以生存的资源和食物。	Climate change can destroy a large number of species in an irreversible manner, including resources and food that humans rely on for survival.
韦恩斯表示，即使炎热不会直接杀死物种，也能够催生潜在危险因素。	Wiens said that although heat will not directly exterminate species, it can help induce potentially hazardous factors.
韦恩斯的研究还显示，本地灭绝因地区而不同，与温带地区相比，热带地区物种本地灭绝的几率会高1倍。	Wiens’ research also revealed that local extinction vary from region to region. Compared to regions with temperate climate, the probability of local extinction of species in tropical regions is doubled.
截至2016年11月30日，黑莓拥有现金、现金等价物、短期和长期投资16亿美元。	As of November 30, 2016, Blackberry’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments amounted to US$1.6 billion.
“垃圾不能随手扔，要放进垃圾桶里，高空抛物危害大，美好家园需要携手创造。”	“Don’t litter. Throw your rubbish in the rubbish bins. Throwing things from a high altitude is very dangerous. We need to work together to create a beautiful home.”
昨日，11岁的罗诗雨和妈妈一起来到三峡广场，一边捡起周围的垃圾，一边向过往行人派发宣传单，希望唤起更多人保护环境的意识。	Yesterday, 11-year-old Luo Shiyu and her mother arrived at Sanxia Square, and distributed promotional brochures to passersby while picking up rubbish in the surroundings, hoping to create awareness among more people about protecting the environment.
和罗诗雨家庭一样，来自沙坪坝区24个街镇的106个家庭的志愿者走上街头，担当“环保小卫士”。	Like Luo Shiyu’s family, volunteers from 106 families in 24 towns at Shapingba District took to the streets as “little environmental warriors”.
接下来，他们还将在小区里义务开展清洁劳动，或者走进住户家里去宣讲环保。据介绍，此次活动的主题为“创卫·携手家庭齐上阵”，活动即日起到6月20日截止。	Next, they will also carry out voluntary cleaning in housing estates or speak about environmental protection in the homes of residents. According to the introduction, these activities, themed “Build hygienic cities - Pitch in your family”, will be continue until June 20.
两届温网女单冠军科维托娃在捷克普罗斯捷约夫的家中遭到持刀盗贼的袭击，导致其左手受伤。	Kvitova, who won the Wimbledon women's single champion twice, was attacked by a knife robber at her home in Prostejov, Czech Republic, causing her left hand wounded.
蔡英文还宣称，她相信今天中国大陆领导层应该是理性的决策者，任何对台动武的可能性，应该都不在现在的决策思考里面。	Tsai Ing-wen also stated that she believed that the current Mainland Chinese leaders are rational decision makers. Any possibility of taking military action against Taiwan would not fall within the scope of consideration when making decisions at this time.
有记者问，日前台湾方面通过视频在联合国某次会议上“蹭会”，发言人有何评论？	A reporter asked whether the spokesperson would like to comment on Taiwan recently “sitting in” on a particular UN meeting via video conference.
人民币国际化程度不断提高，将利好全球经济、金融的稳定与发展。	The degree of internationalization of the RMB has continued to increase, and will benefit global economic and financial stability and growth.
泰晤士高等教育日前发布了第14届年度世界大学排名，从全球范围来看，牛津大学依旧蝉联第一。	Times Higher Education recently published the 14th World University Rankings. On a global basis, Oxford University remained the leader of the pack.
1月21日晚，第三届“马云乡村教师奖”颁奖典礼在海南三亚香格里拉酒店举行，来自全国各个地区的100名乡村教师获此殊荣。	On the night of January 21, the 3rd “Jack Ma Rural Teachers Award” was held at the Shangri-La Hotel in Sanya, Hainan. One hundred rural teachers across the country won this honor.
黄河和长江两条大河成了中国古代文明的摇篮。	The Yellow River and the Yangtze River have become the cradle of ancient Chinese civilization.
另外，由于昆虫含有异体蛋白，对于有些人容易造成过敏。	Elsewhere, insects carry foreign protein, and could easily cause allergies in some people.
它以身份证号为基础，并且采用了先进的“人脸识别”技术，可实现实名、实人身份认证。	Based on one’s identity card number, and using advanced “face recognition” technology, it can authenticate one’s real name and identity.
但我们也得承认，在童书领域，尤其是图画书方面，国外引进书籍占据着很大比例。	We also have to admit however, that in area of children’s books, particularly picture books, foreign imports account for a very large proportion.
2017年我国货物贸易进出口总值27.79万亿元人民币，比2016年增长14.2%，扭转了此前连续两年下降的局面。	In 2017, China’s total import and export of goods amounted to RMB27.79 trillion, up 14.2% year-on-year, reversing a declining trend in the last two consecutive years.
卞正坦言，对联因此走红网络，自己也很意外。	Bian Zheng said that couplets became an Internet hit as a result, and that he was very surprised as well.
在过去几年里，中国的科学出版物快速增长，尤其在计算机科学和工程学领域。	In the last few years, China’s scientific publications have grown rapidly, particularly in the computer science and engineering fields.
塑料包装的大规模普及迎合了现代社会大量生产、大量消费和大量遗弃的生活习惯，但也给环境和资源造成了极大的负担。	Large-scale prevalence of plastic packaging have met society’s living habits of large scale production, large scale consumption and large scale disposals, but this has created an enormous burden on the environment and resources.
去年10月，随着好莱坞性骚扰丑闻曝光，女性们掀起了反性侵、反职场性骚扰的热潮。	As sexual harassment scandals in Hollywood came to light last October, women have set off a wave of anti-sexual harassment and anti-sexual harassment in the workplace.
作为消费者权益保护的专门组织，中国消费者协会今年3月份和12月份两次约谈了共享单车企业。	As a special organization protecting the interests of consumers, China Consumers Association met for talks with bike sharing enterprises in March and December this year.
第４８届世界经济论坛年会将于２３日至２６日在瑞士达沃斯举行，年会主题为“在分化的世界中加强合作”。	The 48th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting will be held in Davos, Switzerland from the 23rd to the 26th, and the theme will be “Creating a Shared Future in a Fractured World”.
最近，一度停止运营的小蓝单车宣布，用户可以通过滴滴APP直接使用小蓝单车，但是此举却受到深圳市交委的明确反对。	Recently, Bluegogo, which ceased operation at one time, announced that users may directly use Bluegogo bikes via the Didi app, but this move was expressly opposed by the Shenzhen Transportation Committee.
对任何经调查确属违反安理会决议的行为，中方都将依法依规作出严肃处罚。	In respect of conduct, upon investigation, found to be in violation of Security Council resolutions, China will mete out severe punishment in accordance with laws and regulations.
业内人士认为，共享经济已经成为中国经济发展的重要组成部分，共享经济可能会引发加速整个社会的转型。	Industry insiders believe that the sharing economy has already become an important component of China’s economic growth. The sharing economy may help accelerate the structural transformation of the entire society.
根据国家统计局最新发布的数据，2017年我国餐饮业收入39644亿元，同比增长10.7%。	The latest data published by the National Bureau of Statistics revealed that the revenue of China’s food and beverage industry rose 10.7% year-on-year to RMB3,964.4 billion.
这种药物在心脏病发作后持续服用12个月，可降低中风或心脏病再次发作的风险。	Using this drug for 12 months after a heart attack episode can help reduce recurrence of stroke or heart attack.
她说,中国始终不渝走和平发展道路，始终奉行防御性的国防政策，始终是世界和平的建设者、全球发展的贡献者、国际秩序的维护者，这是国际社会有目共睹的。	She said that China will always advance steadfastly along the path of peaceful growth, always practice defensive national defense policies, and will also always be a builder of world peace, a contributer to global development, and a protector of international order. This is universally recognized by the international community.
中国首艘国产航母或将在2018年2月或3月进行首次海上试航	China’s first locally produced aircraft carrier may undergo its first trial at sea in February or March 2018
黄热病是一种由黄热病病毒引起的急性传染病，由蚊子叮咬传播，主要在非洲和拉丁美洲热带地区流行。	Yellow fever is an acute contagious disease caused by the yellow fever virus, and is spread through mosquito bites. It is prevalent in tropical regions in Africa and Latin America.
天气预报显示，日本东北地区22日最高气温可能降至摄氏零度以下，关东地区亦会降至5度左右，是日本入冬最冻的一个星期。	Weather forecast indicates that the maximum temperature in Northeastern Japan could fall below zero degree Celsius on the 22nd, and to 5 degrees Celsius in the Kantō region. It is the coldest week in Japan since winter began.
面对部分国家出现的“逆全球化”和贸易保护主义倾向，陈凤英说，全球化有各种方式，“一带一路”也是全球化的一种方式。	Confronted with the rise of “anti-globalization” and protectionism in some countries, Chen Fengying said that there are a number of globalization methods. The “Belt and Road” Initiative is also a method of globalization.
另获悉，在4时40分，最后一名落水渔民被成功救起，并由香港救助直升机接至岸上救治。	It was also understood that the last fisherman to have fallen into the sea was successfully rescued at 4:40, and was brought to shore for treatment by the Hong Kong Government Flying Service.
2015年，全球空气污染致死案例中约有25%发生在印度。	In 2005, approximately 25% of deaths resulting from global air pollution occurred in India.
法德关系存在的问题也体现了两国潜藏的经济发展观差异。	Issues that exist in French-German relations also reflected differences in the underlying economic growth of the two countries.
中非合作项目给非洲带去就业，也带去技术转移和知识分享。	China-Africa cooperation projects have created jobs in Africa, and has also brought technology transfer and knowledge sharing to the continent.
在记者的一项随机小调查中，11位受访退休人员仅有2人还在工作；另有9名老人表示会有部分时间帮助照看孩子，但有时间也会出去旅游或者发展兴趣爱好。	In a small random survey by a reporter, 11 retired employees who were interviewed revealed that only two were still working. The other nine said that they would spend some time to help look after children, but would also go traveling or develop their interests and hobbies if they have the time.
北京市卫计委公布的数据显示，2017年第46周，流感报告数不超过500例，到新年第一周，这个数字变成9548例，是前者的19倍。	Figures revealed by the Beijing Health and Family Planning Commission revealed that on the 46th week of 2017, the number of reported flu cases did not exceed 500. By the first week of the new year, the figure stood at 9,548, 19 times that of the former.
第90届奥斯卡奖即将于1月23日公布正式提名名单，好莱坞一年一度最吸引眼球的“奥斯卡时间”随之开启。	Nominations for the 90th Academy Awards will be officially announced on January 23, after which Hollywood’s annual most eye-catching “Oscar Time” will commence.
垃圾焚烧与空气质量密切相关，做好垃圾分类是改善大气环境的渠道之一。	Waste incineration and air quality are closely correlated. Conscientiously classifying waste is a channel for improving the atmospheric environment.
海口、三亚分别于2017年12月开通至越南、菲律宾邮轮旅游航线	Haikou and Sanya separately commenced cruise tours to Vietnam and the Philippines in December 2017
这项研究由澳大利亚国立大学开展，完整结果发表在本月的英国《科学报告》杂志上。	This study was conducted by the Australian National University. The full results were published in this month’s UK based “Scientific Reports” magazine.
在南太平洋一些岛国，由于全球变暖，不断上升的海平面，吞噬着居民赖以生存的土地和水源。	As a result of global warming, a number of island states in the Pacific Ocean have seen their land and water resources that residents depend on for survival engulfed by rising sea levels.
CEO黄佳佳表示，将全球最佳的学习资源带给中国的孩子们是他们未来五年的战略。	CEO Huang Jiajia expressed that their strategy for the next 5 years is to provide the world’s best learning materials to the children in China.
北京晨报记者对首开的这趟列车进行体验，宽敞的空间、舒适的座椅，以及充电插口、WiFi的设备，都让这条市郊铁路受到首批试乘乘客的好评。	A Beijing Morning Post reporter experienced the inaugural operation of this train. The first batch of passengers on the trial ride were impressed by the spacious carriage, comfortable seats, as well as charging sockets and WiFi equipment on this suburban railway.
爱尔兰总统迈克尔• 希金斯发表声明称：“她和小红莓乐队给爱尔兰乃至世界摇滚音乐带来了深远的影响，她的逝世是一次莫大的损失。”	Ireland President Michael Higgins issued a statement that said, “She and The Cranberries had an immense influence on rock and pop music in Ireland and internationally. Her death will be a big loss.”
我们还举行了纪念全民族抗战爆发80周年仪式和南京大屠杀死难者国家公祭仪式，以铭记历史、祈愿和平。	We also held an 80th National Memorial Day ceremony as well as a national public ceremony in memory of the victims of the Nanjing Massacre to always remember history and to pray for peace.
近日，澳大利亚的一名父亲为了搜寻失踪的儿子，竟然雇佣了一架直升机，最终成功救出开车冲到灌木丛中的儿子。	Recently, a father in Australia actually hired a helicopter to search for his missing son. In the end, he successfully rescued his son who drove into some bushes.
正如2017年5月默克尔曾说过：“某种程度上讲，我们百分百依靠别国而活的时代已经过去了，欧洲人应当把命运掌握在自己手中。”	Just as Merkel once said in May 2017: “To a certain extent, the era of depending 100% on another country for survival is over. Europeans should hold their fate in their own hands.”
在行业区域应用方面，北斗系统已在公安、交通、渔业、电力、林业、减灾等行业得到广泛使用，正服务于智慧城市建设和社会治理，显现规模化效益。	In terms of industry regional application, the BeiDou System was already extensively used in the public security, transportation, fishery, power, forestry, disaster relief and other industries. It was serving the building of smart cities and social governance, displaying benefits of scale.
但尽管奖金丰厚，世界斯诺克能否真正认可中国公开赛的国际地位，还值得怀疑。	Although the prize money was generous, whether world snooker can really recognize the international position of the China Open remains questionable.
2017年全年海南接待游客6745万人次，实现旅游总收入811.99亿元，其中入境游客量首次突破百万人次。	For the whole of 2017, Hainan welcomed 67.45 million tourists, and realized total tourism revenue of RMB81.199 billion. In particular, inbound tourists exceeded 1 million for the first time.
马里兰大学经济学家克雷格·加斯韦特的一项研究显示，在2008年民主党党内选举阶段，奥普拉的政治捐助为奥巴马带来了约100万张选票。	A study by University of Maryland economist Craig Garthwaite revealed that during the 2008 Democratic Party primary election, Oprah’s political donation helped bring about 1 million votes to Obama.
总部设在瑞士的世界自然基金会表示，中国这一决定影响巨大，有利于进一步遏制非洲象遭受非法屠杀和贩运的趋势。	The World Wide Fund for Nature headquartered in Switzerland said that the decision by China will have enormous impact and will help further contain the illegal slaughtering and trafficking trends of African elephants.
在当今世界充满不确定性和不稳定性情况下，智方愿同中方加强协调与合作，共同坚持多边主义和自由贸易，共同应对恐怖主义、气候变化等全球性挑战。	Despite uncertainties and instability in the world today, Chile has expressed willingness to strengthen coordination and cooperation with China, to jointly adhere to multilateralism and free trade, and to jointly deal with terrorism, climate change and other global challenges.
近日有报道称，一艘中国船只涉嫌在公海向朝鲜船只输送石油。	Recent reports claimed that a Chinese ship was alleged to have transferred oil to a North Korean vessel in international waters.
韩国以西海域21日发现一艘倾覆的中国渔船，韩国海警正在全力展开搜救。	A capsized Chinese fishing vessel was found in the waters west of South Korea on the 21st. South Korean coast guard is diligently engaged in the search and rescue operation.
过去十年，全球互联网普及率从21.7%提到到48.8%，发展中国家的互联网普及率增速更是发达国家的两倍。	In the last decade, global Internet penetration rate has risen from 21.7% to 48.8%. In developing countries, the growth rate of the Internet penetration rate is double that of developed countries.
近年来，家长们越来越重视儿童阅读，这是一件好事。	In recent years, parents have placed increasing emphasis on reading by children. This is good news.
该校为李嘉诚基金会捐资1.3亿美元合作筹建的第二所高校，而李嘉诚基金会明年起将再投资20亿元(人民币，下同)建设汕头大学。	This is the second institution of higher learning jointly established by a US$130 million donation by the Li Ka Shing Foundation. With effect from next year, the Foundation will commit another RMB2 billion to build Shantou University.
但是，他也逐渐意识到，自己并未能为家乡作出能够配得上这份“荣耀”的贡献。	However, he also gradually became aware that he was unable to make a contribution commensurate with this “honor” to his hometown.
其中，2017年发生的两起人车相撞交通事故处理结果受到人们广泛关注。	In particular, the outcome of the `handling of two human-auto collision in 2017 attracted widespread attention.
我成长于上世纪70、80年代的中国农村，深知产品安全对于一个志在服务于千家万户的电商平台是多么重要。	I grew up in rural China in the 1970s and 1980s, and can fully appreciate how important product safety is to an e-commerce platform that aims to serve thousands of households.
未来中企有望在铁路、轻轨、港口、航空等建设项目上与以色列开展更加广泛的合作。	In the future, Chinese enterprises hope to carry out even more extensive cooperation with Israel in terms of railway, light rail, ports, aviation and other construction projects.
世界卫生组织前不久警告圣保罗州染病风险高，提醒前往那里的外国游客提前10天接种疫苗。	The World Health Organization warned São Paulo state that the risk of infection was high, and reminded visiting foreign tourists to be vaccinated 10 days before going there.
为此，该协会正敦促美国人采取必要的预防措施，以避免传播流感，保护自己和他人的健康。	To this end, the association is urging Americans to take the necessary precautions to avoid spreading the flu and to take care of their own health and that of others.
萨拉热窝大学孔子学院于２０１５年正式成立，是波黑的第一所孔子学院。	The Confucius Institute at University of Sarajevo, officially established in 2015, is the first Confucius Institute in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
冠状动脉慢性完全闭塞病变（CTO）被喻为冠心病介入治疗的“最后堡垒”，手术成功率70%左右。	Chronic total occlusion is described as the “last fortress” of interventional therapy in coronary heart disease. The surgery success rate is around 70%.
据悉，该组织主要在克什米尔地区内活动，并一直努力将这一地区从印度分离出去。	It is understood that this organization is primarily active in Kashmir, and has always worked hard to try to separate this region from India.
正因如此，有人感叹，并不是每一个长了一双大眼睛的人都能有像苏明娟一样的幸运，所有努力的人，未必都能逆袭成功。	It is precisely because of this that some have lamented that not everyone who has a big pair of eyes is as fortunate as Su Mingjuan. All those who have worked hard would not have successfully gone on the counterattack.
抵达任务区以来，医疗分队先后执行了抢救巴基斯坦维和友军伤员等多项紧急任务。	Arriving at the mission area, the medical team carried out multiple emergency missions such as rescuing injured members of the Pakistani peacekeeping force.
法国总统马克龙21日在社交媒体网站推特上发布了该视频。	French President Macron sent the video on social media website Twitter on the 21st.
世界卫生组织称，中国大陆虽已有寨卡病毒病例输入，但是尚未发现存在从蚊子到人的本地传染。	The World Health Organization claimed that although cases of the Zika virus has been reported in Mainland China, local mosquito-to-human transmission has yet to be discovered.
在那四年里面，他唯一的乐趣就是利用周末外出旅游，结识全国各地的朋友	During those four years, his only hobby was to travel during the weekends and meet friends from all over the country
韩国环境部相关人士也表示，关于中国雾霾对韩国的影响，现在既没有共同研究结果，也没有确切权威资料，因此无法直接指责中方。	Relevant persons from the Korea’s Ministry of Environment also said that there is currently neither joint research results nor definitive authoritative information on the impact of China’s haze on Korea. Therefore, it is unable to direct accuse China.
截至2016年6月，全球共进行了114次月球探测，43次火星探测。	As of June 2016, 114 lunar explorations and 43 Mars explorations had been carried out worldwide.
中国目前传统产业经济的比重仍然是70%以上，包括能源、运输、电信、一般服务业，直接关注到国计民生。	Currently, the share of China’s traditional industrial economy, which includes energy, transportation, telecommunication, and general services, is still above 70%. This has direct concerns on the national economy and people’s livelihood.
当前，在中国和东盟国家的共同努力下，南海局势不断趋稳向好。	At this time, hard work between China and ASEAN has led to continued improvement in the situation in the South China Sea.
据外交部网站消息，2017年12月27日，外交部长王毅出席在河北省石家庄市举行的2017年全国地方外办主任会议并作报告。	According to news on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website, on December 27, 2017, Minister of Foreign Affairs Wang Yi attended the 2017 National Conference of Directors of Local Foreign Affairs Offices at Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, and made a report.
1989年出生的他，7年前从重庆来到墨尔本留学。	Born in 1989, he left Chongqing seven years to study in Melbourne.
2017年，我国在教育方面的固定资产投资过万亿元，增速达到20.2%，绝对量首次超过采矿业投资。	In 2017, fixed asset investment in China’s education sector exceeded RMB1 trillion, and growth rate was 20.2%. The absolute quantity exceeded investment in the mining industry for the first time.
此外，中法双方还将致力于空间探索领域开展合作，表示未来会在近地轨道、月球及火星的无人及载人探测领域开展一系列合作。	In addition, China and France are also committed to carrying out cooperation in space exploration, and said that they would embark on a series of cooperation in the areas of near-earth orbit, unmanned and manned probes on the Moon and Mars.
在嘉年华的现场，市民们除了可以选购心仪的农产品之外，还可参观展览区展出的本地特选新鲜农作物及幼鱼。	At the carnival, in addition to being able to shop for the agricultural produce of their choice, residents can also visit the special selection of local fresh agricultural produce and fish fry on display at the exhibition area.
世界气象组织日前表示，2017年全球极端气候造成的损失高达3300亿美元。	The World Meteorological Organization recently indicated that extreme global weather conditions in 2017 resulted in losses of US$330 billion.
“中国鱼子酱”不仅登上德国汉莎航空头等舱，还亮相奥斯卡晚宴、出现在G20杭州峰会欢迎晚宴上。	“Chinese caviar” not only made it to the first class cabin in Lufthansa, it also made an appearance at the Oscars’ dinner banquet, as well as the dinner banquet of the welcoming ceremony of the G20 Hangzhou Summit.
张宏萍告诉记者，国内“长三角”地区许多中小企业对中亚棉纱、蓝湿皮等物资需求旺盛，但通关、结算、物流等跨境电子商务环节目前仍存在不如人意之处，跨境贸易受到一定影响。	Zhang Hongping told reporters that many SMEs in China’s “Yangtze River Delta” region have strong demand for Central Asia cotton yarn, wet blue leather and other such supplies. However, customs, settlement, logistics and other cross-border e-commerce segments are still less than satisfactory. This has affected cross-border trade to some extent.
2016年6月28日，“伊斯兰国”恐怖分子用手榴弹袭击了位于马来西亚雪兰莪州的一间酒吧，造成8人受伤。这是马来西亚遭受的首起恐怖袭击事件。	On June 28, 2016, “ISIS” terrorist attacked a bar in Selangor, Malaysia with a hand grenade, injuring eight people. This was Malaysia’s first terrorist attack.
王磊坦言，医疗健康创业会比其他行业要难，“这不仅仅是有多少钱的事情，还要沉得下心，耐得住寂寞慢慢去做。”	Wang Lei disclosed that starting a medical healthcare company is more challenging when compared to other sectors. “This is not just about making money. You must be patient and get used to loneliness to do this properly.”
这些问题引起了有关部门的重视，也引起了外界对于是否限制企业走出去的各种议论。	These problems have attracted the attention of relevant departments, and have also triggered discussions by the outside word as to whether enterprises going abroad should be restricted.
据了解，基于人工智能最前沿技术的金融文档智能产品将大大提高金融从业人的工作效率。	It is understood that financial document smart products based on the most advanced AI technology will significantly increase the efficiency of financial practitioners.
陆慷在20日强调，中国对黄岩岛及其附近海域拥有无可争辩的主权。	Lu Kang emphasized on the 20th that China has indisputable sovereignty over Huangyan Island and nearby waters.
据统计，从平津陷落到1938年8月，中国的108所高等学校，绝大部分遭到日军轰炸破坏，其中10所完全被破坏，25所院校因此被迫停办。	Statistics reveal that fom the Fall of Pinjin to August 1938, the majority of China’s 108 institutions of higher learning were damaged by Japanese bombs. In particular, 10 were completely destroyed, while 25 were forced to cease operations as a result.
随着无人机的普及，越来越多客户喜欢在宣传片或者电影中加入航拍画面。	As unmanned vehicles become more prevalent, more customers have come to enjoy taking part in aerial pictures of promotional videos or films.
海明威曾将写作比作海上的冰山，在海面以下还有大量的蕴含。	Hemingway once liken writing to the tip of an iceberg. There is enormous implications to be found under the sea.
卷积神经网络，拥有强大的特征提取能力，使其在图像分类识别、目标跟踪等领域运用广泛。	Convolutional neural network has strong characteristic extraction ability. It is widely used in areas such as image classification recognition, and target tracking.
大名鼎鼎的“人类基因组计划”基于1代测序技术，耗时十余年测出一套完整的人类基因组密码，而利用现有的2代测序技术，这个时间可以缩短到半天内。	The famous “human genome project” is based on first generation sequencing technology. A complete human genome code took more than 10 years to sequence. With the existing second generaion sequencing technology, the time taken would shrink to less than half a day.
虽然有语言障碍，但借助字幕翻译，欧洲观众也可以看懂《汤显祖》。	Despite the language barrier, with the help of translated subtitles, European audiences would be able to understand “Tang Xianzu”.
随着供给侧结构性改革深入推进，2017年，我国服务业增加值占GDP比重为51.6%，对经济增长贡献率为58.8%，服务业稳居经济第一拉动力。	As supply-side structural reform is furthered, the share of value-added from the services sector in China accounted for 51.6% of GDP in 2017, and contributed 58.8% to GDP growth. The services sector remained the economy’s primary impetus.
此案两名主要嫌疑人，25岁的印度尼西亚女子和28岁的越南女子星期三受到谋杀指控。	The two main suspects of the case are a 25 year-old Indonesian woman and a 28 year-old Vietnamese woman; they were charged with murder on Wednesday.
澳门特别行政区行政长官崔世安12日表示，宪法是国家的根本大法，是“一国两制”的最高法律依据，也是澳门特区的立区基础。	Fernando Chui, Chief Executive of Macau SAR said on the 12th that the constitution is the fundamental law of the country. It is the highest legal basis for “one country two systems”. It is also the basis for the founding of Macau SAR.
据悉，黄岩中西部共有留守儿童3000余名，大多数在家与年迈的爷爷奶奶一起生活，因为父母需要外出务工挣钱，他们甚至一年只能见上父母一面。	It is understood that there are more than 3000 stay-at-home children in Central and Western Huangyan. Most live at home with their aging grandparents. As their parents need to earn a living away from home, they can only see their parents once a year.
同时，目前香港土地及人才短缺的困局，需要更多时间解决。	Meanwhile, resolving the current predicament of a lack of land and talent in Hong Kong will take time.
有关鸟类起源问题，国际学术界已争论了100多年，但以往这些争论都缺少化石证据。	International academic circles have disputed issues pertaining to the origin of birds for more than a century. However, such past disputes lack fossil evidence.
中国始终尊重柬埔寨的主权和独立，坚定支持柬埔寨走符合本国国情的发展道路。	China has always respected the sovereignty and independence of Cambodia, and firmly supports the path of development taken by Cambodia which is compatible to the national conditions of the country.
日本本周遭强烈地震侵袭造成汽车零组件短缺,丰田与日产等汽车制造商今天说,他们将减产甚至暂停国内汽车生产。	Japan was affected by a strong earthquake this week, which resulted in a shortage of automobile parts and components. Honda, Nissan and other auto manufacturers said today that their will cut production, and even suspend local auto production.
比如，亚马逊在美国在线零售市场的份额已达３４％，２０２０年更有望升至５０％，但在中国，亚马逊的市场份额还不到１％，远远落后于阿里巴巴和京东。	For instance, Amazon’s share of the online retail market in the US is already at 34%. By 2020, this will likely to rise to 50%. In China however, Amazon’s market share is less than 1%, a far cry from that of Alibaba and JD.com.
从山区走出的杨仕林最能体会中国乡村的需要，他深感自己作为中国青年的责任，“我一定要好好学，把学到的技术带回祖国”。	Yang Shilin, who left the mountainous region best understands the needs of rural China. He deeply recognizes his duty as a Chinese youth. “I must learn conscientiously and bring the technology I learned back home”.
相关数据显示，全球航天产业每年都在以6%到7%快速增长，2020年我国航天市场规模将达8000亿元。	Relevant data revealed that the global aerospace industry will grow by a rapid 6% to 7% each year. By 2020, China’s aerospace market will amount to RMB800 billion.
一条连接中国与俄罗斯的天然气管道也正在建设之中。	A natural gas pipeline connection China and Russia is being built at this time.
ＰＥＣＣ的一项研究报告预测，到２０２５年亚太自贸区将给全球经济带来２．４万亿美元的经济增长。	A PECC study forecasts that by 2025, the Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone will contribute US$2. 4 trillion of economic growth to the world economy.
新中国成立后，面临着国内一穷二白的困难和西方国家的封锁敌视，中国社会主义建设仍然取得了很大成绩。	After New China was founded, it faced poverty, and cultural and scientific vacuums, as well as blockade and hostility from Western nations. China's socialist construction still reaped enormous results.
外交部发言人华春莹29日表示，报道所称情况不符合事实。	On the 29th, Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying said that the situation stated in the report did not conform to the facts.
2004年，在NASA服役了42年后，这位时年74岁的航天界元老宣布退休。	In 2004, the 74-year-old veteran of the space industry announced his retirement after 42 years of service at NASA.
目前，贾跃亭为乐视网第一大股东，持股25.67%，这些股权基本已全部被质押。	At present, Jia Yueting is LeTV's largest shareholder, holding 25.67% of the shares, all of which have been basically pledged.
就目前而言，自动驾驶是人工智能在汽车领域的一大重要应用，世界汽车巨头都在进行自动驾驶技术的研发。	For now, automatic driving is an important application of artificial intelligence in the automotive field. The world’s auto giants are all engaged in research and development of automatic driving technology.
据说，上好的神户牛肉每磅可以卖到150美元（约合人民币962元）以上。	It is said that the superior Kobe beef can sell for more than US$150 (about 962 yuan) per pound.
伍海桑说，如果设备本身有安全漏洞，或保护机制不完善，黑客完全可以通过漏洞、后门等来远程操控个人的设备。	Wu Haisang said that if the device itself has security holes, or the protection mechanism is not perfect, hackers can control personal devices remotely through vulnerabilities, backdoors, and so on.
由于地球内核远在数千公里深的地下，了解它的运动变化特征十分困难	Since the earth’s inner core is thousands of kilometers deep, it is very difficult to explore the characteristics of its movement and change.
这项技术使用深度学习，让系统学习了1万人朝着各种方向行走的影像。	This technology uses deep learning to enable the system to learn images of 10,000 people walking in various directions.
根据彭博数据，目前盖茨身家为933亿美元，是全球第二多，在互联网泡沫爆破前，盖茨身家一度超过1000亿美元，相当于现值1480亿美元。	According to Bloomberg, Bill Gates is currently worth US$93.3 billion, ranking second in the world. And before the bursting of the Internet bubble, he was worth over US$100 billion, equivalent to a current value of US$148 billion.
恩格斯指出：没有哪一次巨大的历史灾难，不以历史的进步作为补偿的。	Friedrich Engels pointed out that none of great historical disasters is not compensated by historical progress.
据悉,在这次会议上,国际奥委会将与北京奥组委一道正式邀请国际奥委会205个成员奥委会参加2008年奥运会。	It is reported that at this meeting, the International Olympic Committee, together with the BOCOG, will formally invite the 205 members of the International Olympic Committee to participate in the 2008 Olympic Games.
普京１２月１１日访问叙利亚赫迈米姆空军基地，视察驻扎在此的俄军部队，与巴沙尔会晤并宣布俄军开始撤离。	On December 11, Vladimir Putin visited Syria’s Khmeimim Air Base to inspect the Russian troops stationed there, meet with Bashar Assad and announce that the Russian military will begin to withdraw.
美国总统川普与中国国家主席习近平在电话谈话中表示，美国承认中国对自治的台湾拥有主权的立场，尊重“一个中国”政策。	President Donald Trump said in a telephone conversation with Chinese President Xi Jinping that the United States recognizes China’s position of sovereignty over self-governing Taiwan and respects the “one China” policy.
海洋是全球5亿多人的粮食来源，并为3.5亿人提供就业机会。	The ocean is the source of food for more than 500 million people worldwide and provides employment opportunities for 350 million people.
中国在马其顿的投资始于2006年，在塞尔维亚则是从2008年开始，2009年，中国远洋运输公司买下了希腊比雷埃夫斯港。	China’s investment in Macedonia began in 2006, while in Serbia it began in 2008. And in 2009, China Ocean Shipping Company bought Piraeus Port in Greece.
受世界经济整体复苏、全球贸易增速加快等因素影响，新出口订单指数和进口指数均连续两个月提升，12月份为51.9%和51.2%，分别比上月上升1.1个和0.2个百分点。	Influenced by the factors such as the overall recovery of the world economy and the accelerated growth of the global trade, both of the new export and import order indexes rose for 2 consecutive months, with 51.9% and 51.2% in December, up 1.1% and 0.2% respectively.
2017年年底，在最新出炉的2017福布斯中国400富豪榜和胡润百富榜上，许家印成为“双料首富”。	At the end of 2017, Xu Jiayin became “the double richest person” on the newly released 2017 Forbes China's 400 rich list and Hurun China Rich List.
哈萨克斯坦境内近日发现了一处史前金字塔形遗址，或比埃及金字塔早1000年。	In the territory of Kazakhstan, a prehistoric pyramid-shaped site was discovered recently, which may be 1,000 years earlier than the Egyptian pyramids.
体检医生张继认为，在一定程度上，人工智能会比人脑更精准更智慧，能够确保把优质兵员输送到适合的岗位。	Zhang Ji, a medical examiner, believes that in a certain extent, AI will be more precise and wiser than the human brain, ensuring the delivery of high-quality soldiers to suitable positions.
患流感的人应该呆在家里，一个星期内不要去上班或上学。	People with flu should stay home, and not go to work or school for a week.
“聚集诱导发光”是我国科学家率先提出的原创性概念，开辟了发光材料的新领域。	“Aggregation-induced luminescence” is an original concept firstly proposed by Chinese scientists and opens up a new area of luminescent materials.
最顶层的富豪们每年偷税约2000亿美元，而这常常以普通员工的利益为代价。	The top-level richest people evade taxes of US$200 billion approximately every year, often at the expense of ordinary employees.
一方面，人工智能也有可能对犯罪行为作出错误判断，因此在推进技术改进的同时，还必须想方设法通过人眼的参与来提高精度。	On the one hand, AI may also make wrong judgments on criminal behavior. Therefore, while advancing technological improvements, it is necessary to try to improve the accuracy through the participation of the human eye.
尽管目前的疫苗对于传播的病毒并不完全有效，但它仍是防止感染的最佳途径。	Although the current vaccine is not completely effective against the transmitted virus, it is still the best way to prevent infection.
在谷歌应用商店里可以看到，ＵＣ浏览器的平均评分高达４．５分，评价人数１６００多万，５分好评人数多达１１００万。	In the Google App Store, we can see that the average score of UC browser is as high as 4.5 points, the number of appraisers is more than 16 million, and up to 11 million of appraisers give a mark of 5 points.
去年第三季度，中国手机品牌的累计利润首次在一个季度内超过了15亿美元，这是一个质的突破。	In the third quarter of last year, the accumulated profits of Chinese mobile phone brands exceeded US$1.5 billion for the first time within a quarter, which was a qualitative breakthrough.
美国转基因产品入市主要受三部门监管，即FDA、环保署（EPA）及农业部（USDA）。	Genetically modified food that enter the US market are primarily governed by three departments, namely the FDA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).
最新数据显示，近一年的时间内，一手租赁房房源等待时间非但没有缩短，反而延长了。	The latest data shows that in the past year, the waiting time for first-hand rental housing has not been shortened but has been extended.
安峰山表示，众所周知，联合国是由主权国家组成的国际组织，奉行一个中国政策。	An Fengshan said that as we all know, the United Nations is an international organization composed of sovereign nations and pursues the one-China policy.
这次任务是长征系列运载火箭的第２６０次飞行。	This mission was the 260th flight of the Long March rocket series.
这位光电学家在微纳米工程、纳米器材等领域成就卓著，是美国国家工程院院士、中国科学院外籍院士。	The optoelectronicist has made outstanding achievements in the fields of micro/nano engineering, nano equipment and so on. He is an academician of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and a foreign academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
微信改变了人们的沟通方式，视频通话、语音通话使大家打电话的次数变少，“详细情况微信上再聊”似乎成了日常用语。	WeChat has changed the way of people's communication. Video calls and voice calls reduced the number of telephone calls for everyone. “Talk about it in detail on WeChat” seems have become a daily language.
外交部发言人陆慷11日说，美国国会众议院近日通过有关涉台议案严重违反一个中国政策和中美三个联合公报原则，干涉中国内政，中方对此表示坚决反对。	On the 11th, Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Lu Kang said that the House of Representatives of the United States Congress has recently passed a relevant Taiwan-related motion, which has seriously violated the one-China policy and the principles of the three Sino-U.S. joint communiques, and interfered in China’s internal affairs. China is firmly opposed to it.
马其顿1991年宣布独立，并于1993年以“前南斯拉夫马其顿共和国”名义加入联合国。	Macedonia declared independence in 1991 and joined the United Nations in 1993 in the name of "The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia".
该成果标志着“墨子号”已具备实现洲际量子保密通信的能力。	This achievement represents that Micius has the ability to realize intercontinental quantum secure communication.
应对气候变化，没有一个国家可以置身事外。	In response to climate change, no country can stay out of the question.
２０１７年８月，零售巨头沃尔玛与互联网巨头谷歌宣布，将合作推出语音购物服务，联手对抗双方共同的敌人亚马逊。	In August 2017, retail giant Wal-Mart and internet giant Google announced that they would cooperate to launch voice shopping services and jointly fight against the common enemy Amazon.
数据显示，2017年全球平均地表温度比工业化前时代高出了约1.1摄氏度。	The data shows that the average global surface temperature in 2017 was about 1.1℃ higher than the pre-industrial age.
在范言慧看来，中期和短期内，人民币不太有大涨大跌的可能性，更可能在现有水平下保持稳定态势。	According to Fan Yanhui, in the medium and short term, the Renminbi is not likely to rise or fall too much, and is more likely to remain stable at the current level.
在回答有关台湾方面日前发布防务相关报告的问题时，安峰山作了上述回应。	In answer to the question about Taiwan’s recently released defense-related reports, An Fengshan made the above response.
不少人注意到，本世纪初至今，韩国人口出生率一直低于1.5%，老龄化问题日益严峻。	Many people have noticed that since the beginning of this century, the birth rate of South Korea has been below 1.5% and the problem of aging has become increasingly severe.
中国外交部发言人陆慷也在20日强调，美方军舰有关行为损害中国的主权和安全利益，对中方在有关海域开展正常公务活动的船只和人员安全造成严重威胁，违背国际关系基本准则，并表示中方对此表示强烈不满，将采取必要措施，坚定维护中国主权。	On the 20th, Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Lu Kang also stressed that the behavior of the US warships have damaged China’s sovereignty and security interests, posed a serious threat to the safety of Chinese vessels and personnel carrying out normal official activities in the relevant sea areas, and violated the basic norms of international relations. And he expressed that China was strongly dissatisfied with this and would take necessary measures to firmly safeguard China's sovereignty.
去年，阿米尔·汗主演的电影《摔跤吧！爸爸》在中国成为影市黑马，最终收获12.9亿元票房。	Last year, Amir Khan's movie Dangal become a black horse in China’s film market, and finally won 1.29 billion yuan at the box office.
整体而言，美国民众对各机构的平均信任度大幅下滑37个百分点，中国民众对各机构的平均信任度上升27个百分点，上升和下降幅度都是28个受调查国家(地区)中最高的。	On the whole, the average trust of the American people on various institutions fell sharply by 37%, while the average trust of the Chinese people on various institutions rose by 27%. Both ranges were the highest among the 28 countries surveyed (regions).
王丰源在首发式发言中说，来美国前想找本书看看别人的经验，但他翻遍新华书店没找到关于留学美国中学的书。	Wang Fengyuan spoke at the launch of his new book, saying that before coming to the United States, he wanted to find a book to get to know the experience of others, but he searched all over Xinhua Bookstore and did not find a book about studying in American middle school.
据了解，在所有的电子证照中，最核心、最关键的是电子身份证。	It is understood that in all electronic licenses, the most critical and crucial is the electronic ID card.
最终，这幅画以4.503亿美元的价格成交，约合29.86亿元人民币，创下艺术品拍卖的“最昂贵”纪录。	In the end, the painting was sold for US$450.3 million, which was equivalent to approximately RMB2.986 billion, setting a record for the "most expensive" auction for art.
据新京报报道，1月18日，国家统计局公布的数据显示，2017年全国出生人口为1723万人，比上年减少63万人。	According to the Beijing News, data released on January 18 by the National Bureau of Statistics showed that the number of births in the country was 17.23 million in 2017, a decrease of 630,000 over the previous year.
几个月后，印度政府首次购买了8架P-8I海上巡逻机，于2013年部署在印度洋海域，2016年，印度再次以当初的价格购买了4架P-8I。	A few months later, the Indian government purchased eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft for the first time and deployed them over the Indian Ocean in 2013. In 2016, India purchased four P-8Is at the original price once again.
袁承业长期从事萃取剂化学和有机磷化学研究，是中国萃取剂化学研究的奠基人之一。	Yuan Chengye has long been engaged in extractant chemistry and organophosphorus chemistry research, who is one of the founders of Chinese extractant chemistry research.
伯蒂奇现世界排名第19，他正在备战新赛季的首项赛事——卡塔尔公开赛，新赛季他也将目光瞄准了大满贯冠军。	Tomas Berdych is currently ranked 19th in the world. He is preparing for the Qatar Open, the first event of the new season. He also aims at the Grand Slam championship in the new season.
当天早些时候，英国队以7比5险胜南非队，这可能影响了他们在决赛中状态。	Earlier that day, the UK team defeated the South African team with a slight margin of 7 to 5. This may affect their status in the finals.
应当时的大赛赞助商邀请，杨仕林成为平昌冬奥会的火炬手。	At the invitation of the contest's sponsors, Yang Shilin became the torchbearer of the Pingchang Winter Olympics.
然而2016年年中，《福布斯》杂志将她的身家从 45 亿美元修改为 0。	However, in the middle of 2016, Forbes magazine changed her net worth from $4.5 billion to 0.
1937年七七事变后，日本发动全面侵华战争。	After the July 7th Incident in 1937, Japan launched a full-scale war of aggression against China.
中方始终全面、严格执行联合国安理会决议，绝不允许中国公民和企业从事违反安理会决议的活动。	China has always fully and strictly implemented the UN Security Council resolutions and will never allow Chinese citizens and businesses to engage in activities that violate the resolutions of the UN Security Council.
联合国秘书长古特雷斯１６日高度赞扬中国在全球应对气候变化行动中发挥的至关重要的作用，并鼓励中国在今后继续扮演重要角色。	On the 16th, UN Secretary-General António Guterres highly praised China for playing a crucial role in the global response to climate change and encouraged China to continue to play an important role in the future.
仅2017年5月份以来，马里境内累计发生武装冲突、恐怖袭击、游行示威等各类突发事件160余起。	Since May 2017 alone, there have been more than 160 incidents of armed conflict, terrorist attacks, demonstrations and other types of emergencies in Mali.
中国的科学技术崛起将给全球科技创新带来积极影响，欧盟应该进一步加强与中国在科学技术领域的合作	The rise of science and technology in China will have a positive impact on global technological innovation. The EU should further strengthen cooperation with China in the field of science and technology.
她表示，中方始终全面、严格执行安理会决议，履行自身承担的国际义务，绝不允许中国公民和企业从事违反安理会决议的活动。	She said that China has always fully and strictly enforced Security Council resolutions, fulfilled its own international obligations, and never allowed Chinese citizens and businesses to engage in activities that violated the UN Security Council resolutions.
不久前，中国国家能源局宣布，2020年前，将向可替代能源领域投资2.5万亿元人民币。	Not long ago, the National Energy Administration of China announced that by 2020, it will invest 2.5 trillion yuan in the field of alternative energy.
为了规避因违宪而招致批判，日方极力掩饰和狡辩，把攻击型航母划归“防御型”武器。	In order to evade the criticism caused by unconstitutionality, Japan tried to cover up and sophistry to put the attack aircraft carrier under “defensive” weapons.
浙江吉利控股集团27日宣布与欧洲基金公司Cevian Capital达成一致，将收购其持有的沃尔沃集团（AB Volvo）8847万股的A股股票和7877万股的B股股票。	On the 27th, Zhejiang Geely Holding Group announced that it has reached an agreement with European fund company Cevian Capital to acquire 82.47 million A shares and 78.77 million B shares of AB Volvo from Cevian Capital.
项目交割后，吉利控股将拥有沃尔沃集团8.2%股权，成为其第一大持股股东，并拥有15.6%的投票权。	After the transaction is completed, Geely Holding will own 8.2% of the Volvo Group, becoming its largest shareholder and holding 15.6% of the voting rights.
国家发展改革委产业协调司负责人今天在此间指出，钢铁产能过剩是全球性问题。	The head of the Department of Industry Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that overcapacity in the steel industry was a global issue.
有舆论分析认为，特朗普去年初上任后，英美两国领导人互动远远落后于以往，在国际重大事务中的合作减少，分歧越来越多，英美“特殊关系”正面临巨大考验。	According to public opinion analysis, after Donald Trump took office at the beginning of last year, the interaction between the leaders of the United Kingdom and the United States lagged far behind the past and the cooperation in major international affairs has decreased. There are more and more disagreements, and the "special relationship" between Britain and the United States is facing a great challenge.
大气环境质量要得到根本改善，仍然是一个长期、复杂、艰巨的过程。	It is still a long-term, complicated and formidable process to fundamentally improve the quality of the atmospheric environment.
2017年1月4日，摩拜完成D轮融资，金额达到2亿美元，投资方包括腾讯、华平投资、携程等	On January 4th, 2017, Mobike completed D-round financing amounting to US$200 million. Investors include Tencent, Warburg Pincus, Ctrip, etc.
21日，“冰花男孩”王福满的姐姐王福美在北京接受记者采访时说，自己未来的理想是想当医生，因为自己的奶奶经常生病。	On the 21st, Wang Fumei, the older sister of the “ice flower boy” Wang Fuman, told reporters in Beijing that her ideal was to become a doctor in the future because her grandmother was often ill.
2018年是中国实施改革开放的第四十个年头。	The year 2018 is the 40th year for China to implement reform and opening up.
摩洛哥足球协会去年8月向国际足联递交了承办2026年世界杯的正式申请。	The Moroccan Football Association submitted a formal application to FIFA last August to host the 2026 World Cup.
以色列已开始通过破解和分析人类基因，来诊断人类患癌症和其他疾病的真正原因。	Israel has begun to diagnose the real causes of cancer and other diseases in human beings by cracking and analyzing the human genes.
据中国之声《央广新闻》报道，我国干细胞干预卵巢早衰临床研究近日获得新突破。	According to the Voice of China "CNR News”, a new breakthrough has been achieved in the clinical study of stem cell intervention for premature ovarian failure in China.
中国的这两部作品击败了来自32个国家的600部图书，成功入围了在德国莱比锡评选出的14部获奖图书之列。	These 2 Chinese books defeated the other 600 ones from 32 countries and successfully entered the list of 14 award-winning books selected in Leipzig, Germany.
今年我国将再次发射十余颗北斗卫星，建立由18颗卫星组成的基本系统，为“一带一路”沿线国家及周边国家提供服务。	This year, China will again launch more than 10 Beidou satellites and establish a basic system consisting of 18 satellites, to provide services for the countries along and around "the Belt and Road”.
下一步，团队将紧跟技术发展的潮流研究基于神经芯片的高质量深度相机，使其能应用于智能汽车以及无人驾驶领域，并积极推动神经芯片在“互联网+”相关领域的广泛应用。	In the next step, the team will follow the trend of technological development to research the high-quality depth cameras based on neurochips, apply them to smart cars and pilotless areas, and actively promote the widespread use of neurochips in the “Internet+” related fields.
王某交代，一次偶然的机会，他接触到了大麻并开始吸食。	Wang confessed that, by chance, he came into contact with marijuana and began to smoke.
后来校方向当时的社会名流征求意见，得到广泛赞同后决定建立古塔式水塔。	Afterwards, the school decided to establish a pagoda-type water tower after extensive consultations with the community's celebrities at that time.
2017年3月，普洱咖啡以111.36亿元的品牌价值成为中国农业区域品牌价值10强。	In March 2017, Pu'er coffee, with a brand value of RMB 11.136 billion, entered the top 10 most valuable brands of China's agricultural field.
他说，不能说这种投资没有风险，但从目前各方的反应来看，都很积极。	He said it could not be determined that there was no risk in such investment, but it was very positive judging from the current response of all parties.
据日本媒体报道，福岛第一核电站的清理工作预计至少到２０５１年才能完成，但能否如期实现还是未知数。	According to Japanese media, the clean-up of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant is expected to be completed at least until 2051, but it is still uncertain whether it can be realized as scheduled.
她说，习主席给莫斯科大学中国留学生的回信寄托了习主席对广大留学生、对青年一代的关怀和厚望。	She said that President Xi Jinping’s letter in reply to the Chinese students of the Moscow University has expressed his care and hope for the oversea students and the young generation.
报道称，IOC并未解释余下111名俄罗斯运动员为何未获确认资格，也没有公开名单上的运动员名字，仅称他们并非在索契冬奥被褫夺资格的46人。	It is reported that the IOC did not explain why the remaining 111 Russian athletes were not qualified and did not disclose the names of the athletes on the list. The IOC only stated that they were not the 46 athletes who were deprived of qualification in Sochi Winter Olympics.
2017年1月至10月，中英双边贸易额达651亿美元，英国对华出口同比增长11.3%，中国继续成为英国增长最快的出口市场之一。	From January to October in 2017, Sino-British bilateral trade volume amounted to US$ 65.1 billion, of which Britain's export trade to China increased by 11.3% year-on-year. China has continued to be one of the fastest growing export markets for the UK.
而这项革命的领跑者是高科技巨头阿里巴巴集团的支付宝和腾讯公司的微信支付。	The leaders of this revolution are the high tech giant Alibaba group’s Alipay and Tencent’s WeChat payment.
有关专家表示，从制造业和非制造业PMI走势看，当前我国经济稳中向好的发展态势更趋明显。	According to experts, from the trends of PMI in manufacturing and non-manufacturing industries, the situation of steady economic growth in China is even more pronounced.
汪兴莲今年73岁，汪淑玉71岁，都是虎头村本地人，都在上世纪70年代开始行医。	Both of Wang Xinglian, 73, and Wang Shuyu, 71, are natives of Hutou Village and began practicing medicine in the 1970s.
台湾方面只有放弃“台独”立场和敌对思维才能真正维护台海和平稳定。	Only when Taiwan abandons the "Taiwan independence" position and the hostile thinking, the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait can be truly maintained.
过去10年来中国变得越来越创新，并表现出保护知识产权的决心。	Over the past 10 years, China has become more and more innovative and has demonstrated its determination to protect intellectual property rights.
中拉同为发展中国家，处于相近的发展阶段，面临相同的发展任务，互为对方的发展机遇。	As developing countries, China and Latin America are at a similar stage of development, face the same development tasks and are each other's development opportunities.
“我们2013年向FDA正式提交申请，到最终获得商业化许可，经历了5年的时间。”林拥军说。	“We formally submitted an application to the FDA in 2013 and finally obtained a commercial license, which has gone through five years”, Lin Yongjun said.
一周前，姚明出任中国篮协主席后的第一个CBA全明星在深圳落幕。	A week ago, the first CBA All-Star Game after Yao Ming became chairman of the China Basketball Association ended in Shenzhen.
在习近平主席和巴切莱特总统的亲自关心和大力推动下，两国全面战略伙伴关系取得长足发展。	Under the personal care and vigorous encouragement of President Xi Jinping and President Michelle Bachelet, the comprehensive strategic partnership between the two countries has made considerable progress.
据世界交易所联合会的数据，上交所股票总市值、二级市场交易额及IPO融资在全球交易所中排第四位、第五位和第二位。	According to the data of the World Federation of Exchanges, the total market value, the secondary market transaction volume, and IPO financing amount of the Shanghai Stock Exchange rank fourth, fifth, and second respectively in the world's exchanges.
2016年5月，华为指控三星侵权，在加州北区法院和深圳中级人民法院对三星提起诉讼	In May 2016, Huawei accused Samsung of infringement and filed a lawsuit against Samsung in the Northern District Court of California and Shenzhen Intermediate People's Court.
显然，在分化的世界中，找到共同点不容易，形成共识更困难。	It is obvious that in the differentiated world, finding common ground is not easy and forming a consensus is more difficult.
最终，肯尼亚选手蒙加拉以2小时13分38秒的成绩获得男子组冠军，埃塞俄比亚选手沙拉以2小时29分36秒的成绩获得女子组冠军。	In the end, Kenya's athlete Kenneth Mungara won the championship of men's group in 2:13:38, and Ethiopian runner Gulume Tollesa won the championship of women's group in 2:29:36.
2016年在7.31亿中国网民当中有95%都能通过智能手机上网，其中超过4.7亿能够通过移动设备在线支付。	In 2016, 95% of the 731 million Chinese netizens were able to access the Internet via smart phones, more than 470 million of which could pay online through mobile devices.
澳大利亚帆船锦标赛是目前澳大利亚规格最高、最具影响力的国家级帆船赛事之一，每年举办一次。	The Australian Sailing Championship is currently one of the highest-standard and most influential national sailing events in Australia and is held once a year.
国台办发言人安峰山２７日在例行新闻发布会上应询表示，两岸关系和平发展是台海和平稳定的根本保障，搞“台独”分裂对台海和平稳定是最大的威胁。	In response to a question at the routine press conference on the 27th, Taiwan Affairs Office spokesperson An Fengshan said that peaceful development in cross-Strait relations is the fundamental guarantee of peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait. Engaging in “Taiwan Independence” activities is the biggest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait.
目前，香港是内地对外直接投资的首要地点，香港也是内地第二大贸易伙伴。	Currently, Hong Kong is the primary location for Mainland China's outward direct investment. Hong Kong is also Mainland China’s second largest trading partner.
针对如何预防毕业焦虑，石瑶认为，大学期间做好职业生涯规划十分必要。	On how to prevent graduation anxiety, Shi Yao believed that it was absolutely necessary to prepare a proper job career plan while in university.
1月5日，人民币兑美元中间价报6.4915，再次突破6.5。	On January 5, the central parity rate of the RMB was 6.4915 to the USD, breaking through the 6.5 threshold again.
与发达国家相比，中国大部分制造业企业仍然在实施以产品为主导的战略，这不仅不能很好地满足客户需求，也影响和制约了中国制造业参与国内外竞争。	Compared to developed countries, most of China’s manufacturing enterprises are still implementing product-led strategies. This not only fail to adequately meet customer demand, it also affects and restricts China’s manufacturing sector from participating in domestic and foreign competition.
在这里，我向全国各族人民，向香港特别行政区同胞、澳门特别行政区同胞、台湾同胞和海外侨胞致以新年的祝福！	I would like to take this opportunity to offer New Year blessings to all citizens of the country, as well as to our fellow country people in the Hong Kong SAR, the Macau SAR and in Taiwan as well as Chinese nationals residing overseas!
据教育部表示，这些学生90%以上都就读于英语国家，例如美国、英国和澳大利亚等，70%的人至少是在攻读学士学位。	The Ministry of Education said that 90% of these students study in English language countries, such as the US, UK and Australia; 70% are pursuing at least a bachelor’s degree.
如今，在政府、社会各界的共同努力下，保护古村基本形成了共识。	Today, thanks to the the hard work of the government and all sectors of the community, the protection of ancient villages has become a consensus in general.
中国学者章莹颖在美遇害案近日有了新的进展。	There has been further development in the criminal case of Chinese scholar Zhang Yingying who was murdered in the US.
据了解，中欧旅游年的一大重点是向中国游客推介非知名的欧洲旅游景点。	It is understood that a major highlight of the China-EU Tourism Year is to recommend unknown European tourist attractions to Chinese tourists.
十九大报告指出，保障和改善民生要抓住人民最关心最直接最现实的利益问题。	The 19th CPC National Congress pointed out that protecting and improving people’s livelihood must entail grasping the most direct and most practical issues of interests that citizens are most concerned with.
中国在地区合作中发挥的作用一贯是积极正面的，受到地区国家高度认可。	China has always played an active and positive role in regional cooperation, which is well recognized by regional countries.
按照国际通行的老龄化标准，60岁以上的人口占总人口比例达到10%或65岁以上人口占总人口比例达到7%的国家或地区，即进入老龄化社会。	According to internationally accepted standards on aging, a country or region where the share of the population aged 60 and above accounts for 10% or those aged 65 and above account for 7%, is an aging society.
但这种教育方式也有其弊端，包括把残疾孩子放在相对隔离的环境中成长，不利于他们融入社会，更会影响他们健全人格的形成。	There are also negatives related to this education method, including placing physically disabled children in a comparatively isolated environment while growing up. This would impair their ability to integrate into society. More importantly, it would affect the formation of a healthy personality for these children.
国防动员是将战争潜力转化输送为战争实力的重要链条。	National defense mobilization is an important link in converting and transferring combat potential into combat competence.
习近平16日同特朗普通电话时应询介绍了对当前朝鲜半岛局势的看法，指出朝鲜半岛形势出现一些积极变化。	Xi Jinping, in a telephone conversation with Trump on the 16th, briefed the latter on his view of the current situation in the Korean peninsular, and pointed out some of the positive changes that have taken place in the peninsular.
两岸关系有冲突的潜在风险，极大地影响企业投资台湾的信心，投资不足就带来经济增长相对乏力，从而造成就业机会少、薪资低等一系列民生问题。	Potential risk of conflict in cross-Strait relations would significantly affect the confidence of enterprises looking to invest in Taiwan. Inadequate investment would result in weaker economic growth, which would in turn lead to less employment opportunities, low wages and a series of other issues related to people’s livelihood.
连日来，县有关部门还为690余名贫困大学生落实283.8万元就学资助。	For days, relevant departments in the counties have provided 2.838 million RMB of bursaries for over 690 college students from poor families.
一艘渔船20日晚在香港附近海域与一艘货船相撞后沉没，经过近一天搜救，仍有7名船员失踪。	A fishing vessel sank in the waters near Hong Kong on the night of the 20th after colliding with a cargo vessel. After nearly a day of search and rescue, seven crew members are still missing.
英国首相特雷莎·梅11日向公众承诺，英国政府将实施25年计划，在2042年前消除所有可避免的塑料垃圾污染。	UK Prime Minister Theresa May made a pledge to the public on the 11th that the UK government will implement a 25-year plan, and will eradicate avoidable plastic waste pollution by 2042.
现如今的巴西，凭借丰富的盐下石油储量引起了国际石油界的关注。	Brazil has now attracted the attention of the international oil industry on the back of rich pre-salt oil deposits.
出生在内地的张翔即将上任香港大学校长， 任命消息甫一传出，便引起不少热议。	Zhang Xiang, who was born in Mainland China, will soon be appointed President of the University of Hong Kong. News of the appointment drew heated debate as soon as it was released.
分析人士指出，在逆全球化和贸易保护主义思潮有所抬头的背景下，构建一个全面的、高质量的亚太自贸区将为实现亚太区域经济一体化注入新动力。	Analysts said that aginst the backdrop of rising anti-globalization and protectionism, constructing a comprehensive and high-quality Asia-Pacific Free Trade Zone will inject new impetus into achieving a unified Asia-Pacific regional economy.
微软将把各种中文支持研究模型转变为产品化的核心技术，并开发一种意图导向的Ｓｗｉｆｔｋｅｙ中文智能输入。	Microsoft will convert all Chinese language supported research models into product-oriented core technology, and develop a predictive Swiftkey Chinese smart keyboard.
古代月氏西迁中亚是丝绸之路历史上的重大事件，长期以来，对于月氏西迁之前的原居地，中外学术界长期存在几种不同观点。	The western migration of the ancient Yuezhi (or Rouzhi) people to Central Asia is a major event in the history of the Silk Route. For a long time, Chinese and foreign academics have long held various different views about the hometown of the Yuezhi people before the western migration.
将CRISPR基因编辑技术用于治疗癌症，被认为是一种革命性的癌症疗法。	Using CRISPR genome editing technology to treat cancer has been recognized as a revolutionary cancer treatment.
德国研究人员利用小鼠实验发现，免疫系统除可起到防御作用外，还可能助力癌症形成。	German researchers, experimenting on mice, have found that the immune system, in addition to playing a defensive role, could also assist in the formation of cancer.
支付宝和微信支付的基础都是二维码，这种黑白相间的小方格子能够存储的信息量是一位码的300倍以上。	The foundation of both Alipay and WeChat Pay is the QR Code. The amount of information these tiny black-and-white squares can store is more than 300 times that of a one-digit code.
1999年面世的文迪雅是一种胰岛素增敏剂,适用于治疗Ⅱ型糖尿病。	Avandia, which debuted in 1999, is an “insulin sensitizer”, used for treating Type 2 diabetes.
他透露，2017年以前，大部分学员学习无人机一方面为了就业，一方面为了兴趣。	He revealed that prior to 2017, most students studied unmanned aerial vehicles for employment prospects as well as out of interest.
计算机安全专家表示，预计会有更多的车被偷，因为与互联网联网的汽车数目在不断增加。	Computer security experts forecast that more cars will be stolen because the number of online networking vehicles is increasing.
科技行业永远不应该忘记：是我们的人性和谦卑让技术对人类生活产生积极影响成为可能。	The technology sector should never forget that it is our humanity and humility that have made technology a possibility in having a positive impact on human life.
2017年1月17日，英国首相特雷莎·梅就英国“脱欧”问题发表演讲时强调，英国与欧盟之间的贸易固然重要，但是英国也更看重与其他世界上快速增长的市场之间的贸易关系。	On January 17, 2017, UK Prime Minister Theresa May, in a speech on “Brexit”, highlighted that while trade between the UK and the EU was important, the UK was also interested in trade relations with other markets that are growing rapidly in the world.
日前，有媒体对2008名受访者进行的一项调查显示，超半数的受访者曾有被医疗养生不实信息忽悠的经历。	Recently, a survey of 2008 people conducted by a media entity revealed that more than half of those surveyed have had the experience of being fooled by false information on health care and well being.
亚太经合组织（ＡＰＥＣ）第二十五次领导人非正式会议将于１０日至１１日在越南中部城市岘港举行，亚太自贸区（ＦＴＡＡＰ）进程是此次会议讨论的热点之一。	The 25th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Economic Leaders' Meeting was held in the central Vietnam city of Da Nang from the 10th to 11th. The progress of the Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific (FTAAP) will be one of the highlights of this meeting.
中方在有关南海岛礁上开展和平建设活动、部署必要的防卫设施，是中国主权范围内的事。	China carrying out peaceful construction activities and laying out the necessary defense facilities on relevant islands and reefs in the South China Sea are matters within the scope of China’s sovereignty.
该项目赋予了所有教育者一种新的思维——不是去教授，而是去为学生创造一种新型的学习环境，使得学生为未来生活做好准备。	This project gave all educators a new way of thinking - not to teach, but to create a new learning environment for students to allow them to be prepared for life in the future.
秦刚向巴方宣介中共十九大精神，积极评价中巴关系近年全面快速发展所取得的成绩，并表示，当前国际形势下，中巴作为发展中大国和全面战略伙伴进一步加强合作具有十分重要的意义。	Qin Gang elaborated on the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, and positively appraised the results of China-Brazil relations, which have developed comprehensively and rapidly in recent years. He also said that given the current international situation, the further strengthening of cooperation between China and Brazil, both of which are major developing countries and all-round strategic partners, has great significance.
日本东京电力公司１９日晚公布了对福岛第一核电站２号机组内部的最新调查结果，首次发现了该机组反应堆堆芯熔化后的核残渣。	Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, Inc, on the night of the 19th, announced the latest investigation results of Unit Reactor 2 of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station. Nuclear residue from the unit’s reactor after the core melted was found for the first time.
美联社在盘点美国公司２０１７“大赢家”时，第一个列出的就是亚马逊。	When Associated Press took stock of the 2017 “big winners” in corporate America, Amazon was first on the list.
15日至19日，来自安哥拉、肯尼亚、南非等11个国家的16名智库代表应邀对中国进行考察访问。	Between the 15th and the 19th, 16 invited think tank delegates from 11 countries including Angola, Kenya and South Africa visited China to observe and study the country.
作为经济信息发布机构，汤森路透基金会说，中国2016年进口730万吨废塑料，占当年全世界废塑料进口额的56%。	As an economic information publisher, Thomson Reuters Foundation siad that China imported 7.3 million tonnes of plastic waste in China, accounting for 56% of the world’s total plastic waste import.
章莹颖家人的代理律师王志东表示，家人对司法部长的决定表示欣慰，感谢他和当地检察官考虑并尊重家人的请求，做出了与家人意愿相符的决定。	Wang Zhidong, the lawyer representing the family of Zhang Yingying said that the family expressed relief at the decision made by the Attorney General. They thanked him and the local prosecutor for considering and respecting the wishes of the family, and made decisions that were compatible to the wishes of the family.
２０１７年，电商巨头亚马逊公司在全球动作频频，不仅成功推出人工智能终端，还涉足线下，掀开了新型零售的篇章。	In 2017, e-commerce giant Amazon.com made frequent moves in the world. It not only successfully launched AI terminals but was also involved in the offline sector, opening a new chapter in new retail.
尽管中国是仅次于美国的世界第二大医药市场，但一些最有效的现代药品却没有上市销售。	Although China is the world’s second largest pharmaceutical market after the US, some of the most effective modern medicines are not listed for sale in the market.
据吉林省林业厅介绍，1998年中美俄等国联合监测的数据显示，吉林省仅有野生东北虎4到6只、东北豹3到5只。	According to the Forestry Department of Jilin, the 1998 data from a joint monitoring exercise by China, the US and Russia showed that there were only four to six Siberian tigers, and three to five Amur leopards living in the wild in Jilin Province.
廋肉、奶制品和巧克力是否有助于缓解炎症性肠病 (IBD) ？	Red meat, dairy, and chocolate could help relieve IBD
廋肉和巧克力可能听起来像是你消化系统的梦魇。	Red meat and chocolate may sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.
但是一项新的研究结果显示恰恰相反：富含肉类蛋白和乳制品的饮食可以帮助缓解炎症性肠病患者的相关症状。	But a new study claims quite the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based protein and dairy treats could help relieve symptoms of sufferers of inflammatory bowel disease.
该种不治之症为约 130 万名美国人和约30万英国人带来生活影响，导致胃痉挛和腹胀、经常性或出血性腹泻、体重减轻和极度疲倦等。	The incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and bloating, recurring or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
华盛顿大学的研究人员通常会建议患者避免进食肉类和奶制品以缓解症状，但研究人员发现蛋白质的关键氨基酸-色氨酸有助于促进免疫细胞生长，而这些细胞可增进肠道的耐受力。	While sufferers are usually advised to dodge meat and dairy to soothe their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found protein's essential amino acid tryptophan helps develop immune cells that foster a tolerant gut.
首席研究员马尔科?科隆纳 (Marco Colonna) 博士解释说，免疫细胞会在肠道中进行巡逻，确保隐藏在食物中的有害微生物不会悄悄进入体内。	Lead investigator Dr Marco Colonna explained immune cells patrol the gut to ensure that harmful microbes hidden in the food don't sneak into the body.
引发炎症的细胞与增进耐受性的细胞之间保持均衡，保护身体而不损伤各类敏感脆弱的组织。	Cells that are capable of triggering inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance, protecting the body without damaging sensitive tissues.
当均衡状态过于偏向炎症时，就可能会发生炎症性肠病。	When the balance tilts too far toward inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease can result.
在实验中发现一种促进免疫力的细胞出现在携带特殊细菌的小白鼠中。	In experiments it was found a kind of tolerance-promoting immune cell appears in mice that carry a specific bacterium in their guts.
细菌需要色氨酸（蛋白质的构成部分之一）来形成细胞的外观。	And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the cells' appearance.
科隆纳教授说：“我们在一种细菌种群 (罗伊氏乳杆菌，这是肠道微生物群的正常部分) 和可促进耐受力的细胞种群发展之间建立了联系。	Professor Colonna said: 'We established a link between one bacterial species - Lactobacillus reuteri - that is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
小白鼠在饮食中摄入的色氨酸越多，它们的免疫细胞就越多。	The more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had.'
他建议，如果人类使用相同的方法，即路氏乳酸杆菌和富含色氨酸的饮食相结合可能会形成一个更具耐受力，更少发炎性的肠道环境。	He suggested if the same works in humans, a combination of L. reuteri and a tryptophan-rich diet may foster a more tolerant, less inflammatory gut environment.
博士后研究员路易莎?塞万提斯?巴拉甘 (Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas) 研究了一种可增进耐受力的免疫细胞，当她发现一组研究小鼠有这样的细胞，但是另一组同样的菌株分开饲养时没有。	Postdoctoral researcher Dr Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas studying a kind of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she discovered that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain but housed separately did not.
她怀疑这种差异与小白鼠的肠道微生物 (指通常生活在胃肠道内的细菌，病毒和真菌) 群落有关。	She suspected the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live within the gastrointestinal tract.
对小白鼠的胆固醇进行 DNA 测序，发现有 6 种细菌种群存在于具有免疫细胞的小鼠体内，但没有免疫细胞的小白鼠体内则没有。	The guts of the mice were DNA sequenced and it was found six bacterial species present in the mice with the immune cells but absent from the mice without them.
小白鼠在无菌环境中饲养，因此它们缺乏肠道微生物，并且不能出现这种免疫细胞，存在路氏乳杆菌则产生免疫细胞。	Mice reared in a sterile environment so they lacked a gut microbiome and do not develop this kind of immune cell were given L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.
为了理解细菌如何影响免疫系统，研究人员在液体中培养路氏乳杆菌，然后将无细菌的少量液体转移到从小白鼠分离出的未成熟免疫细胞中。	To understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without bacteria - to immature immune cells isolated from mice.
该免疫细胞发育成为具有耐受力的细胞。	The immune cells developed into the tolerance-promoting cells.
当从液体中纯化出活性成分时，可以证明该活性成分是色氨酸代谢的副产物，称为吲哚-3-乳酸。	When the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a byproduct of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
当研究人员将小白鼠饲料中的色氨酸数量翻倍后，这类细胞的数量增加了大约 50％，但当色氨酸水平减半时，细胞数量减少了一半。	When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's feed, the number of such cells rose by about 50 percent but when tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells dropped by half.
塞万提斯?巴拉甘 (Cervantes-Barragan) 博士解释说，人们和老鼠一样，具有相同的增进耐受力的细胞，我们大多数人在我们的胃肠道中存在着路氏乳杆菌。	Dr Cervantes-Barragan explained people have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and most of us shelter L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
人类是否可以像实验中的小白鼠一样将体内来自路氏乳杆菌的色氨酸副产物诱导细胞发育，目前尚未可知，但在炎症性肠病患者中发现与色氨酸有关的基因缺陷。	It is not known whether tryptophan byproducts from L. reuteri induce the cells to develop in people as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in people with inflammatory bowel disease.
她说：“这些细胞的发育可能正是我们想要得到的结果，因为这些细胞可以控制肠道内表面的炎症反应。	She said: 'The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage since these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestines.
可以不确切地说，在路氏乳杆菌中存在的高水平色氨酸可能会导致该菌种数量的增加。	Potentially, high levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri may induce expansion of this population.'
何塞·穆里尼奥认为曼联签下了“天才”内马尼亚·马蒂奇	Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United have signed a 'genius' in Nemanja Matic
周三晚，内马尼亚·马蒂奇在桑普多利亚对抗赛首次亮相后，穆里尼奥认定曼联签下了一位“天才”中场球员。	Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho, after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday evening.
马蒂奇来自切尔西，签约金高达 4000 万英镑，周二在都柏林对阵皇家马德里的欧洲超级杯之前的联赛最后一场季前赛中开打 2-1，赢得了保罗·博格巴和安德烈亚斯·佩雷拉的青睐。	The £40m signing from Chelsea started the 2-1 win in Dublin, United's final preseason game before the Uefa Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed in the holding role as the likes of Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira marauded forward at will.
然而，在布鲁斯季前赛亚洲巡回赛中，马蒂奇比赛状态严重不足，只完成了 45 分钟的时间，穆里尼奥承认在英超赛季开始前需要改进。	However, having been left out of the Blues' preseason tour of Asia, Matic was severely lacking match fitness and only managed 45 minutes, something Mourinho admitted needed to be improved before the start of the Premier League season.
“他需要时间，但他有经验、智慧以及天才的思考方式——他思考足球，”穆里尼奥说。	"He needs time but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," Mourinho said.
“我们会尽快帮助他做好准备。”	"We will help him to be ready sooner rather than later."
穆里尼奥在本赛季开始时开始安排他的首发阵容。与马蒂奇一样，新签约球员维克多·林德洛夫和罗梅卢·卢卡库也开始了在英杰华体育场的比赛。	As well as Matic, fellow new signings Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started the game at the Aviva Stadium as Mourinho started to shape his starting XI for the start of the season.
独立报本周报道，穆里尼奥仍然希望再引进三位签约球员，但他坚持认为俱乐部“工作出色”，他心中有四位首选签约球员，俱乐部已经引进了其中三位。	The Independent revealed this week that Mourinho still wanted another three signings but he insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of delivering three of his four priority signings.
“俱乐部引进了其中三位签约球员，我十分感谢。”他补充说道。	"To get three out of four I thank the club for that," he added.
“如果俱乐部能够引进全部四位球员，我会更开心，但他们已经为我做出了很大的努力。”	"I will be happier if they get me four of four but they did a great effort for me."
全球在掀护卫舰高潮 中国如果不建这型军舰是否会落后？	The global spree of frigates building If China does not build this type of warships, will it fall behind?
随着近期世界各大海军强国先后公布了新型护卫舰的建造计划，仿佛一夜之间护卫舰有成了各大强国海军关注的焦点，先是日本在2018年度防卫预算中确定采购两艘新型护卫舰，使得日本DEX护卫舰计划终于有了实质性的突破，后是美国洛克希德马丁于近期公布了美国FFG护卫舰计划的最新方案，那么中国的新型护卫舰该何去何从呢？	With the recent announcement of the construction of new types of frigates by major naval powers in the world, it seems that frigates have become the focus of attention of the major naval powers overnight. First, Japan has decided to purchase two new frigates in the 2018 annual defense budget, finally making a substantial breakthrough for its DEX frigates program. Later, Lockheed Martin of USA recently published the latest arrangement for the United States FFG frigates program. How about China's plan for building new type of frigates?
随着2017年末一艘最新的054A型护卫舰的下水，标志着054A护卫舰已经建造了高达29艘之多，已经逼近了053H系列护卫舰的总和，而从2006年第一艘054A下水至今，054A的建造历程已经有了12年之久，即使在全世界范围内，建造如此数量之多的高性能通用护卫舰，除了中国，也只有美国在上个世纪7、80年代建造的“佩里”级护卫舰可以相提并论了。	With the launching of the latest model of 054A frigate at the end of 2017, the number of 054A frigate has reached 29, approaching the sum of the 053H series frigates. Since the first 054A was launched in 2006, the history of building 054A has extended to 12 years. Building such a large number of high-performance general purpose frigates is very rare in the history. Apart from China, the only comparable accomplishment was made by the United States in the 1970s and 1980s when it built a host of 'Perry' class frigates.
而为何要建造这么多054A的原因也很简单，那就是实惠、好用、外加补充多年来的海军欠账。	And the reason why it is necessary to build so many 054A frigates is simple, that is, it is affordable, easy to operate, and doing so can make up for the deficiency of Chinese Navel that has beset the Naval for many years.
054A护卫舰凭借较高的性价比和不错的战斗力多年以来一直得到中国海军的青睐，其4000吨左右的排水量，搭载有一门76毫米主炮，32单元海红旗-16和鱼-8反潜导弹共架发射的垂发系统，8枚鹰击83和一架直-9直升机，虽然是2006年开始建造，设计时间更是很早的一种舰艇，但是其战斗力即使放到当今也不算太差，放眼全世界的护卫舰当中也能达到中上的水平。	The 054A frigate has been favored by the Chinese Navy for many years thanks to its high cost performance and good combat effectiveness. With a displacement of 4,000 tons, the warship is equipped with a 76-mm main gun, and shared launching system for 32 HQ-16 and Fish-8 anti-submarine missiles, 8 YJ-83 anti-ship missiles and 1 Z-9 helicopter. Although it was first built in 2006 and was designed even earlier, its combat effectiveness is not too bad even by today's standard. It can be ranked as medium- to high level frigate among all the frigates in the world.
但是这毕竟是一型21世纪初设计的舰艇，武器配置放在一边，其动力系统和电子雷达设备与目前世界主流护卫舰相比已经存在很大差距，像欧洲的同类型护卫舰已经配备全电力推进、小型多功能相控阵雷达、大尺寸直升机甲板的情况下，也到了发展新型号的时候了。	However, it is a warship designed at the beginning of the 21st century after all. Armaments aside, its propulsion system and electronic radar system lag significantly behind the current mainstream frigates in the world. Considering that similar frigates in Europe have been equipped with full electric propulsion, small multi-function phased array radars and large helicopter decks, it is time to develop new models.
那么说中国的新型护卫舰应该如何发展，这与其将来的定位和我们中国海军的战略方针有着直接关系。	Then how should China develop its new frigates? This has a direct bearing on its future orientation and the strategic direction of Chinese navy.
中国海军未来的发展必将是彻底成为蓝水海军的，而未来也必将是走向大洋，具备在于中国切身利益息息相关的地区进行快速部署，展示武力存在，必要时能够拥有强大的战斗力来保证中国在该地区的切身利益不被损坏，那么如此看来新型胡伟江必将朝着大型化、远洋化发展。	The future development of the Chinese Navy will inevitably aim at becoming the blue water navy, roaming in the vastness of the oceans. It should be able to deploy rapidly in areas that are closely related to China’s vital interests and demonstrate the presence of force. If necessary, it will use powerful combat capabilities to ensure that China’s vital interests in the region are not compromised. So, it seems that the new models of frigates will surely be huge ships that can roam the blue water.
再看看新型护卫舰在未来中国海军序列里的定位问题，未来的中国海军应该会和美国海军类似，除去必备的近海防御舰艇以外，其他主力舰艇将会根据情况需要组成航母战斗群或者两栖攻击舰打击群。	Let's look at the positioning of the new frigates in the future rank and file of Chinese Navy. The future Chinese Navy should be similar to the US Navy. In addition to the necessary offshore defense ships, the other main ships will form an aircraft carrier battle group or amphibious attack group as the situation requires.
而新型护卫舰的角色在未来航母战斗群里应该会充当反潜主力和中近区域放空的定位，在两栖攻击舰打击群里应该会充当护卫舰艇类，那么根据这样的需求就要求新型护卫舰必须具备强大的反潜能力和不错的中程区域放空能力。	The new frigates in the future aircraft carrier battle group should play the primary role in anti-submarine and short-range air defense operations. In the amphibious attack group, they should provide protection to ships. According to these requirements, the new frigates must have strong anti-submarine capability and good mid-range air defense capability.
基于上述的定位，可以大胆的设想出未来国产护卫舰的大概模样。	Based on the above positioning, we can boldly imagine the rough appearance of the new frigates in the future.
首先来说排水量相对于现在的054A型护卫舰将有一个大幅度的增加，估计新型护卫舰的排水量会达到5000-6000吨左右;动力系统将会采用有一台QC280改进型燃气轮机和两台柴油机组成的综合电力推进系统，最高航速有望达到30节左右，续航力也会大幅度增加;至于武器配置76毫米主炮和1130近防炮应该会保留，但是会增加一座红旗10发射系统，主炮后面应该会有一个32-48单元红旗16改进型和鱼-8共架的垂发系统，在舰体中后方应该会加装一个8-16单元的大型垂发系统用于发射鹰击18和新型巡航导弹;机库和停机平台也会增大，达到两架10吨级直升机的停放和存放;至于电子雷达系统方面，高配的话应该会装备基于346A发展的小型四面固定相控阵雷达，低配的话可以使用类似于欧洲护卫舰上的多功能旋转相控阵雷达。	First, the displacement will be increased significantly compared to the current 054A model. It is estimated that the displacement of the new frigate will reach about 5000-6000 tons. The ship will be equipped with a comprehensive electric propulsion system that combines a QC280 modified gas turbine and two diesel engines, improving the maximum speed to around 30 knots and significantly increase the cruise range. As for the weaponry, the 76mm main gun and 1130 near-range anti-aircraft gun will be retained, but a HQ-10 launch system will be added. A shared vertical launching system for 32-48 unit HQ-16 modified missile and Fish-8 missiles will be furnished at the back of the main gun. A large 8-16-unit vertical launching system should be furnished at the middle-to-rear section of the hull for the launch of YJ-18 and new cruise missiles. Hangars and parking platforms will also be expanded for the parking and storage of two 10-ton helicopters. As for the electronic radar systems, the high grade model will be equipped with a small four-sided fixed phase-control array radar developed based on 346A. the low grade model will be furnished with multi-function rotating phased array radar similar to the ones on European frigates.
这样一来新型护卫舰的总体水平将会达到目前世界上的一流水准，即使是同美国的FFG相比也不逞多让。	Thus, the overall level of the new frigates will edge into the world's top bracket, even comparable to the FFG frigates of the USA.
当然上述的概念只是笔者对于国产新型护卫舰的猜想，具体如何我们只能等到新型护卫舰下水的时候才能一探究竟，让我们共同期待吧。	Of course, these are only the author's conjecture on domestically produced new frigates. Only when the new frigates are launched into the water can we know the truth. Let's anticipate the day.
（马卡洛夫）	(Makalov)
（编译/冯雪）	(Compiled by / Feng Xue)
近年来，我市鼓励企业积极参与国家、行业标准和区域团体标准的建设，对为主或者参与制定浙江制造团体标准的企业给予30万元奖励，对通过浙江制造品牌认证的企业奖励50万元，是全省该项奖励的最高额度，激发了企业参与对标的热情。	In recent years, our city has encouraged enterprises to actively participate in the construction of national or industry standards as well as regional group standards. An award of RMB300,000 will be given to enterprises that are principals or that participate in formulating standards for the Made in Zhejiang team, and RMB500,000 awarded to enterprises that have passed the Made in Zhejiang brand certification. This is the most generous award given out in the Province, and has incentivized enterprises to benchmark themselves against the standards.
日前，王力集团生产车间，该集团体系负责人高健与员工一起正将一樘防盗安全门封箱打包，作为参与浙江制造团体标准对标达标工作样品，准备送往绍兴质量检测中心。	Recently, at the production workshop of Wonly Group, Gao Jian, head of the Group’s companies, and its staff were working together to pack and send a burglar-proof door to Shaoxing Quality Inspection Center as a sample for the Made in Zhejiang team’s benchmarking and standard achievement work.
就在前两天，王力已通过了“浙江制造”认证专家组的现场审核。	Just a couple of days ago, Wonly had passed the on-site inspection of the “Made in Zhejiang” certification expert team.
高健表示，由行业技术专家和质量认证组织组成的专业团队对该集团在品质卓越、自主创新等核心方面的成绩表示赞誉，一致认为完全合标，接下来只要产品通过检验，王力将成为首批通过该标准的企业之一。	Gao Jian said that the professional team made up of industry technical experts and the quality certification organization commended the Group’s performance in terms of quality excellence, proprietary innovation and other core aspects, and unanimously believed that the Group had achieved the standards in all respects. If Wonly’s product were to pass the subsequent inspection, it will become one of the first enterprises to have achieved and passed these standards.
王力集团只是标准撬动产业转型升级的一个缩影。	Wonly Group is but an epitome of standards driving industry toward structural transformation.
我市与其同步开展浙江制造团体标准对标和达标工作的还有步阳、群升集团。	Buyang Group and Qunsheng Group are also enterprises in the city that are carrying out the Made in Zhejiang team’s benchmarking and and standard achievement work.
自去年由我市防盗安全门行业制定的浙江制造团队标准制定以来，星月、新多等企业也在积极申请对接对标工作。	Since our City formulated the Made in Zhejiang standards for the burglar-proof doors industry last year, Xinyue, Simto and other enterprises have also actively applied to undergo benchmarking.
近些年大量资本涌入影视市场，明星演员的知名度与片酬水涨船高。制片人何静曾爆料称，某部热拍剧中的两位演员拿着近亿元的片酬，最后竟然只一起搭了两天的戏，其他戏份基本全由替身代劳。	In recent years, a flood of capital has flowed into the film and TV market, and the profile and remuneration of actors have risen rapidly. Producer He Jing once revealed that two actors of a certain hit drama which was being filmed were earning salaries of close to RMB100 million. In the end, they only acted for two days; their doubles took care of the rest of the film.
在演员四处串戏成风的当下，同一时间女男主演在不同剧组，造成同一时间不能同时出现在片场，剧组被迫用替身来保证周期。	In the present situation where actors taking on roles in several dramas simultaneously is popular, lead actors and actresses would be at different sets at the same time. This has meant that they would not be able to appear at the same set at the same time. As such, film crews have been forced to use doubles to ensure the film schedule.
据了解，在从成都客场回到北京后，莫里斯继续前往医院进行了针灸治疗，以保证伤情不会继续恶化。	It is learned that Morris will head for hospital to accept acupunture therapy after arriving at Beijing from Chengdu, so as to prevent the injury from continuous deterioration.
三星在本周早些时候发布的一份声明中说，在美国市场，93%的已售Note7智能手机已被召回。	In a statement released earlier this week, Samsung stated that 93% of the Note 7 smartphones in the US have been recalled.
最后，李彦宏还称，中国不缺好故事，但没有像哈利波特那样“能跨越文化，具备生态效应的IP”，而这种“生态思维”正是我们该向好莱坞学习的地方。	Finally, Li Yanhong also said that China does not lack good stories, but does not have “IPs with ecological effect that can transcend cultures” like Harry Porter, and this “ecological thinking” is precisely an area we should learn from Hollywood.
中国家庭债务率接近美国 比买不起房更可怕的是还不起债？	China's household debt ratio is close to the United States. Is being unable to repay loan more frightening than being unable to afford a home?
最近一段时间，大家都在讨论房地产政策最近有什么变化，是不是房地产政策又要松绑了？土地政策供给主体多元化，会不会让房价出现下降呢？	Recently, everyone has been talking about the recent changes in real estate policies. Is it true that real estate policies have been loosened? Is the diversification of land supply going to bring down the housing prices?
但是，在我们担心房地产价格，担心宏观经济调控，担心房地产市场未来走势的时候，《人民日报》再次撰文了，上次我们专门论述了《人民日报》评论对于房地产调控的定调，而现在《人民日报》撰文论述的却是一个比买不买得起房更为严重的话题，这就是即使你买得起房，还得起债吗？	However, just when we were worried about real estate prices, macroeconomic controls and the future trend of the real estate market, the People's Daily published an important commentary once again. Last time we discussed how People’s Daily had set the tone for the regulation of real estate market through a commentary. This time, the commentary of People's Daily deals with a topic that is more serious than the affordability of housing: can you repay the loan even if you can afford the down payment of a mortgage?
今天，我们就来聊聊比买房更为严峻的问题：还贷。	Today, let's discuss the question more serious than buying a house: repay the loan.
一、中国日益严重的房债危机	I. China's growing housing debt crisis
《人民日报》海外版于1月17日发表了评论文章《奖与贷︰奋斗青年的乐与忧》，根据文中的数据显示，2017年11月，中国社科院国家金融与发展实验室、国家资产负债表研究中心发布的《三季度中国去杠杆进程报告》指出，居民部门杠杆率依然延续上升趋势，从2017年二季度的47.4%上升到三季度的48.6%，上升了1.3个百分点，2017年前三个季度上升了3.8个百分点。	The People's Daily Overseas Edition published a commentary titled “Awards and Loans: The Joy and Worries of Struggling Young People” on January 17th. The article cited some data from an report on the progress of nationwide financial deleveraging in the 3rth quarter jointly published by the National Laboratory of Finance and Development of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and the National Balance Sheet Research Center in November 2017. According to the report, the leverage ratio of the residents' sector continues to climb, rising from 47.4% in the second quarter of 2017 to 48.6% in the third quarter, an increase of 1.3%, which amounts to an increase of 3.8% in the first three quarters of 2017.
居民部门在全部实体经济中的债务占比加大，杠杆率上升速度较快。	The residents sector accounts for an increasing share of the total debt in the real economy, and the leverage ratio has risen rapidly.
有关研究表明，中国家庭在金融机构的负债以消费性贷款为主，约占居民负债的2/3，大约是经营性贷款的2倍。	Relevant studies have shown that Chinese households' debts in financial institutions are dominated by consumer loans, which account for about two-thirds of residents' debts, which is about twice that of business loans.
其中，在消费性贷款中，以住房贷款为主的中长期贷款占八成左右，但从增量看，短期消费贷款增长速度较快，高于中长期贷款。	Among the consumer loans, medium- and long-term loans dominated by housing loans accounted for about 80%, but short-term consumer loans grow faster than medium- and long-term loans.
除此之外，中国家庭债务率只是统计了家庭部门从金融机构获取的信贷总额，而中国家庭还有不少包括向亲戚朋友借钱在内的民间借贷，存在大规模隐性债务。	Moreover, the household debt ratio figure obtained in the study is only reflects the total amount of credit that the household sector obtains from financial institutions. In fact, many Chinese households borrow money from private sources including relatives and friends, creating a large amount invisible loans.
看到这样的数据，让人不禁有些瞠目结舌，根据苏宁金融研究院的统计数据显示，1996年中国居民杠杆率只有3%，2008年也仅为18%，但是自2008年以来居民杠杆率开始呈现迅速增长态势，短短六年间翻了一倍，达到36.4%。到了2017年三季度居民杠杆率已经高达48.6%。	Seeing such data, one cannot help but be stupefied. According to the statistical data of Suning Financial Research Institute, the leverage ratio of Chinese households was only 3% in 1996 and 18% in 2008. But this figure doubled in just six years since the trend of rapid growth of leverage ratio set in, reaching 36.4%. By the third quarter of 2017, the leverage ratio of households has reached 48.6%.
我们再对比一个数据，去年五月份，汇丰银行发布了一项横跨9国、受访者接近上万人的调查报告。	Let's make another comparison. In May last year, HSBC issued an investigation report involving 10,000 respondents in 9 countries.
这项报告的访问对象为9个国家的“千禧一代”年轻人（出生在1980年至2000年间）。	The investigation was targeted at young people in the millennial generation (born between 1980 and 2000) in nine countries.
报告指出，中国的80、90后年轻人住房拥有率高达70%，遥遥领先第二名墨西哥（46%），也是美国该项指标（35%）的2倍水平。	The report pointed out that China's young people who were born in 1980s and 1990s have a home ownership rate of 70%, far ahead of Mexico at the second place (46%), and twice the US level (35%).
这些数据告诉我们一个极有可能出现的问题，那就是相比于买不起房而言，中国居民现阶段最大的潜在“灰犀牛”估计会是还不起债了。	These figures reveals that compared to the problem of being unable to afford homes, the biggest risk of 'Grey Rhinoceros' for Chinese residents at present is likely to be being unable to repay debt.
二、房债危机为什么才是最为严重的问题？	2. Why is the housing debt crisis the most serious problem?
正如我们之前的分析，虽然我们一直在说中国房价较高，但是相比于世界上其他的国家而言，中国的住房拥有率其实是相当高的，那么与其说房价高买不起房，恐怕现在要问很多朋友的问题是你还得起贷款吗？	As we have analyzed previously, although we have been saying that China’s housing prices are relatively high, China’s housing ownership rate is actually quite high compared to other countries in the world. So the urgent question facing a lot of friends is whether you can replay the loan rather than the question of whether you can afford a home.
我们纵观全世界的房地产市场，中国的房地产市场由于起步较晚，除了我们之前说的海南之外，尚未出现过大的房地产危机，但是就在十年前的2008年全世界金融海啸的起源就是美国的房地产危机。	A quick review of the real estate market in the world leads to the conclusion that China’s real estate market hasn't experience major crisis except for the localized crisis in Hainan Province as we mentioned before. This is because commercialization of property is a relatively recent phenomenon in China. However, it's alarming to note that the real estate crisis in the United States triggered a global financial tsunami in 2008, just a decade ago.
而美国房地产危机出现的原因则被归咎于两房：房利美和房地美。	The blame for the real estate crisis in the United States falls on two financial institutions: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
当时在美国的黄金时代，房地产公司为了扩大销售将房子以极低的首付卖给了当时美国的低收入人群，在美国经济向好的时候，房地产市场也是一片欣欣向荣，然而好景不长，随着美国经济出现了增长的停滞，引起了购房者的收入下降，于是大量的家庭消费支出开始下降。	In the so called 'golden age' of the United States, real estate companies sold their houses with very low down payments to the low-income people in order to expand sales. When the US economy was prosperous, the real estate market was also thriving. However, it did not last long. The stagnation of growth in the U.S. economy caused the income of home buyers to fall, which in turn caused the consumption expenditures of a large number of households began to decline.
但是，当时美国的现状是美国家庭资产的组成部分金融资产和房地产资产，美国的低收入群体几乎所有的家庭资产全部是房地产，而前20%的高收入群体中大部分资产却是金融资产，于是就造成了在美国越是贫穷的人家房地产的负债率就越高。	Most U.S. families had both financial assets and real estate assets. At that time, almost all household assets of the low-income families were real estates, while the majority assets of the top 20% high-income families were financial assets. As a result, poorer people in the United States have higher debt ratio.
一个严重的事实是这些人都是在经济较好的时候买的房子，所以支付房贷的钱也是以他们较好的收入来计算的，当收入出现了下滑的时候，房贷的压力不仅没有减少甚至因为一些次贷计划变得浮动增加，于是此消彼长之下这些美国家庭的房地产问题就这么逐步演变成为了房地产的危机。	A grave reality is that these people bought their houses when the economy was prosperous, so the money to pay the mortgage is also calculated based on their better income. When the income declined, the pressure on the mortgage increased as a result of floating nature of some subprime mortgage plans. Thus, the real estate problems of these American families gradually evolved into a real estate crises.
从而有人因为收入过低支付不起房贷，于是银行就开始收回房产，当银行从拖欠贷款的购房者手中收回房产之后，他们会以极低的价格售出，从而导致了该地区的房价一步步下滑，这个过程又引发了房价进一步的下滑，形成了一个恶性循环，当房价下跌到一定的程度之后，越来越多的购房者发现自己的房子价值甚至已经比自己的贷款还低了，于是就有了更多的人停止继续还房贷，又造成了更多的坏账。	Some people cannot afford to pay their mortgages because their incomes were too low. The banks began to take over the houses from the home buyers who had defaulted on the loan, and then sold them at very low prices, resulting in a step-by-step price fall in the area. This vicious cycle caused a further decline in housing prices. When the housing prices had fallen to a certain extent, more and more home buyers found that their house values became lower than their loans. Thus, more and more people stopped repaying their home mortgages, resulting in a large number of bad debts.
于是，一个巨大的恶性循环就此形成：	In this way, a huge vicious circle formed:
“经济不景气——收入下滑——一部分人还不起房贷——银行低价出售欠账人的房子——房价下跌——更多的人停止还房贷——银行又出售——房价又下跌……”	“Economy downturn – incomes fall – some people can’t repay mortgages – banks sell defaulted houses at low prices – house prices fall – more people stop paying home mortgages – banks sell houses again – prices fall again ..."
而问题不止如此，因为房价的持续下跌，大家停止还贷把房子给银行之后并不是你就没有债务了，如果银行拍卖房子得到的钱还还不上你欠银行的贷款的话，那么你还是需要接着还钱，简单点说假设你用首付60万，贷款240万买了一套当时价值300万的房子，当房价下跌到这个房子只值200万的时候，你不再还贷把房子给了银行，银行拍卖房子之后，你不仅损失了自己的首付60万，还倒欠银行40万的债务，你还是要接着还钱。	The problem did not stop there. As house prices continue to fall, a new situation emerged: The money the bank got after auctioning the defaulted house was less than the loan the home buyer owed the bank, the home buyer still need to repay the loan. So stopping repayment does not necessarily mean that you are cleaned of the debt. For example, if you paid a down payment of $600,000 and borrowed $2.4 million to buy a house worth $3 million at the time. When the house price falls to $2 million, you stop to repay the loan and give the house to the bank. After the bank auctions the house, you will not only lost your down payment of $600,000, but also owed $400,000 debts to the bank. You still have to repay the debt.
于是，就在这样一个接一个的恶性循环下，美国的经济逐渐陷于崩溃，最终引发了美国2008年的金融危机。	Thus, with the effect of such vicious cycle one after another, the U.S. economy gradually collapsed and eventually triggered the U.S. financial crisis in 2008.
所以，现阶段中国家庭债务率的水平达到了46.8%的高位是一件非常需要警惕的问题，这个数据在目前来看还是低于发达国家水平，但是问题的苗头已经开始出现，国家从去年开始就反复强调去杠杆问题，这是一件非常有先见之明的判断，家庭债务率如果放任其继续攀升的话，必然会引发巨大的风险，所以要严防金融风险的出现。	Therefore, the fact that China’s household debt ratio has reached a high level of 46.8% is a problem that requires great vigilance. Although this figure is still lower than that of developed countries at present, the signs of the problem have already begun to emerge. The central government started to stress the issue of deleveraging repeatedly in the last year, which is a very prescient judgment. If the household debt ratio is allowed to continue to climb, it will inevitably lead to a huge crisis. Therefore, we must strictly guard against the hidden financial risks.
于是有了之后房子是用来住的、不是用来炒的定位，国家更加快建立多主体供给、多渠道保障、租购并举等多重措施，进一步化解潜在风险。	It's no wonder that the central government has set the tone for the real estate market: Houses are for living, not for speculation. The government are taking multiple measures to resolve potential risks, including increasing land and housing supply and encouraging house renting.
对于我们个人家庭来说，一定要放弃房地产投机思维，买房的时候量力而行，避免自己家庭陷入巨大的负担之中，只有合理的评估自己的收入和负债水平才是一个健康的家庭财富发展道路。	For our individual families, we must abandon the mindset of speculating on real estate and make purchase according to our own financial capacities. In this way, we can prevent our families from falling under huge financial burden. A reasonable assessment of one's own income and debt levels is essential for healthy growth of family wealth.
作者：苏宁金融研究院特约研究员，财经专栏作家，财经评论员。	Author: researcher of Suning Institute of Finance, financial columnist, financial commentator.
首发微信公众号：江瀚视野观察（jianghanview）	The first WeChat public number: jianghanview
这也让我对Facebook工程师需要使用的所有内部技术有了更好的了解，也可以更全面地认识家庭自动化。	This one also gave me a better sense of all the internal technology Facebook engineers get to use, as well as a thorough overview of home automation.
万达董事长王健林辛辛苦苦攒了这个比赛，线上线下都在不停地忙活，甚至亲自出席了两场“中国杯”发布会，结果变成了剃头挑子一头热。	Wang Jianlin, Wanda’s chairman, was struggling with the competition and busy with it both online and offline. He even attended two news conferences of “China Cup" in person, but it turned out to be a one-sided enthusiasm.
今天不少网购消费者发现在自己快递物流状态中，出现了“雾霾影响”的字眼。	Many online shoppers found the words “Affected by haze” in their express delivery logistics status today.
快递延误原因之一在于，受雾霾天气影响，多地实行交通管制，运力不足。	The impact of haze is a reason for delays in express deliveries. Traffic restrictions are implemented in many locations, resulting in inadequate delivery capacity.
英国发明家在自己体内植入芯片，挥手即可进屋进车	British inventor microchips himself to get into house and car with a wave of hand
一英国发明家为自己安装芯片，只需挥一挥手即可打开他家前门、进入办公室甚至将车启动，成为全国第一人。	A British inventor has become the first in the country to be fitted with a microchip so he can open his front door, access his office and even start his car with just a wave of his hand.
33 岁的史蒂文·诺瑟姆在他的拇指和食指间植入一块小小的芯片，且现在正为想要简化自己生活的公司和个人提供此项服务，该服务由他的公司 BioTeq 通过技术来实现。	Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and finger and is now offering the service to businesses and individuals who want to simplify their life with technology through his company BioTeq.
他已和汉普郡温彻斯特皇家汉普郡医院的高级顾问麻醉师杰夫?沃森医生联手，确保植入过程达到医学标准。	He has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthetist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure the implant procedure is carried out to a medical standard.
该技术与猫狗芯片植入类似，且只需 30 秒。	The technology is similar to a microchip implanted for cats and dogs, and takes just 30 seconds.
诺瑟姆先生的公司也会更换各房间和车辆的锁，以与该芯片兼容，每把锁花费 300 英镑。	Mr Northam's company will also alter locks on houses and cars so they are compatible with the chip, for a cost of £300 each lock.
这位拥有一个孩子的已婚父亲现在已为他家和他的 BMW Z4 都安装了该技术，他只要把手放在方向盘上即可将车启动。	The married father of one now has technology fitted to both his home and his BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is on the wheel.
谈起这次中央财经工作会议胡鞍钢感触良多，这次会议内容既关注国家发展，也影响个人生活。	Hu Angang had mixed feelings about this Central Financial and Economic Work Conference. The content of this conference not only focused on national development, but will also have an impact on one’s personal life.
7月10日，国家统计局发布了2016年6月份全国居民消费价格指数（CPI）和工业生产者出厂价格指数（PPI）。	On July 10, the National Bureau of Statistics released the June 2016 Consumer Price Index (CPI) and Producer Price Index (PPI).
白宫道具耗资数千	White House Prop Cost Taxpayers Thousands
根据《时代》杂志发布的军事记录记载，上个月白宫决定运送一架海军陆战队直升机至南草坪用于彰显美国制造业的巨大荣耀，耗资高达 24,000 美元。	The White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month cost taxpayers as much as $24,000, according to military records released to TIME.
绿白相间的 Sikorsky VH-3D（总统乘坐时也称海军陆战队一号）是白宫 7 月 17 日凸显美国建造项目活动上的重要展品。	The green-and-white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is aboard, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House showcasing American construction programs.
总统唐纳德·特朗普、副总统迈克·彭斯和众白宫高级官员巡视了来自全部 50 个州的制造产品。	President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured manufacturing products from all 50 states.
展品有康涅狄格州制造的直升机、一艘缅因州的游艇、一辆威斯康辛州的消防车和一台密西西比州的叉车。	The Connecticut-made helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin, and a forklift from Mississippi.
根据负责操作该直升机的部队海军陆战队直升机第一飞行队 (HMX-1) 的记录，白宫军事办公室要求该直升机按日常命令 (FRAGO) 现身，即在该直升机降落在南草坪参加此次“特别”活动前仅 36 小时。	The White House Military Office requested the helicopter's presence in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on the South Lawn for the "unusual" event, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for operating the helicopter.
活动前一天，HMX-1 指挥官在向上级海军陆战队飞行副司令发送的电子邮件中表示“我只想确认您知晓，因为这此次活动受到高度重视。”	"I just wanted you to make sure you were aware because it's such an unusual high visibility event," the commander of HMX-1 emailed his superior, the Marine Deputy Commandant for Aviation, the day before the event.
该信息表明该直升机将于 7 月 17 日大约上午 7 点抵达南草坪参加下午 3 点的活动，在当天晚上 6 点至 9 点草坪清空后才离开。	The message indicated the helicopter would arrive on the South Lawn at approximately 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and remain until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening.
该信息还表示万一从白宫出发的时间推迟，回航则因为值班时间限制需要第二组机组人员。	The note adds that should the departure from the White House be delayed, a second aircrew would be needed for the return flight due to duty-hour restrictions.
原机组人员在活动期间在直升机边待命，而保安部队人员在飞机位于地面时在附近待命。	The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while unit security personnel remained with the aircraft while it was the ground.
《时代》杂志得到的记录中并未清楚指出最终是否需要第二组机组人员。	It was not clear from records provided to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
《哈奇法案》禁止联邦雇员出于政治目的使用政府财产。	The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
记录指出 HMX-1 曾询问此次活动是否违反了该法案。	Records indicate that HMX-1 inquired about whether the event might violate the provision.
该指挥官写道“我们问的一个问题是这是否违反了《哈奇法案》，并被告知没有违反。”	"One question we asked was if it was a violation of the Hatch Act and were informed it was not," the commander wrote.
“听起来你被锁住了啊，”副司令回复道。	"Sounds like you are locked," the Deputy Commandant replied.
白宫将此次“美国制造”活动定义为官方活动，因此不受《哈奇法案》管辖。	The "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House, and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
但是即使是官方活动也带有政治色彩。	But even official events have political overtones.
活动中，总统推行当时参议院的议题：医疗改革，并大肆吹捧对政府法规的管控。	At the event, the President made a push for healthcare reform efforts then underway in the Senate and touted efforts to rein in government regulations.
将海军陆战队一号或空军一号飞机用于政治宣传目的已经不是什么新鲜事。	Using the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
历届总统都被要求出行需乘坐这些飞机。	Presidents are required to use them for travel.
但是仅为拍照目的将其征用并不常见。	But requisitioning their use solely for a photo-op is unusual.
二月份特朗普就受到关注，当时是在佛罗里达州墨尔本，总统专机慢慢滑行，最终停到了他第一次竞选集会的背景布处，而他的推特账户充斥着对前任总统使用总统专机的抱怨信息。	Trump drew scrutiny in February when the presidential airplane taxied to the backdrop of his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., and his Twitter account is flush with messages complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential aircraft.
白宫副新闻发言人林赛·沃尔特斯称“白宫因此次‘美国制造’展览而激动不已，此次展览展示了来自全部 50 个州的产品，这些产品均由美国工人使用美国材料制造。”	"The White House is thrilled with the 'Made In America' showcase that featured products from all 50 states that are made by American workers with American materials," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.
HMX-1 机组人员经常在华盛顿地区附近和南草坪进行飞行训练，练习将美国总统准确安置在白宫。	HMX-1 crews frequently perform training flights around the Washington area and at the South Lawn to practice depositing the President of the United States at the White House with inches of precision.
7 月初特朗普在德国参加 G-20 峰会期间，HMX-1 在白宫练习了 58 次着陆。	When Trump was at the G-20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 conducted 58 practice landings at the White House.
一位官员称，此次美国制造活动飞行计入本月机组人员训练要求中。	The flight for the Made in America event counted toward the aircrew's training requirement for the month, an official said.
直升机部队当天也额外飞行了 11 个小时的“非总统支援任务”。	Unit helicopters also flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."
白宫方面称纳税人并没有承担此次活动中任何其他道具的费用。	The White House said taxpayers did not pick up the burden for any of the other props featured at the event.
Sikorsky 发言人称该公司并未参与安排南草坪直升机展示。	A spokesperson for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in arranging for the helicopter to be displayed on the South Lawn.
HMX-1 并没有保留总统飞行的预算记录，因此要确定此次活动产生的准确费用非常困难。	HMX-1 doesn't maintain budgetary records for presidential flights, and determining the precise cost incurred by the event is difficult.
但是根据国防部 2017 财政年度的小时费用记载，VH-3D 的国防部可报销费用为每飞行小时 24,380 美元。	But according to Department of Defense hourly rates for fiscal year 2017, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $24,380 per flight hour.
部队记录记录了飞机每次从弗吉尼亚州匡提科海军陆战队机场的基地飞行的时间为 30 分钟。	Unit records record the aircraft flight time as 30 minutes each way from its home base at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico in Virginia.
白宫方面称操作该直升机的成本远低于该费用。	The White House argues the true cost of operating the helicopter is well below that rate.
沃尔特斯称“基于可报销费来估计纳税人所出的费用非常有误导性。	"To place a cost to taxpayers based on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," Walters said.
这些估计的费用包括人员费用、维护费和其他很多包括在年度拨款中的沉没成本。	"These rate estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other sunk costs that are included in annual appropriations."
一份 2015 年的 RAND 研究显示，国防部可报销费用并不包括人员费用，但确实包括油费、维护费和订约成本。	According to a 2015 RAND study, DoD reimbursement rates do not include the cost of personnel, but do account for fuel, maintenance, and contracting costs.
当时，前白宫新闻发言人肖恩·斯派克为此次活动使用该直升机辩护，	At the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.
并称“想法是在本周展示美国制造的东西，	"The idea is to showcase this week things that are made in America," Spicer said.
而且我知道 Sikorsky 公司和康涅狄格州都为此感到自豪，他们都为我们的国家安全贡献了一份力量，我猜测就算没有数千也有数百人的工作要依赖于此。	"And I know Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, that there are, I assume, hundreds if not thousands of people whose job depends on that.
而且我觉得像大部分美国人一样，我们都为这架直升机和其他军事设备感到自豪，这是无数美国人不辞辛劳作出的成果。	And I think, like most Americans, we're all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans worked tirelessly to do.
所以彰显这一点当然并没有不合时宜。”	So, of course, it's appropriate to highlight that."
我们并不清楚特朗普在活动中游览南草坪时是否与该直升机互动，但他确实坐上了消防车的驾驶座。	It wasn't clear whether Trump interacted with the helicopter as he toured the South Lawn for the event, but he did step into the driver's seat of a fire truck.
在白宫内，特朗普向 Sikorsky 公司代表发表讲话，拿他自己拥有的该公司飞机跟媒体开玩笑。	Inside the White House, Trump addressed Sikorsky representatives, joking with the media about his own fleet of company products.
他说“我很了解 Sikorsky 飞机。我有三架。”	"I know Sikorsky very well," the President said, "I have three of them."
习近平关于全面从严治党的妙喻	Brilliant Metaphors of Xi Jinping about Comprehensively Strengthening Party Discipline
1月11日，在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上，习近平总书记发表重要讲话，强调“以永远在路上的执着把全面从严治党引向深入，开创全面从严治党新局面”。	During the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech on January 11, emphasizing that “we should keep marching ahead on the road of adhering to the principle of comprehensively strengthening party discipline and creating a new situation for comprehensively strengthening party discipline”.
关于全面从严治党，习近平总书记有过很多形象的比喻，一同回顾！	With respect to comprehensively strengthening party discipline, General Secretary Xi Jinping has given many vivid and impressive metaphors, so let’s review them together!
“老虎”要露头就打，“苍蝇”乱飞也要拍。要推动全面从严治党向基层延伸，严厉整治发生在群众身边的腐败问题。	We should fight against “tigers” (high-ranking corrupt officials) immediately after we find evidence, and we should also deal with those “flies” (low-ranking corrupt officials) at the same time. We should spread the principle of comprehensively strengthening party discipline to grass-roots party organizations and make every effort to deal with those corruption problems in daily life of the general public.
——2018年1月11日，习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上发表重要讲话	-- On January 11, 2018, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech during the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China
广大纪检监察干部要做到忠诚坚定、担当尽责、遵纪守法、清正廉洁，确保党和人民赋予的权力不被滥用、惩恶扬善的利剑永不蒙尘。	Officials responsible for discipline inspection and supervision at all levels should be loyal and determined, responsible, discipline and law-abiding, honest and upright in order to ensure that the power granted by the Party and the people will not be abused, and the sharp sword used for praising virtue and punishing vice will never be covered by dust.
——2018年1月11日，习近平在中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上发表重要讲话	-- On January 11, 2018, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech during the second plenary session of the 19th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China
抓落实来不得花拳绣腿，光喊口号、不行动不行，单单开会、发文件不够，必须落到实处。	It is impossible to ensure implementation of policies by taking showy and impractical actions and shouting slogans. Without practical actions, we can’t ensure proper implementation of policies only by holding meetings and issuing documents. We must do our works in a practical manner.
——2017年12月25日至26日，习近平在中央政治局召开的民主生活会上发表重要讲话	-- During December 25 and 26, 2017, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the meeting of democratic life held by Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC
中央政治局的同志都应该明史知理，不能颠倒了公私、混淆了是非、模糊了义利、放纵了亲情，要带头树好廉洁自律的“风向标”，推动形成清正廉洁的党风。	Our comrades from the Political Bureau should learn about history and be reasonable and must not confuse public and private interests, call white black, blur the boundary between righteousness and benefits or handle issues based on nepotism. You should erect a “wind vane” by taking the lead in adhering to honesty and self-discipline and help establish a work style for the party characterized by honesty and integrity.
——2017年12月25日至26日，习近平在中央政治局召开的民主生活会上发表重要讲话	-- During December 25 and 26, 2017, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the meeting of democratic life held by Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the CPC
用一贤人则群贤毕至，见贤思齐就蔚然成风。选什么人就是风向标，就有什么样的干部作风，乃至就有什么样的党风。	A person of virtue will attract a group of persons of virtue, so all people will emulate those better than themselves and the action will become a common practice. Personnel appointment serves as the “wind vane”, which will determine the work style of cadres and even the work style of the Party.
——2013年6月28日，习近平在全国组织工作会议上的讲话	-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the National Organization Working Conference on June 28, 2013
打铁必须自身硬。党要团结带领人民进行伟大斗争、推进伟大事业、实现伟大梦想，必须毫不动摇坚持和完善党的领导，毫不动摇把党建设得更加坚强有力。	A blacksmith must have necessary skills in order to do his job in a great way. The Party should unite the people and lead them in fighting great battles, pushing forward great causes and realizing great dreams. We should adhere to and improve the Party’s leadership and make the Party become stronger unswervingly.
——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出	-- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress
当前，反腐败斗争形势依然严峻复杂，巩固压倒性态势、夺取压倒性胜利的决心必须坚如磐石。	At present, the anti-corruption campaign is still facing a complex and challenging situation, so we must be rock-firm determined to consolidate the overwhelming trend and win an overwhelming victory.
——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出	-- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress
坚持反腐败无禁区、全覆盖、零容忍，坚定不移“打虎”、“拍蝇”、“猎狐”，不敢腐的目标初步实现，不能腐的笼子越扎越牢，不想腐的堤坝正在构筑，反腐败斗争压倒性态势已经形成并巩固发展。	During the anti-corruption campaign, we must adhere to the principles of no forbidden zone, full coverage and zero tolerance and should be determined to “fight against tigers”, “beat flies” and “hunt foxes”. The goal of ensuring that officials dare not become corrupt is primarily achieved. The cage used for preventing corruption is getting increasingly secure, and the dam that can block intention of corruption is being built. An overwhelming trend of the anti-corruption campaign takes shape and is becoming increasingly consolidated and developed.
——2017年10月18日，习近平在中国共产党第十九次全国代表大会上的报告指出	-- On October 18, 2017, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during the 19th CPC National Congress
各级领导干部要带头执行《准则》、《条例》，把好用权“方向盘”，系好廉洁“安全带”，激浊扬清，扶正祛邪，自觉为营造风清气正的政治生态履职尽责、作出贡献。	Leading cadres at all levels should take the lead in implementing the Codes and Rules, hold the “steering wheel” in exercising power and fasten the “safety belt” for ensuring integrity. In addition, they should also make efforts to eliminate vice and exalt virtue, strengthen resistance against corruption and eliminate evil factors, perform their duties in creating an honest and upright political ecology and make their contributions during the process.
——2017年3月8日，习近平在参加十二届全国人大五次会议四川代表团审议时强调	-- On March 8, 2017, Xi Jinping emphasized the following during review of the Sichuan Delegation at the 5th session of the 12th National People's Congress
我们党反腐败不是看人下菜的“势利店”，不是争权夺利的“纸牌屋”，也不是有头无尾的“烂尾楼”。	The anti-corruption campaign of the CPC isn’t a “Snobbish Shop” that treating different people with different attitudes, or a “House of Cards” characterized by fighting for power and benefit, or an “unfinished building” having a beginning but no end.
——2016年1月12日，习近平在第十八届中央纪律检查委员会第六次全体会议上的讲话	-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the 6th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China on January 12, 2016
实现全面建成小康社会奋斗目标、实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦，关键在于培养造就一支具有铁一般信仰、铁一般信念、铁一般纪律、铁一般担当的干部队伍。	To achieve the goal of building a moderately well-off society in an all-round way and realize the Chinese Dream of achieving the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, it is key to cultivate and build a cadre team with iron-clad faith, belief, discipline and sense of responsibility.
——2015年12月11日，习近平在全国党校工作会议上的讲话	-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at National Party School Working Conference on December 11, 2015
要深入推进反腐败斗争，下大气力拔“烂树”、治“病树”、正“歪树”，使领导干部受到警醒、警示、警戒。	We should push forward the anti-corruption campaign in an in-depth manner and make great efforts to uproot “rotten trees”, fix “sick trees” and make “crooked trees” become upright in order to alert, warn and caution leading cadres.
——2015年3月6日，习近平参加十二届全国人大三次会议江西代表团审议时指出	-- On March 6, 2015, Xi Jinping pointed out the following during review of the Jiangxi Delegation at the 3rd session of the 12th National People's Congress
理想信念是共产党人的精神之“钙”，必须加强思想政治建设，解决好世界观、人生观、价值观这个“总开关”问题。	Ideal and belief serve as “calcium” for the spirit of members of the Communist Party, so we must strength ideological and political construction and solve any problem concerning outlook on world, outlook on life and values, which is the “master switch”.
——2014年1月20日，习近平在党的群众路线教育实践活动第一批总结暨第二批部署会议上发表重要讲话	-- On January 20, 2014, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the summing-up meeting for the first batch & the deployment meeting for the second batch of educational and practical activities concerning the mass line of the Party
要切实执行组织纪律，不能搞特殊、有例外，各级党组织要敢抓敢管，使纪律真正成为带电的高压线。	We should implement organizational discipline in a practical manner and must not tolerate privilege or exception. Party organizations at all levels should dare to maintain discipline in order to make discipline become an actually live high-voltage line.
——2014年1月14日，习近平在十八届中央纪委三次全会上发表重要讲话	-- On January 14, 2014, Xi Jinping gave a keynote speech at the 3th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China
批评和自我批评是一剂良药，是对同志、对自己的真正爱护。开展批评和自我批评需要勇气和党性，不能把我们防身治病的武器给丢掉了。	Criticism and self-criticism serve as a good medicine and the actual care given to our comrades and ourselves. Performing criticism and self-criticism needs courage and party spirit, and we must not lose our weapon used for defending ourselves and treating diseases.
——2013年9月25日，习近平在指导河北省委常委班子专题民主生活会时强调	-- On September 25, 2013, Xi Jinping emphasized the following at the special meeting of democratic life attended by the leading group of the standing committee under the Party committee of Hebei Province
要加强对权力运行的制约和监督，把权力关进制度的笼子里，形成不敢腐的惩戒机制、不能腐的防范机制、不易腐的保障机制。	We should make efforts to strength restriction and supervision on exercise of power, put power into the cage formed by rules and regulations and establish a punishment mechanism which makes officials dare not to be corrupt, a prevention mechanism which makes officials unable to practice corruption and a safeguard mechanism which makes officials tend to guard against corruption.
——2013年1月22日，习近平在十八届中央纪委第二次全会上的讲话	-- From the speech delivered by Xi Jinping at the 2th plenary session of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China on January 22, 2013
当晚，帕蒂·史密斯以白衬衫黑西装登台，为现场的1500名观众演唱迪伦名曲《暴雨将至》。	That night, Patti Smith took to the stage in a white shirt and black suit, and sang Bob Dylan’s “Tempest” in front of a live audience of 1,500 people.
据悉，重庆市目前拥有国土资源部设立的页岩气探矿权18个和国内首个页岩气采矿权——中国石化涪陵页岩气田。	It is understood that Chongqing currently owns 18 shale gas exploration rights established by Ministry of Land and Resources as the first domestic shale gas mining rights - the Sinopec Fuling shale gas field.
截至2017年1月，重庆全市共完钻页岩气井368口(不含参数井)，投产261口，近期，随着中国石化南川区平桥南区域内4口页岩气探井测试日产量均超过20万立方米的好消息传来，全球北美以外首个商业化开采的大型页岩气田中国石化涪陵页岩气田有望按照计划在今年建成100亿立方米产能。	As for January 2017, a total of 368 shale gas wells (excluding parameter drill-holes) have been drilled in Chongqing, and 261 have commenced production. With recent positive news that the production volume of each of the four shale gas exploratory wells at Sinopec’s Southern Pingqiao block of the Nanchuan District has exceeded 200,000 cubic meters per day, Sinopec’s Fuling shale gas field, which is expected to have a planned capacity of 10 billion cubic meters this year, will become the first commercialized drilling of a large-scale shale gas field outside North America.
据了解，100亿立方米的页岩气田相当于一个1000万吨级的大油田。	It is understood that a 10 billion cubic meter shale gas field is equivalent to a 10 million tonne oil field.
据了解，页岩气作为清洁能源，100亿方页岩气田建成后每年可减排二氧化碳1200万吨。	Shale gas is a clean energy resource. It is understood that the completion of the 10 billion cubic meter shale gas field will help cut 12 million tonnes of CO2 emission annually.
在功能手机时代，手机的基本功能就是打电话、发短信、简单的备忘录，各种手机在功能上差距是不大的。	In a feature phone era, the basic functions of a mobile phone would be making a call, sending short text messages, and simple memos. The difference in the functions among mobile phones is quite small.
自打有了计算机以来，努力让机器智能逐渐向人类大脑过渡成为了很多科研人员的一个梦想。	Ever since computers were available, conscientious effort to make machine intelligence gradually transition toward the human brain has become a dream of many scientists.
《毒枭》第三季预告片：随着巴勃罗·埃斯科瓦尔的离开，卡利集团开始走上 Netflix 热播剧中心舞台	Narcos season 3 trailer: With Pablo Escobar gone, the Cali Cartel take centre stage in Netflix's hit series
尽管《毒枭》第二季揭露了杀害巴勃罗·埃斯科瓦尔的凶手，但这部 Netflix 热播剧还远远没有结束。	Despite season two of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killer, Netflix's series is far from over.
流媒体服务已确认第三季和第四季，第三季已收到首个预告片，片中对这部剧中即将出现的反派角色进行了一番调侃。	Season three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the former receiving its first trailer, teasing the show's upcoming villains.
第三季中，DEA 将注意力转向世界上最富有的贩毒组织：卡利集团。	With season three, the DEA has turned their attention towards the richest drug trafficking organisation in the world: the Cali Cartel.
卡利集团由四位强大的教父级大佬把持，像“财富 500 强”公司一样运作，只是涉及更多的政府贿赂和暴力行为。	Led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" just with more government bribes and violent actions.
吉尔伯托·罗德里格斯·欧华拉（达米安·阿尔卡扎饰）是卡利集团的领导人，米格尔·罗德里格斯·欧华拉（弗朗西斯科·丹尼斯饰）是卡利集团的智囊，Pacho Herrera帕乔·赫雷拉（阿尔伯托·阿曼饰）负责运营墨西哥的网络，彻普·圣克鲁斯·伦敦诺（佩佩·拉帕佐特饰）负责纽约的运营。	Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the cartel's leader, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) being the brains, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) running the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) based in New York.
这部新发布的预告片中，佩德罗·帕斯卡以哈维尔·佩纳这一角色重新回归。哈维尔·佩纳这个角色支持美国和哥伦比亚执法部门，协助开展毒品战争。	The newly released trailer sees Pedro Pascal return as Javier Peña, the character enlisting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.
其他新演员包括 马蒂亚斯·巴雷拉、迈克尔·斯塔尔-大卫、马特·惠兰、米格尔·安杰尔·西尔韦斯特凯瑞·碧许、和阿图罗·卡斯特罗。	Other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe, and Arturo Castro.
《毒枭》第三季将于 9 月 1 日亮相。	Season three of Narcos will debut 1 September.
据悉，此轮Coldplay巡演中没有香港站的原因之一，就在于没有合适地点，因为他们明确要求至少要容纳3万人以上的户外场地。	It is understood that a reason for not having a Hong Kong stop in Coldplay’s tour this time round was because of a lack of an appropriate venue. The band specifically requested for an outdoor venue with a seating capacity of at least 30,000.
扎克伯格希望借助Jarvis项目用自己的声音控制家里的所有东西，从音乐到灯光再到温度。	Zuckerberg hopes to use Jarvis to control everything at home, from music to lights to temperature, with his voice.
12月19日，中兴通讯对外披露，今年7月，该公司成功收购珠海广通客车，组建中兴智能汽车有限公司进入新能源汽车领域，围绕新能源汽车研发、设计、生产制造，车联网应用、大数据、自动驾驶、云计算中心的系统研发与建设运营，打造全新产业板块。	On December 19, ZTE publicly disclosed that the company successfully acquired Zhuhai Granton Automobile in July this year, and has set up ZTE Smart Auto Co., Ltd to enter the renewable energy auto sector. Centered on the research and development, designing, and production of renewable energy vehicles, as well as the system research and development, and building and operation of vehicle networking applications, big data, driverless vehicles, and cloud computer centers, the company aims to create a brand new industry sector.
联合国称阿富汗民主取决于女性的政治地位	Afghan democracy depends on political role for women, U.N. says
联合国驻阿富汗援助团团长星期三称，只有包括女性在内的社会所有成员都参与的选举才是有代表性的。	Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, the head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan said Wednesday.
联合国援助团团长尼古拉斯·海伊索姆称，上百名女性正在参与省级议会选举，三名女性正在参加副总统选举，超过 30% 的新注册选民为女性。	Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the U.N. Assistance Mission said hundreds of women are running in provincial council elections, three women are running for vice president and more than 30 percent of the newly-registered voters are women.
他在周三的声明中称，“女性的地位不容小觑。”	"The role of women cannot be overstated," he said in a statement Wednesday.
只有当女性完全参与并包含在选举过程的全部阶段中，才真正是有代表性的、可信的选举。	Elections can only be truly representative and credible when women fully participate and are included in all parts of the electoral process.
阿富汗省级议会和总统选举于 4 月 5 日举行。	Afghan provincial council and presidential elections take place April 5.
塔利班对一选举程序发出恐吓，该选举与国际军事行动向顾问身份的过渡吻合。	The Taliban has issued threats against an election process that coincides with the transition of international combat operations to an advisory role.
今年的选举是第一次和平实现从一个民主选举政府到下一个民主选举政府的权力交接。	This year's elections mark the first time power is handed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.
海伊索姆称女性的重要地位将促进阿富汗民主。	Haysom said a strong role for women will add to Afghanistan's democratic success.
独立选举委员会发布报告称，总计 360 万注册选民中有 120 万为女性。	The Afghan Independent Election Commission reports 1.2 million women are registered out of 3.6 million total registered voters.
连续播出三年的《晓松奇谈》自2014年在爱奇艺上线以来一直保持超高的播放量及口碑好评度。	“Xiaosong Pedia”, which has been broadcast for three consecutive years on iQiyi since 2014, has maintained very high viewership and earned critical acclaim.
去年5月，经典美剧《傲骨贤妻》以“A姐”艾丽西亚挨的一记耳光正式宣告七季全剧终。	Last May, the Season 7 finale of the classic American series “The Good Wife” ended with Alicia being slapped in the face.
对于很多人而言，这是他们心目中最好的律政剧。无论IMDb还是豆瓣，该剧七季的平均分都在9分以上。	This was the best legal and political drama in the eyes of many. Both IMDb and Douban gave Season 7 of the series an average rating of 9 and above.
烂番茄上除第一季外，其他六季新鲜度都高达100%。	Other than Season 1, Rotten Tomatoes had a 100% certified fresh rating for the other six seasons.
就在傲骨迷倍感失落之际，CBS网上频道新推出了一部《傲骨贤妻》系列衍生剧《傲骨之战》。	Just when fans of “The Good Wife” felt lost, CBS released “The Good Fight”, a sequel to “The Good Wife” on CBS All Access, its streaming service.
在IMDb上，这一分数，不仅打败了同档播出的众多美剧，也打败了整七季的母剧《傲骨贤妻》，更首次打破了衍生剧“狗尾续貂”的魔咒。	On IMDb, its rating not only beat many American dramas broadcast at the same time, it also beat that of all the seasons of “The Good Wife”, breaking the curse of a “bad sequel to a masterpiece”.
乒超联赛昨晚进行了女团第16轮争夺，丁宁因病缺阵，北京首钢女乒客场不敌山东鲁能。	The 16th round of the women's team of the Table Tennis Super League took place last night. Ding Ning missed the match due to illness. As a guest member, the women's team of Beijing Shougang Group failed Shandong Luneng.
13开发商争抢天河区坚红化工厂地块地价或将破1万元/m2	13 developers compete for Jianhong Chemical Plant site in Tianhe District; land price could exceed RMB10,000/m2
羊城晚报讯记者赵燕华报道：今天下午，将有不少于13家开发商争抢坚红化工厂地块，今天出让的天河区黄埔大道坚红化工厂地块，为二类居住用地（R2），用地面积17304平方米（可建设用地15178平方米），建筑面积为45534平方米。	Yangcheng Evening News/Reporter Zhao Yanhua: This afternoon, not less than 13 developers competed for the Jianhong Chemical Plant site. The Jianhong Chemical Plant site at Huangpu Road in Tianhe District is a Class 2 land parcel for residential use (R2), with site area of 17,304 m2 (land available for construction: 15,178 m2), and gross floor area of 45,534 m2.
地块设有中小套型要求，90平方米以下住房面积占宗地住宅开发建设总面积比例不低于60%。	There are requirements for small and medium-sized units for the site. The proportion of built-up gross floor area for the development of residential units 90 m2 and below should not be less than 60% at this site.
按中小户型的最大面积计算，该地块将至少可以提供303套中小户型住宅。	Based on the largest floor area of a small to medium-sized unit, at least 303 small and medium-sized units could be offered at this site.
据悉，该地块位于黄埔立交正东面，马路对面便是天河建筑设计院。该地周边配套完善，为今年挂出的天河区首块住宅用地。	It is understood that this site is located directly east of Huangpu Interchange, and across the road from Guangzhou Tianhe Architecture Design Institute. Amenities around the site are comprehensive. It is the first listing of a residential site in the Tianhe District this year.
另外，今天还将出让白云区同和东坑蟾蜍石北路一幅二类居住用地（R2），用地面积32891平方米（可建设用地30965平方米），建筑面积92895平方米，挂牌起始价61311万元，折合楼面地价6600元/平方米。	Elsewhere, a Class 2 land parcel for residential use (R2) at Chan Chu Shi North Road, Tonghe Dongkeng, Baiyun District, was also offered for sale today, with site area of 32,891 m2 (land available for construction: 30,965 m2), and gross floor area of 92,895 m2. The listed starting price was RMB613.11 million, equivalent to RMB6,600 per m2 per plot ratio.
该地块为白云区今年来推出的首幅宅地，同样要求中小套型（90平方米以下）比例为30%。	This land parcel is the first residential site offered for sale in Baiyun District this year. Similarly, there are requirements for small and medium-sized units (90 m2 and below), with the proportion at 30%.
地铁三号线延长线从其西边穿过，地块正位于同和站和京溪南方医院站之间的路段。	The site, with the extended Guangzhou Metro Line 3 passing through its east side, is located at the section of the road between Tonghe and Jingxi Nanfang Hospital stations.
“一天十亿只包裹，不会超过八年，估计在六七年左右就能实现。”在昨日杭州云栖小镇举行的“2017全球智慧物流峰会”上，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云如是说。	“1 billion parcels per day can be achieved in less than eight years; probably in about six to seven years,” said Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma yesterday at the “2017 Global Smart Logistics Summit” held in Yuqi township, Hangzhou.
在这次大会上，菜鸟网络发布了全新的品牌标识和ACE绿色智慧物流汽车计划，并宣布与多家知名车企打造百万辆“智慧”新能源物流汽车，目前新车已在深圳和成都进行试点，节省成本超过两成。	At the Summit, Cainiao Networks unveiled its new brand logo and the ACE green smart logistics vehicle plan. It also announced that it will build one million “smart” renewable energy logistics vehicles with numerous renowned automakers. Currently, the new vehicle has undergone trials in Shenzhen and Chengdu, with cost savings of more than 20%.
2016年，中国快递业已实现连续6年增长率超过50%，日均8000万个包裹，还可以更改送货时间。	In 2016, China’s express delivery industry achieved more than 50% growth for six consecutive years, with an average of 80 million parcels per day, with changes in delivery time allowed as well.
这让住在南宁市民主路机械厅宿舍的高阿姨一家人很高兴。	This made Aunt Gao and her family, residents of the Machinery Office dormitory at Minzhu Road in Nanning, very happy.
邻居们也都说发财树开花，真是难得一见。小区居民们认为这是一件很吉祥的事，得知后都饶有兴致前来观看。	Neighbors also said that flowers blooming on the money tree is a rare sight. Residents of the housing estate felt that this was very auspicious, and came to take a look out of interest after learning about the matter.
发财树学名“马拉巴栗”，是一种热带植物，原产墨西哥，喜温暖湿润，必须在阳光、水分、养料等多个条件都适宜的情况下，才可能出现开花现象。	The scientific name for the money tree is “Malabar Chestnut”, a tropical plant native to Mexico. It performs best in warm and damp conditions, and its flowers will only bloom under appropriate conditions such as sunlight, water and nutriments.
即使在热带条件适宜的野外，发财树开花也属罕见，曾有“开花率仅千分之一”的说法。	Even in the wild where tropical conditions are appropriate, flowers blooming on money trees are rare. It was once said that the “chance of flowers blooming is one in a thousand”.
昨天早上，记者来到南宁市民主路机械厅宿舍，在高阿姨的指引下，记者见到了那棵发财树。	Yesterday morning, reporters visited the Nanning Machinery Office dormitory at Minzhu Road. Led by Aunt Gao, the reporters saw the money tree.
发财树种在小区的花圃里，大约5米高，最粗的树枝周长约30厘米，树叶翠绿茂盛。	Planted amid the flower bed of the housing estate, the money tree was about five meters tall, and the branch circumference, at its thickest, measured approximately 30 cm. Its leaves were emerald green and luxuriant.
花朵开在较高树枝顶端，盛开的花有10多厘米宽，淡黄色的细丝均匀散开，绿色花苞裂开后卷曲在两旁，花蕊细密如银丝，丝头金星点点。	The flowers bloomed at tips of higher branches, and the flowers that were in full bloom were more than 10 cm wide. The delicate pale yellow filaments were evenly spread out, and the green buds, when burst, curled backwards on both sides. The fine and dense stamens resembled silver threads with gold stars at their tips.
高阿姨告诉记者，这棵发财树种了8年了，当时种的时候大约高1米，现在长有5米多了。	Aunt Gao told the reporters that the money tree has been planted for eight years. When it was first planted, it was about one meter tall; it is now more than five meters tall.
这是她儿子从花鸟市场购买回来的盆景，后来种在了花圃里，她也不怎么打理，就是有时候培培土而已。	It was originally a potted plant when her son first bought it from the flower and bird market, and was subsequently planted in the flower bed. She did not have to take particular care of it, but would occasionally earth it up.
在2018年即将到来之际，国家大剧院特别推出了9台11场新年系列音乐会，用曼妙音符陪伴广大观众共迎新年，以动人旋律奏响最诚挚的节日祝福。	With the advent of 2018, the National Centre for the Performing Arts has specially organized nine sets of 11 New Year concerts. Ingenious musical notes accompanied the audience to usher in the New Year, and moving melodies were played offering the most sincere blessings for the festival.
从体育人群的增多、体育事业的发展，到体育产业的兴起，体育运动正在以更强大的号召力，影响着中国社会行进的步伐。	From the increase of sports crowd, the development of sports undertakings to the rise of sports industry, sports is influencing the progressing pace of Chinese society with more powerful appeal.
11月4日，清远华侨工业园管委会副主任潘虹代表清华园与英德市科恒新能源科技有限公司总裁左海波签署《科恒生产基地项目投资建设合同书》。	On November 4, Deputy Director of the management committee of Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Industrial Park (QOCIP), Pan Hong, on behalf of QOCIP, and Zuo Haibo, President of Yingde Kanhoo New Energy and Technology Co., Ltd entered into the “Kanhoo Production Base Investment and Construction Contract”.
该企业正式进驻清华园高科技产业基地，项目选址于清华园高科技产业基地内，主要从事锂离子电池正极材料的生产，预计明年5月进入试产阶段，全面达产后产值超30亿元，并能带动企业上下产业链集聚清华园高科技产业基地，加快产业基地的发展。	The enterprise officially established its plant in Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Hi-Tech Industrial Base, mainly to produce lithium cathode material. Trial production is expected to commence next May. When operating at designed capacity, output value could exceed RMB3 billion, and it could help bring up- and downstream enterprises along the industry chain into Qingyuan Overseas Chinese Hi-Tech Industrial Base, thus accelerating the growth of the Industrial Base.
这两位政府官员称，苹果上个月致信印度政府，阐述了在印度生产iPhone等产品的计划，并希望印度政府能在财政方面出台优惠政策。	These two government officials claimed that Apple sent a letter to the Indian government last month, which set forth its plans to produce iPhone and other products in India, and hoped that the Indian government would introduce preferential policies on the fiscal front.
据市场星报报道，从2005年到2011年，我省GDP一举由中部并列“垫底”升至次席。	Shichang Xingbao reported that between 2005 and 2011, the GDP of Anhui Province rose from joint “bottom” to second at one stroke.
但我省经济增长仍存在投资效率偏低、工业经济缺乏核心竞争力等困境。为此，省经济信息中心最新一期《经济蓝页》建议提高经济增长的质量和效益。	However, the Province’s economic growth continued to experience difficulties such as low investment efficiency, and a lack of core competitiveness in its industrial economy. To this end, the latest issue of the “Economic Blue Paper” of the Province’s Economic Information Center advised raising the quality and benefit of economic growth.
以2005年和2011年我省经济的一些代表性指标为依据，将其与全国及中部地区进行比较。	We have made a comparison of some of the representative indices of the Province’s economy between 2005 and 2011 with that of the nation and Central China.
在工业经济效益上，2011年，在我省占有相当比例的工业能源、原材料等高耗能行业，受市场波动影响较大和产能过剩“双重压力”，同时，家电、汽车等主导产业创新力不足，导致利润微薄。	In 2011, in terms of industrial economic benefit, high energy consumption industries such as industrial energy and raw materials, which comprised a relatively large proportion of the Province, had to endure “twin pressures” - they were significantly affected by market volatility as well as overcapacity. At the same time, home appliances, automotive and other leading industries lacked innovation, resulting in slim profits.
而大量的投资没有带来相应经济效益，是导致我省经济增长质量和效益不高的重要原因。	Meanwhile, enormous investment did not bring about the corresponding economic benefit, which was a key factor leading to poor quality and benefit in economic growth.
对此，专家建议，要采取有效措施鼓励企业创新，高校及科研院所的科技成果也要及时向企业“转移”。	As regards this, experts advised that effective measures should be adopted to incentivize enterprises to innovate. The technical outcomes of Institutions of higher learning and technological research institutes should also be promptly “transferred” to enterprises.
对于工业经济效益不高，专家说，也要积极推动产业兼并重组、优化产业布局、延伸产业链。	As for low industrial economic benefit, experts said that industry merger and reorganization should be actively advanced, industry structure optimized, and the industry chain extended.
傅家俊赛后说，希金斯开局非常完美，自己以为很快就会大比分败北，但随后他还是坚持自我，终于反败为胜。	“Higgins had a very perfect start. I thought I might lose the competition very soon. But I didn’t give up, and finally turn the tables,” said Marco Fu after the match.
从集训时间看，这个时间段正好是各队冬训的关键阶段，队中主力被征战，必然将会对备战训练造成相当大的影响。	Th period of intensive training just meets the key stage of each team’s winter training. With the main force of each team absent, the preparation training will be inevitably affected .
一方面汽车技术经过一百多年的发展，许多技术已经比较成熟；一方面未来汽车的用户体验更多地取决于人机互动，中兴在IT、网络、车联网系统等领域有优势。	Automobile technology has developed for more than a century, and a lot of the technology is fairly mature. However, future auto user experience is more dependent on human-machine interaction. ZTE has advantages in the areas of IT, network, and auto networking systems.
英国总工会 (GMB) 关注针对麦维他公司 (McVitie) 格拉斯哥工厂的投资	GMB concern over investment at McVitie's Glasgow factory
工会希望饼干制造商麦维他公司管理层保证长期致力于在拉斯哥工厂进行生产。	A union is seeking reassurance from managers at biscuit maker McVitie's over its long-term commitment to production at its factory in Glasgow.
英国总工会苏格兰分会称，该公司对托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 工厂投资的未来一直保持沉默。	GMB Scotland said the company had been silent over the future of investment at the Tollcross site.
该工厂有 500 多名员工，生产燕麦饼干 (Hobnobs) 、浓茶饼干 (Rich tea) 等产品。	More than 500 people work at the plant, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits, among other products.
麦维他公司的所有人普拉迪 (Pladis) 斯表示，过去几年来，公司已经向该工厂投资了 500 多万英镑。	McVitie's owner Pladis said it had invested more than £5m at the site in the last few years.
他补充道，如工厂运营有变化，员工和工会代表“会率先知道”。	It added employees and union representatives "will be the first to know" if there were any changes to its operations.
在致公司厂长的信中，英国总工会苏格兰分会呼吁麦维他公司“解决资金未结转到生产线现代化上的问题。”	In a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland called on McVitie's to "address concerns that funding is not being brought forward for the modernisation of production lines."
英国总工会资深主办人德鲁?达菲 (Drew Duffy) 说：“我们无法从工厂总经理那里清楚了解到托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 未来的业务需求和投资计划，这使我们的成员深感担忧。	GMB senior organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the general site manager over the business needs and investment plan for the future of Tollcross is deeply concerning our members.
一代又一代的家族在这里工作，而且本地社区和大格拉斯哥地区劳动力高度集中，是高失业和社会剥夺严重的地区体面就业的重要支柱。	Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, a crucial pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
因此，从就业、薪酬和经济繁荣的角度来看，在英国脱欧，生活成本上涨和制造业长期衰退的背景下，格拉斯哥东部地区迫切需要麦维他不断扩大生产网络。”	So, from the perspective of jobs, pay and prosperity, and against the backdrop of Brexit, rising cost of living and chronic manufacturing decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie's."
普拉迪斯公司的发言人表示：“托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 的厂长昨日刚收到英国总工会苏格兰分会的来信，该公司将会立即进行回复，因为我们重视与雇员和工会代表保持持续接触。	A spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The site manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will be responding directly as we value ongoing engagement with employees and union representatives.
两个月前，我们在托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 与员工和英国总工会代表举行了例会，公开讨论了一些问题。	We had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross two months ago at which a number of issues were discussed openly.
我们与员工进行了讨论，然后，像所有在竞争激烈和经济不明朗的环境中运营的其他公司一样，我们对我们应用于企业和工厂的持续运营模式进行了审查，以便保持竞争力。	We discussed with employees then that like all companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we review our operations on an ongoing basis - and that applies across our all our businesses and sites - in order to remain competitive.
她补充道：“近年来，我们在托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 工厂的投资超过 500 万英镑，特别是在生产线和运营改进方面。	She added: "In recent years, we have invested over £5m in our Tollcross site, notably on production lines and operational improvements.
我们充分认识到托尔克罗斯 (Tollcross) 作为生产基地的历史地位，如我们在该厂的运营业务有任何变化，员工和工会代表将会第一个知道。”	We fully recognise the heritage of Tollcross as a manufacturing site and should there be any changes to our operations at the site, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know."
中新社西藏定日5月11日电(记者陈韬彬)西藏自治区体育局副局长尼玛次仁10日在珠穆朗玛峰北坡大本营表示，今后珠峰北坡的生活垃圾清理将从过去的公益行动走向由中国政府主导、国际各界参与的常态化行为。	China News Service Tibet, May 11 wire (Chen Taobin) Nyima Tsering, Deputy Director of the Tibet Autonomous Region Sports Bureau said at the Everest North Base Camp on the 10th that the cleaning up of domestic waste on the northern slope of Mount Everest will move from a public interest action in the past toward a normalized action led by the Chinese government and in which the international community will participate.
5月10日，环保志愿者们将分类垃圾装入卡车。	On May 10, environmental protection volunteers loaded rubbish that have been sorted onto trucks.
中新社记者何蓬磊摄近十几年来，随着珠峰登山探险者和旅游者急剧增加，山峰所在地的环保问题日益凸显。	China News Service/He Penglei: In the last 10 years or so, environmental protection issues at Mount Everest have become increasingly prominent as the number of Mount Everest explorers and tourists increased significantly.
1997年春，西藏自治区登山协会在珠峰北坡发起第一次清扫活动，清理了一批上世纪六七十年代遗留的氧气瓶等生活垃圾。该视频还在当年的东京世界气候大会上专门播放，引起世界关注。	In the Spring of 1997, the Tibet Autonomous Region Mountaineering Association initiated the first clean-up on the Northern slope of Mount Everest, cleaning up oxygen tanks and other domestic waste left over from the 1960s and 1970s. This video was also specially broadcast at the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Kyoto that year, drawing world attention.
据尼玛次仁介绍，1997年之后，公益团队陆续对珠峰北坡进行过清扫，但参与者大多为非专业人士。	According to Nyima Tsering, after 1997, public interest groups arrived successively to help clean up the Northern slope of Mount Everest, but most of the participants were non-professionals.
巴黎圣日耳曼三年前就警告过巴塞罗那要签走内马尔？	Did PSG warn Barcelona about move for Neymar three years ago?
西甲可能会后悔对马尔科·维拉蒂抛出橄榄枝	La Liga side may rue their interest in Marco Verratti
在提出 1.89 亿英镑报价试图让其行使豁免条款之后，巴黎圣日耳曼不会放弃签入内马尔，但他们在三年前是否警告过巴塞罗那要向这位世界记录突袭者发起进攻？	Paris Saint-Germain will not let up in their pursuit of Neymar after lodging a £189m offer to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona of the world-record raid three years ago?
这个耸人听闻的方法已经打开了夏季转会窗口，法甲俱乐部准备以超过上一次转会记录两倍的价格打破世界转会纪录。保罗·博格巴上赛季返回曼联，金额高达 8900 万英镑。	The sensational approach has lit up the summer transfer window, with the Ligue 1 club ready to break the world transfer record by more than double the previous mark, which saw Paul Pogba return to Manchester United last season for £89m.
一旦转会完成，内马尔将跃升成为世界上身价最高的球员，同时也是世界上薪水最高的职业运动员——巴黎圣日耳曼提供每周超过 50 万英镑的税后薪资。	Once completed, the move will see Neymar become the world's most expensive player and also the highest-paid professional sportsman in the world, with PSG offering wages of over £500,000-a-week after tax.
巴塞罗那对于内马尔的进攻方式以及闯出出路感到愤怒，了解加泰罗尼亚队董事会的消息人士坚持说，2013 年他从桑托斯抵达后，俱乐部一直竭尽全力关照他。	Barcelona are known to be furious with the manner of the approach and the way that Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalans' board insisting that the club have always done their best to look after him since his arrival from Santos in 2013.
但是巴黎圣日耳曼主席三年前曾对足球世界发出过这样的预测吗？	But was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?
当曼城在 2014 年表示有兴趣签约布莱斯·马泰迪时，纳赛尔·阿尔赫莱菲对任何一家想签下巴黎圣日耳曼最佳球员的俱乐部发出过严厉警告。	When Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
“我并不担心，因为他们知道如果他们接触我们的任何一位球员，我们必将与他们针锋相对，我们也会联系他们的球员，” 阿尔赫莱菲说。	"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.
“我们尊重所有俱乐部。	"We respect all clubs.
但如果他们试图签约我们的球员，那他们也要自食恶果。”	But if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."
今年夏天早些时候，这家西班牙俱乐部似乎越线了，巴塞罗那向巴黎圣日耳曼中场球员马尔科·维拉蒂抛出了橄榄枝。	Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
巴黎圣日耳曼明确表示，他们无论如何都不会允许这位意大利国脚离开，而巴塞罗那很可能会因为失去阵中天才内马尔而倍受影响。	PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.
本报讯记者王轶辰报道：由国家电网公司与国际电工委员会联合主办的新能源发展与技术国际研讨会日前在德国法兰克福举行。	By staff reporter Wang Yichen: The International Conference on Renewable Energy Development and Technology jointly organized by State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC) and the International Electrotechnical Commission was held in Frankfurt, Germany recently.
当前，加快新能源发展、推动能源清洁低碳转型，已成为全球趋势。	At present, accelerating the development of renewable energy, and advancing transformation toward clean and low-carbon energy have become a global trend.
而新能源的大规模开发利用，还有系统安全性问题、远距离输送问题、技术经济性问题等许多难题和挑战需要面对和解决。	However, large-scale development and use of renewable energy continued to be assailed by system security, long-distance delivery, technology economic and other issues and challenges that need to be confronted and resolved.
国家电网公司董事长舒印彪透露，国家电网公司正在规划扩大同步电网规模，加强现有区域电网互联，到2020年将跨区输电能力提高到3亿千瓦左右。	SGCC Chairman Shu Yinbiao revealed that the company was in the process of planning to expand the size of the synchronous power grid so as to strengthen the existing regional power grid interconnection. By 2020, inter-regional power transmission capacity will increase to about 300 million kW.
本报讯记者8月上旬获悉，今年上半年，据了解，全国“三北”风电集中地区，弃风比较普遍。	Our staff reporter learned at the beginning of August that in the first half of the year, it was understood that operations of certain wind turbines being suspended in wind farms was a fairly common phenomenon in the “three northern” wind power regions.
盐城风电、光伏等新能源占江苏的70%，沿海发展新能源，当地生产当地消费，在盐城显示了巨大的优势和潜力。	Yancheng’s renewable energy such as wind power and PV, accounts for 70% of Jiangsu’s total. Renewable energy developed along the coast is produced and consumed locally, and has displayed enormous advantages and potential in Yancheng.
1月3日消息：记者昨日从广州市花市办获悉，2008年的迎春花市将于近日开始招投标。	January 3 news: Reporters learned from the Guangzhou Flower Market Office yesterday that the Spring Festival flower market will begin receiving bids for the 2008 Spring Festival flower market soon.
花都区于上月29、30日分别进行了桔位和花位的招投标。	Huadu District held tenders for the tangerine and flower booths on the 29th and 30th last month, respectively.
越秀区档案馆正在组织和收集数百张历史性的迎春花市的老照片(拍摄年代都距今五六十年之久)，定于2008年1月8日在越秀区文化艺术中心进行公开的展览，在1月底花市开始进行搭建时，这批老照片将移至北京路广百小广场进行展览。	Guangzhou Yuexiu Archives Bureau is organizing and collecting hundreds of historic old photos of Spring Festival flower markets (photographed some 50 to 60 years ago), and will publicly exhibit them at the Yuexiu Culture Artistic Center on January 8, 2008. When the flower markets are being constructed at the end of January, the exhibition of these old photos will be moved to Grandbuy Department Store at Beijing Road.
另外，越秀区文化局还将举办一期花市论坛，邀请广州市的老领导、社会民俗专家、社会名流、北京路的老街坊等一起畅谈北京路西湖路花市的历史及未来的发展。	Elsewhere, the Cultural Bureau of Yuexiu District will also hold a flower market forum, and will invite old Guangzhou leaders, folklore experts, celebrities, old residents of Beijing Road and others to come together to talk about the history and future development of Beijing Road and West Lake Road flower markets.
届时，花市论坛将联系网络媒体进行网上直播，同步与市民进行互动。	The flower market forum will contact Internet media to carry out online broadcast, and will conduct live interaction with residents.
此外，还开通网上花市，利用小区信息网络，为进入北京路商圈和西湖路花市游览购物的市民发送有关花市的介绍短信，并可以利用手机上网来流览“网上花市”。	In addition, online flower markets will be made accessible. By using the information networks of housing estates, brief introductions and messages about the flower markets will be sent to residents who intend to visit and shop at the Beijing Road business district and West Lake Road flower market. Residents may browse the “online flower markets” on their mobile phones.
2015年禁用死囚器官当年，中国公民逝世后捐献器官2776例，完成10057例器官移植手术，刷新了历史纪录。	In 2015, the year when harvesting the organs of death row inmates was forbidden, there were 2,776 cases of organ donations from Chinese citizens upon death, and 10,057 organ transplant surgeries performed, setting a new record.
以往《临川四梦》，基本都是以昆曲的形式呈现在戏曲舞台上的，而被改编成话剧演出，这还是第一次。	In the past, the “Four Dreams of Linchuan” would be performed on stage in the Kunqu style. The performance of this piece after it was adapted into a play, is a first.
决赛面对傅家俊，希金斯上来就连续三杆破百，取得4-1的领先。	In the finals against Marco Fu, Higgins scored three consecutive shots and got a 4-1 lead.
“四川造”新能源汽车逆势上行财政补贴力度减弱、充电设施普及率不高、三元锂电池暂停在新能源客车上使用，面对国内新能源汽车市场当前的上行压力	“Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide. Weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles; in the face of prevailing upward pressures in the domestic renewable energy automobile market
11月3日—6日，在第十六届中国西部国际博览会（以下简称“西博会”）第一阶段展览中，成都、南充、雅安等6个市州纷纷展示在先进制造业方面的发展成果，其中新能源汽车崭露锋芒，新品迭出，引起业界的广泛关注。	In the Phase I exhibition of the 16th Western China International Fair (hereinafter referred to as “WCIF”), which was held between November 3 and 6, six cities and prefectures including Chengdu, Nanchong and Ya’an, exhibited their development achievements in the advanced manufacturing sector. Renewable energy vehicles shone in particular, with the launch of various new vehicles, attracting widespread attention in the industry.
当前，随着新能源汽车财政补贴力度减弱、充电设施普及率不高、三元锂电池暂停在新能源客车上使用，国内新能源汽车市场出现暂时的上行压力。	At present, the domestic renewable energy automobile market is temporarily under pressure because of weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries being suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles.
然而，“四川造”新能源汽车却逆势上行，大举进军乘用车和商用车细分市场，底气何在？	However, “Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide, and have made major forays into the passenger and commercial vehicle sub-markets. Why so confident?
本报记者赵泽宇现状：集中力量培育“尖子生”近期，“四川造”新能源汽车产业新闻不断。	Staff reporter Zhao Zeyu. Current situation: Focus on developing “top students” “Made In Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles have dominated the news lately.
在完成收购东风南充汽车有限公司后不到8个月时间，10月26日，吉利控股集团（以下简称“吉利集团”）旗下的全新商用车品牌“远程”在成都首发，旗下首款搭载智能车联网平台的纯电动轻卡远程E200首次亮相西博会。	Less than eight months after acquiring Dongfeng Nanchong Automobile Co., Ltd., Geely Holding Group’s (hereinafter referred to “Geely Group”) brand new commercial vehicle brand “Yuan Cheng” made its debut on October 26. Yuan Cheng E200, Geely Group's first pure electric light truck equipped with a smart auto networking platform premiered at WCIF.
值得一提的是，在今年的企业工资指导线涨幅多为持平或下降的情况下，北京和贵州的下线有所提高。	It is worth mentioning that under circumstances where the rate of growth of the enterprise wage guidelines this year was mainly flat or down, the minimum threshold in Beijing and Guizhou was raised.
新华社伦敦1月9日电（记者王子江）英国体育理事会9日公布了下个月参加韩国平昌冬奥会的目标：赢得至少5块奖牌，这是英国代表团参加冬奥会历史上“最宏伟的”目标。	Xinhua News Agency London January 9 wire (Reporter Wang Zijiang) On the 9th, UK Sport announced Great Britain’s target for next month’s Winter Olympics to be held in PyeongChang, South Korea: Win at least five medals. This would Team GB’s “best ever” target in the history of the Winter Olympics.
英国体育理事会负责各个奥运会项目资金的划拨，当然也负责给各个项目下达夺牌目标。	UK Sport is responsible for allocating funds to the various Olympic events, and for setting the medal targets for each event.
据推算，英国运动员有希望冲击奖牌的项目来自单板滑雪、冰壶、钢架雪车和短道速滑等。	It is predicted that events UK athletes have hopes of winning a medal are snowboarding, curling, skeleton and short track speed skating.
在过去一个冬奥会周期内，英国体育理事会为冬奥会项目划拨了总共3200万英镑（约合2.8亿元人民币）的训练经费，比索契冬奥会周期翻了一倍。	In the last Winter Olympic cycle, UK Sport has allocated a total of GBP32 million (approximately RMB280 million) to fund training for the Winter Olympic Game events, doubled that of the funding for the Sochi Winter Olympic cycle.
这些钱大部分来自国家彩票，剩下的来自国家财政。	Most of the funding was sourced from the National Lottery, with the balance funded by the government.
英国夺金的希望主要寄托在两人身上，一个是去年世界短道速滑锦标赛三金得主爱丽丝·克里斯蒂，另外一个是上届的女子钢架雪车冠军利兹·亚诺德。	The UK has pinned its hopes for the gold medal on two people - short track speed skater Elise Christie, a triple gold medalist at last year’s world championships, and Lizzy Yarnold, the previous skeleton Olympic champion.
2014年索契冬奥会，英国代表团取得了1金1银2铜的战绩，这是自1924年首届冬奥会之后，他们取得的最好战绩。	At the Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014, Team GB won one gold, one silver and two bronzes, the best tally since the inaugural Winter Olympics in 1924.
张光军被任命为广东省副省长。	Zhang Guangjun was appointed as the Vice Governor of Guangdong Province.
广东省十三届人大常委会第五次会议30日在广州举行第二次全体会议。	The fifth meeting of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People’s Congress of Guangdong Province held its second plenary meeting in Guangzhou on the 30th.
会议经表决，决定任命张光军为广东省人民政府副省长。	After voting, the meeting decided to appoint Zhang Guangjun as the Vice Governor of the Guangdong Provincial People’s Government.
此前，张光军任中国工程物理研究院党委副书记。	Previously, Zhang Guangjun was the Eeputy Secretary of the Party Committee of the China Academy Of Engineering Physics.
张光军同志简历：张光军，男，汉族，1968年2月生，重庆人，1994年4月入党，1991年7月参加工作，哈尔滨工业大学无线电工程系电子仪器及测量技术专业毕业，大学学历，高级工程师，享受国务院政府特殊津贴专家。	Resume of Comrade Zhang Guangjun: Zhang Guangjun, male, Han nationality, born in February 1968, Chongqing native, joined the Party in April 1994, joined the work in July 1991, graduated from the Department of Radio Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology, majored in Electronic Instrumentation and Measurement Technology, university degree, senior engineer, expert who enjoys special government allowance from the State Council.
现任广东省政府副省长、党组成员。	He is now the Vice Governor and member of the leading Party group of the Guangdong Provincial Government.
1987―1991年哈尔滨工业大学无线电工程系电子仪器及测量技术专业学习	From 1987-1991, he studied in the Electronic Instrumentation and Measurement Technology of Radio Engineering Department, Harbin Institute of Technology
1991―1998年中国工程物理研究院总体工程研究所技术员，室副主任，室党支部书记、副主任	From 1991-1998, he was the technician of the General Engineering Research Institute of China Academy of Engineering Physics, Deputy Director of the office, secretary and Deputy Director of the Party branch office
1998―2002年中国工程物理研究院总体工程研究所副所长、党委副书记(其间：1999.05―2000.12兼任研究所纪委书记，2001.09―2001.12四川省委党校地厅级干部进修班学习)	From 1998 - 2002, he served as Deputy Director of the General Engineering Research Institute of China Academy of Engineering Physics and Deputy Secretary of the party committee (during the period: form 1999.05 - 2000.12, he concurrently served as Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of the Institute, and from 2001.09 - 2001.12, he went to the Sichuan Provincial Party School’s local department level leaders training class to study.)
2002―2002年中国工程物理研究院总体工程研究所党委书记、副所长(其间：2002.03―2004.05复旦大学管理学院管理科学与工程专业研究生课程进修班学习)	Frome 2002 - 2002, he was the Party Committee Secretary and Deputy Director of the General Engineering Research Institute of China Academy of Engineering Physics (during the period: from 2002.03 - 2004.05, he went ot study the postgraduate course of Management Science and Engineering in the School of Management of Fudan University.)
2002―2009年中国工程物理研究院政治部主任、党委办公室主任、党校副校长(其间：2005.09―2006.01中央党校中青年干部培训班学习)	From 2002 - 2009, he was Director of the Political Department of the China Academy of Engineering Physics, the Director of the Party Committee Office, and the Vice President of the Party School (during the period: from 2005.09 - 2006.01, he went to the Central Party School’s training course for young leaders.)
2009―2014年中国工程物理研究院重大专项管理办公室主任(其间：2011.09―2012.01中央党校中青年干部培训班学习)	From 2009 - 2014, he was Director of the Major Special Projects Management Office of the China Academy of Engineering Physics (during the period: from 2011.09 - 2012.01, he went to the Central Party School’s training course for young leaders.)
2014―2015年中国工程物理研究院院长助理、重大工程管理办公室主任	Frome 2014 - 2015, he was the assistant to the dean of the China Academy of Engineering Physics and the Director of the Major Special Projects Management Office.
2015―2018年中国工程物理研究院党委副书记	From 2015 - 2018, he was the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of the China Academy Of Engineering Physics
2018年9月任广东省政府副省长、党组成员	2018 September, he was appointed as the Vice Governor and member of the leading Party group of the Guangdong Provincial Government
据英媒称，美国海军作战副部长威廉・莫兰上将说，即便美国海军正在重振力量以便在大西洋两岸应对日益令人担忧的俄罗斯时，美国仍继续把亚太地区 ― ― 五角大楼把该地区的范围扩大到包括印度洋-亚洲-太平洋 ― ― 作为海军的重点。	According to the UK media, Admiral William Moran, the deputy director of Naval Operations, said that even though the US Navy was reinvigorating to cope with the increasingly worrying Russia on both sides of the Atlantic, the United States would continue to take the Asia-Pacific region as the focus of its navy -- the Pentagon had expanded the scope of Asia-Pacific region to include the Indian Ocean - Asia - the Pacific.
据英国《简氏防务周刊》网站9月24日报道，美国在年初公布的新国防战略中把中俄列为战略竞争对手。	According to the reports from the site of "Jane's Defence Weekly" on September 24, China and Russia were classified as the strategic competitors in the new national defense strategy, which was announced by the United States at the beginning of the year.
此后，美国海军恢复了第二舰队，以便更直接地对抗俄罗斯的活动。	Then, the US Navy recommissioned the Second Fleet to stand up against the Russian activities more directly.
报道称，这些举动在盟友和分析人士中引发一些质疑和担忧，他们担心美国海军可能会远离标志着奥巴马政府的“亚太再平衡”战略。	It was reported that these actions raised some doubts and concerns among its allies and analysts. They were afraid that the US Navy might go far away from the strategy of "Rebalancing toward Asia-Pacific", which marked the Obama administration.
但莫兰上将说，美国海军的重点仍然是西太平洋。	However, Admiral William Moran said that the focus of the US Navy would still focus on the West Pacific.
2018年1月24日在美国国家亚洲研究局在华盛顿主办的名为“应对公海挑战”的圆桌讨论会上，他说 ： “ 对我们来说，没有发生重大变化 。 ”	At the round-table discussion, which was hosted by National Bureau of Asian Research in Washington on January 24, 2018, he said: "For us, there are any significant changes. "
莫兰说 ： “ 重点仍然是再平衡、重心转移或不管你想怎么描述它 。 ”	Moran said: "The focus remains on rebalancing, shifting focus or whatever you want to describe it. "
不过他承认，美国与欧洲关系密切。	But he admitted that the United States kept close relations with Europe.
他说 ： “ 我们将继续关注西海岸的增长，并平衡我们能做的 。 ”	He said: "We would continue to focus on the growth of the West Coast. "
虽然莫兰指出有关俄罗斯的总体政策属于美国国防部长的职权范围，但他警告说 ： “ 俄罗斯人可能面临人口和经济上的挑战，但历史证明，如果我们与他们发生冲突，他们会非常强硬 。 ”	Although he pointed out that the overall policy about Russia fell within the terms of reference of the United States Secretary of Defense, he warned: "The Russians might face the demographic and economic challenges, but the history demonstrates that they will become very tough if we have a conflict with them. "
莫兰上将说，作为美国对抗俄罗斯、中国和其他竞争者的东山再起行动的一部分，美国海军正在动态地把部队部署成一个“新的作战模式 ” ， 这将有助于让对手对美国航母战斗群或其他资产在任何特定时间和地点将部署在哪里措手不及。	Admiral Moran said that as a part of the comeback action to fight against Russia, China and other competitors, the US Navy was dynamically deploying the troops into a "new campaign mode". This would help to make the opponents unaware unprepared for the deployments of the American aircraft carrier battle group or other assets at any specified time and place.
他说 ： “ 我们海军和海军陆战队支持它 ― ― 作战不可预测性的概念，不要一次又一次地出现在同一个地方，几乎像发条一样 ― ― 这是我们的做法 。 ”	He said: "Our Navy and Marine Corps support it -- the concept of unpredictable battle. We should not show up at the same place again and again like clockwork. -- This is our approach. "
报道称，最早尝试这种新做法的是“哈里・杜鲁门”号航母战斗群，该战斗群的早期部署包括对港口的工作访问以及在通常只通过的区域进行巡逻。	It was reported that the first to try this new approach was the "Harry Truman" aircraft carrier battle group, and its early deployment included the working visits to ports and the patrols in areas, where it usually only passed.
莫兰说，目前美国海军正在努力确保盟友知道这些军舰仍将在传统区域巡逻，并且还在为新的部署程序解决后勤和家庭联络问题。	Moran said that the US Navy was currently trying to ensure its allies to know that these warships would still patrol in the traditional areas, and solving the logistical problems and family liaison problems for new deployment process.
澳大利亚皇家海军司令迈克尔・努南中将也在这次活动中发表讲话，称澳大利亚军队可以与美国的航母战斗群无缝合作。	Vice Admiral Michael Noonan, the Commander of Royal Australian Navy, also delivered a speech in this event to indicate that the Australian army could seamlessly cooperate with the American aircraft carrier battle group.
他说，随着澳大利亚皇家海军计划再采购9艘配备“宙斯盾”作战系统的护卫舰，这种情况还将继续。	He said that this situation would continue as the Royal Australian Navy had planned to purchase another 9 frigates with the "Aegis" combat system.
10月5日起多家航空公司上调或恢复燃油附加费 下周五起飞机出行要加钱了	From October 5, many airlines will raise or resume fuel surcharges. From next Friday, traveling by air will ask for raises.
昨天，祥鹏航空、奥凯航空等航空公司对外宣布，自2018年10月5日（出票日期）起，国内航线燃油附加费800公里（含）以下航线每位旅客收取20元燃油附加费，800公里以上航线每位旅客收取30元燃油附加费。	Yesterday, Lucky Air, Okay Airways and other airlines announced that from October 5, 2018 (the date of issue), each passenger will be charged for 20 yuan and 30 yuan fuel surcharge for domestic routes below 800 km (including) and above 800 km respectively.
祥鹏航空、奥凯航空等公司宣布，自2018年10月5日零点（出票日期）起，800公里（含）以下国内航线燃油附加费收取标准由10元/人上涨至20元/人，800公里以上国内航线燃油附加费收取标准由每位旅客10元/人上涨至30元/人。	Lucky Air, Okay Airways and other companies announced that starting from 0:00 on October 5, 2018 (the date of issue), the fuel surcharge for domestic routes below 800 km (including) will increase from 10 yuan/person to 20 yuan/person. And the fuel surcharge for domestic routes above 800 kilometers will be increased from 10 yuan/person to 30 yuan/person.
儿童、军警残均为10元/人；婴儿继续免收。	Children, military, police and disabled are 10 yuan/person; infants continue to be free.
据携程机票相关负责人表示，航空公司在通知中已注明，燃油附加费的收取以原始出票日期为准，换开客票时，燃油附加费不退不补。	According to the relevant responsible person of the Ctrip flight tickets, the airline has indicated in the notice that the fuel surcharge will be charged according to the original ticket issue date. When the passenger ticket is exchanged, the fuel surcharge will not be refunded and compensated.
这意味着10月5日以前出票的国内航线客票，如果要变更至10月5日（含）以后，不用按新标准补交燃油附加费。	This means that if the domestic route ticket issued before October 5th is changed to after October 5th (including), the fuel surcharge will not be paid according to the new standard.
自2018年6月5日，国航、东航、海航、上海航空、春秋航空、深圳航空、西部航空、奥凯航空等多家航空公司恢复收取已取消3年的国内航线燃油附加费，收取标准为10元/人。	From June 5, 2018, Air China, China Eastern Airlines, Hainan Airlines, Shanghai Airlines, Spring Airlines, Shenzhen Airlines, West Air, Okay Airways and other airlines resumed charging fuel surcharges for domestic routes that have been cancelled for three years. The charging standard is 10 yuan/person.
此次，祥鹏航空、奥凯航空率先宣布上调燃油附加费，截至记者发稿，还未见到国内4大航空宣布跟进调整的消息。	For this time, Lucky Air and Okay Airways took the lead in announcing the increase of fuel surcharges. As of press time, we have not seen the news that the four major domestic airlines announced follow-up adjustments.
另据了解，香港民航处规定，航空公司可于11月起自行决定是否收取燃油附加费。	It is also reported that the Civil Aviation Department of Hong Kong stipulates that airlines may decide whether to collect fuel surcharges from November.
国泰航空9月27日最早宣布，将于11月2日起重收燃油附加费。	Cathay Pacific announced on September 27 that it will charge the fuel surcharge on November 2 again.
国泰航空网站显示，所有国泰及国泰港龙航空于11月2日或以后签发或重新签发的机票，将包含燃油附加费，长途来往香港及西南太平洋地区、北美、欧洲、中东及印度地区、非洲的航班，燃油附加费为652元，短途航班则收取146元。	The Cathay Pacific website shows that all tickets issued or re-issued by Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon on or after November 2 will include fuel surcharges for long distance travel to and from Hong Kong and the Southwest Pacific, North America, Europe, Middle East and India, Africa. and the fuel surcharge is 652 yuan. The fuel surcharge for short-haul flights is 146 yuan.
费用适用于所有票种，按每一个航段计算，并包含在国泰所有直销渠道的机票报价。	The fee applies to all ticket types and will be calculated on a per-segment basis, including quotes for all direct channel flights from Cathay Pacific.
在中华人民共和国成立69周年前夕，中国国务院总理李克强30日下午在人民大会堂会见29国和地区新任驻华使节。	On the eve of the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang met with the newly-appointed diplomatic envoys stationed in China of the 29 countries and regions in the Great Hall of the People on the afternoon of the 30th.
李克强同各位驻华使节一一握手、亲切交谈。	Li Keqiang shook hands and had cordial talks with the diplomatic envoys stationed in China.
李克强欢迎使节们来华履新，并请他们转达对各有关国家领导人和人民、有关机构领导人的诚挚问候和美好祝愿。	Li Keqiang welcomed the envoys to take their new posts in China and asked them to convey the sincere greetings and best wishes to the leaders and people of the countries concerned and the leaders of the relevant institutions.
李克强积极评价中国同各国和地区的良好关系，强调中方致力于增进双边政治互信，深化务实合作，加强在国际和地区事务中的协调配合，希望使节们多走走、多看看，在新的岗位上为推动中国同各自国家、地区关系发展作出新的积极贡献。	Li Keqiang spoke highly of China’s good relations with countries and regions, and stressed that China is committed to enhancing bilateral political mutual trust, deepening pragmatic cooperation, strengthening coordination and cooperation in international and regional affairs, and hoped that the envoys will walk more and see more to make new positive contributions to promoting the development of relations between China and its respective countries and regions through their new posts.
中国政府愿为使节们履职提供便利和支持。	The Chinese government is willing to facilitate and support the performance of the envoys.
李克强指出，中国坚持走和平发展道路，坚定不移推进经济全球化。	Li Keqiang pointed out that China adheres to the path of peaceful development and constantly promotes economic globalization.
今年是中国改革开放40周年，作为世界上最大的发展中国家，我们愿在进一步扩大开放中同各国实现共同发展。	On the occasion of the 40th anniversary of China’s reform and opening up, as the largest developing country in the world, we are willing to achieve common development with other countries in the further expansion of opening up.
在保护主义、单边主义抬头的背景下，我们愿同各方一道，继续本着相互尊重、平等互利原则，不断巩固和加强伙伴关系，推动对接发展战略，本着共商共建共享原则推动“一带一路”建设合作，携手捍卫多边主义和自由贸易，共建开放型世界经济，为促进世界经济稳定均衡发展注入新的动力。	Under the background of protectionism and unilateralism rising, we are willing to work with all parties to continue to consolidate and strengthen partnerships based on the principles of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit to promote the strategy of complementary development, and drive the "One Belt One Road" construction cooperation based on the principle of discussion and collaboration and sharing to defend multilateralism and free trade together, jointly build an open world economy to inject new impetus to promote the stable and balanced development of the world economy.
各国和机构驻华使节热烈祝贺中华人民共和国成立69周年，转达了各自国家和机构领导人对中国领导人和人民的问候，并表示，中国发展成就卓著，相信未来进一步深化改革、扩大开放将为世界带来更多发展机遇。	The diplomatic envoys stationed in China from countries and organizations warmly congratulated the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, conveyed the greetings of the leaders of their respective countries and institutions to the Chinese leaders and people, and said that China has made outstanding achievements in development and believed that further deepening reforms in the future and expanding opening up will bring more development opportunities for the world.
愿为推动各自国家和地区同中国的友好合作、更好实现互利共赢发挥积极作用。	The diplomatic envoys stationed in China are willing to play an active role in promoting friendly cooperation between China and other countries and regions and achieving mutual benefit and win-win results.
随后，各国和机构驻华使节应李克强邀请出席了国庆招待会。	Subsequently, the envoys of countries and institutions stationed in China were invited by Li Keqiang to attend the National Day reception.
国务委员兼外交部长王毅出席活动。	State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the event.
日本伊藤忠商事周五在对中国中信股份的投资认列13亿美元的减值损失，因受到中国和美国贸易紧张影响而对其这笔最大的企业投资交易进行减记。	Itochu recognized $1.3 billion impairment losses to the investment on CITIC Limited on Friday. Write-downs of this largest enterprise investment was made due to influences of tense China-US trade.
2016年5月，日本东京，一名男子走过丸红株式会社总部。	In May 2016, a man passed by the headquarter of Marubeni Corporation in Tokyo, Japan.
丸红则表示，贸易战冲击旗下美国谷物部门高鸿 ， 其已暂停在农业方面的金融交易。	Marubeni said that the trade war struck Gavilon, the subordinate American cereal department, which has suspended financial transactions in agriculture.
之前日本一些重型设备制造商、电信公司等在公布最新业绩时，已对中美贸易摩擦的影响发出警告，如今这些日本贸易商社也加入了这一行列。	Previously, some Japanese manufacturers of heavy equipment and telecommunications companies have warned about the impact of China-US trade frictions when announcing their latest performance, and now these Japanese traders have joined the ranks.
美国和中国对对方数千亿美元商品互征关税，美国总统特朗普威胁，若争端不能解决，要将征税范围扩大至全部逾5,000亿美元中国输美商品。	The United States and China have imposed tariffs on each other's goods with the price of hundreds of billions of dollars. President Trump threatened to expand the scope of the tariff to more than $500 billion of goods imported from China if the dispute could not be resolved.
伊藤忠商事财务长Tsuyoshi Hachimura称，明年贸易争端对中国经济的影响可能更大。	Tsuyoshi Hachimura, the Chief Financial Officer of Itochu, said that the trade dispute might have greater impact on Chinese economy next year.
伊藤忠商事与泰国卜蜂集团在2015年向中信投资100亿美元，获得其20%的股权。	Itochu and Charoen Pokphand Group invested $10 billion to CITIC in 2015, gaining 20% stock equity.
Hachimura称，伊藤忠商事对这部分持股提列1,433亿日圆(13亿美元)损失，因认为中信股价近期不会回升。	Hachimura said that Itochu proposed 143.3 billion yen ($1.3 billion) losses to this part of share holdings since it considered the share price of CITIC not to rise again.
伊藤忠商事维持对2019年3月31日止财年的获利预测在5,000亿日圆。	Itochu maintains its profit prediction of 500 billion yen of the financial year ended 31 March, 2019.
中国7月时对美国大豆加征25%进口关税，以反制华府在贸易摩擦中的举措。	China imposed a 25% import tariff on the soybeans imported from America in July, to counter the initiatives of Washington on trade frictions.
“我们的谷物业务已受到美中贸易摩擦的打击 ， ” 丸红财务长矢部延弘说。	"Our cereal business has been struck by China-US trade frictions," the Chief Financial Officer of Itochu Nobuhiro Yabe said.
他表示，高鸿自9月起已停止本身帐户的金融交易。	He said that Gavilon has terminated the financial transaction of its account since September.
高鸿发言人Pat Burke周五在声明稿中指出，该公司此举是“依照内部政策限制，且因缺乏市场机会 。 ”	Pat Burke, the spokesman of Gavilon, pointed out in the statement on Friday that the action of this company was "in the light of internal policy limits and due to lack of market opportunities. "
他也表示，金融交易的暂停将不会导致就业岗位减少。	He also said that the suspension of financial transactions would not lead to reduction of employment positions.
丸红维持2,300亿日圆的年度获利预估不变，受助于纸浆与造纸以及发电业务。	Itochu maintained its annual profit prediction of 230 billion yen, helped by pulp, papermaking and power generation.
住友商事周四公布4月至9月期间获利增长16 % ， 强调“美国与中国的贸易问题导致前景不明 。 ”	Sumitomo published its profit increase by 16% from April to September on Thursday, emphasizing that "the trade problems between America and China lead to uncertainty. "
三菱商事周五将年度获利预估上调至纪录水准，归因于焦煤产量增加，及石油与煤炭等大宗商品价格上涨。	Mitsubishi Corporation made up-regulation of its annual profit prediction to the record level on Friday due to increased production of coking coal and increasing prices of oil, coal and other bulk commodity.
三菱商事还宣布新业务计划，力争在截至2022年3月31日的财年获利由今年预估的6,400亿日圆提升到9,000亿日圆(79.8亿美元 ) 。	Mitsubishi Corporation also announced its new business plan, aiming to increase profits in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 from estimated 640 billion yen this year to 900 billion yen ($7.98 billion)
中新网11月5日电 综合报道，美国中期选举投票已进入倒计时。	Report on November 5 of China News A round-up report: the U.S. midterm election starts counting down.
11月4日，总统特朗普与民主党对手向他们的核心选民积极“催票 ” 。	On November 4, President Trump and his democratic opponents actively "drum up votes" on their core voters.
两大党都指出，选民投票率将是左右选情的关键。	Both Parties indicated that voter turnout will be a key factor to influence the situation of election.
据报道，在美国民众投票前的48小时，特朗普忙着出席共和党候选人的造势场合，前总统奥巴马则到印第安纳州，为选情告急的民主党联邦参议院候选人唐诺利(Joe Donnelly)站台，并向群众喊出选前最后诉求。	According to the report, in 48 hours before the Americans went to vote, Trump was busy attending the rally for the Republican candidate, while the former President Obama just arrived in Indiana to rally for Joe Donnelly, the Democratic candidate of the Federal Senate, who asked for emergency help for the situation of election, and to shout out his final pre-election appeal.
11月4日，特朗普到乔治亚州梅岗为共和党州长候选人坎普(Brian Kemp)站台，他说 ： “ 周二你必须到投票所，你必须投票 。 ”	On November 4, Trump went to Maycomb, Georgia to rally for Brian Kemp, the state governor of Republicans. He said, "you must go to the polls and cast a vote. "
“这场选举的对比不可能更明确了 。 ”	"The contrast in this election cannot be clearer. "
选民的政治热情提升至罕见高峰，部分各州的提前投票已远超往常。	Voters’ political enthusiasm has boosted to a rare peak and early voting of some states has been far more than usual.
历任美国总统面临第一次期中选举，他所属政党的国会议员席次往往会减少。	When successive American presidents face their first midterm elections, their parties tend to have fewer members of congress.
据《华盛顿邮报》和美国广播公司新闻网(ABC News)4日公布的新民调显示，虽然民主党的联邦众议院选情仍保持优势，但共和党人可从经济评估及特朗普对边界安全的严格关注中获益。	According to the new poll released by the "Washington Post" and the ABC News on Day 4, although the Democratic situation of election for the House of Representatives maintains an advantage, the Republicans could benefit from an economic assessment and Trump's strict focus on border security.
民调显示，登记选民喜欢民主党众议院候选人多于共和党人，比例是50%对43 % ， 但相较8月领先14个百分点仍有所下滑。	The poll indicates that more registered voters like the Democratic candidate of the House of Representatives than the Republican candidate with proportion of 50% versus 43%. However, it still falls down compared with leading of 14 percentage points in August.
美国国家广播公司(NBC)和《华尔街日报》做的另一份民调也显示，民主党人仍领先共和党人7个百分点。	According to the other poll made by NBC and the Wall Street Journal, the Democrats still take 7 percentage points ahead of the Republicans.
据悉，奥巴马在参议员唐诺利的造势场合向群众表示 ： “ 当人们不说实话，当言语不再代表任何事情，那必然会有恶果。	It is reported that Obama told the crowds at a rally for Senator Donnelly, "When people don't tell the truth, and words don't mean anything anymore, that's going to have evil consequences.
当人们只能自暴自弃地说谎，民主就无法奏效 。 ”	Democracy does not work when people can only desperately tell lies. "
“现在能制止这些共和党人行为的唯一方法，就是你和你的选票 。 ”	"Now, the only way to stop the behaviors of these Republicans is you and your vote. "
民主党在参议院面临数十年来最艰困的选情，目前共和党掌握过半的51席。	The Democrats face the toughest situation of election in the Senate for decades, and now the Republicans hold more than half (51) of seats.
但众议院选情较为有利，民主党需要再赢得23席便能掌控拥有435席的众议院。	However, the situation of election in the House of Representatives is relatively advantageous, and the Democrats need to win 23 seats to take control of 435 seats of the House of Representatives.
据预测选情网站FiveThirtyEight.com的分析师预估，民主党赢得众议院的可能性高达85 % 。	According to the assessment of analysts from FiveThirtyEight.com, a website for predicting the situation of election, the possibility that the Democrats win the House of Representatives can reach up to 85%.
全国政协召开习近平总书记关于加强和改进人民政协工作的重要思想理论研讨会 汪洋出席并讲话。	A symposium is held by the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) on the important thoughts of General Secretary Xi Jinping, on enhancing and improving the work of people’s political consultative conference. Wang Yang made a statement at the symposium.
全国政协29日至30日在京召开习近平总书记关于加强和改进人民政协工作的重要思想理论研讨会。	A symposium is held by the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) on the important thoughts of General Secretary Xi Jinping, on enhancing and improving the work of people’s political consultative conference, in Beijing, on September 29 and 30, 2018.
中共中央政治局常委、全国政协主席汪洋出席会议并讲话。	Wang Yang, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Chairman of the CPPCC National Committee, made a statement at the symposium.
他强调，习近平总书记关于加强和改进人民政协工作的重要思想，深刻阐明了人民政协的地位作用、目标任务、职责使命、实践要求，科学回答了一系列方向性、全局性、战略性重大问题，是指引新时代人民政协工作的强大思想武器。	He emphasized that General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important thoughts on enhancing and improving the work of people’s political consultative conference has profoundly clarified the positions and functions, objectives and tasks, missions and practical requirements of the CPPCC and scientifically replied a series of directional, overall and strategic issues, which is a powerful ideological weapon guiding the work of the CPPCC in the new era.
要认真学习贯彻这一重要思想，把握其重大意义、丰富内涵和精神实质，切实在学懂弄通做实上下功夫，以理论学习、思想武装促进政协工作质量提升，切实担负起新时代人民政协的新使命。	It is necessary to conscientiously study and implement this important ideology, grasp its great significance, rich connotation and spiritual essence, earnestly work hard to learn and understand, and promote the quality of CPPCC work with theoretical study and ideological armed, and earnestly shoulder the new missions in new era of the CPPCC.
9月29日至30日，全国政协在北京召开习近平总书记关于加强和改进人民政协工作的重要思想理论研讨会。	A symposium is held by the National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) on the important thoughts of General Secretary Xi Jinping, on enhancing and improving the work of people’s political consultative conference, in Beijing, on September 29 and 30, 2018.
汪洋指出，党的十八大以来，习近平总书记就加强和改进人民政协工作提出一系列新思想新观点新论断，首次提出人民政协是社会主义协商民主的重要渠道和专门协商机构，是国家治理体系的重要组成部分，是具有中国特色的制度安排，首次阐明新型政党制度的特点和优势，着重强调正确处理一致性和多样性的关系，深刻揭示了人民民主的真谛在于有事好商量、众人的事情由众人商量，揭示了“中国之治”同中国政治制度的逻辑联系，凝结着坚持好、发展好人民政协制度的深邃理论思考，是党的人民政协理论的最新成果。	Wang Yang pointed out that since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping has proposed a series of new thoughts, new ideas and new judgments enhancing and improving the work of people’s political consultative conference. For the first time, General Secretary Xi Jinping proposes that the CPPCC is an important channel and specified consultation machinery for socialist consultative democracy, an important part of national governance system, an institutional arrangement with Chinese characteristics. General Secretary Xi Jinping clarifies the characteristics and advantages of the new party system for the first time, emphasizes the correct handling of the relationship between consistency and diversity, and profoundly reveals that the essence of people's democracy is that the people get to discuss their own affairs, reveals the logical connection between the "Rule of China" and the Chinese political system, cohering the profound theoretical thinking on well adhering and well developing the CPPCC system. This series of new thoughts, new ideas and new judgments is the latest theory achievement of the CPPCC.
汪洋强调，各级政协要以理论学习研讨为契机，进一步查找政协工作的薄弱环节和不足之处，在加强和改进上下功夫、求突破。	Wang Yang emphasized that committees of people's political consultative conferences at all levels should take theoretical study seminar as an opportunity to further find the weak links and shortcomings of people’s political consultative conference work, and work hard and make breakthroughs on enhancing and improving.
要全面加强政协系统党的建设，确保党中央决策部署不折不扣贯彻到政协工作中。	It is necessary to comprehensively strengthen the party building of the CPPCC system and ensure that the decisions and arrangements of the Party Central Committee is carried out in the work of the CPPCC.
要加强思想政治引领，完善建言资政和凝聚共识“双向发力”的制度、程序和机制，把思想政治引领落实到履职工作各方面和全过程。	It is necessary to strengthen the ideology and politics guide, improve the system, procedures and mechanisms for suggestions and contribution to politics and building consensus of the "two-way stimulation", and lead ideology and politics guide to all aspects and the whole process of performance of duties.
要聚焦中心任务履职尽责，更好服从服务党和国家大局，提高建言资政质量，增强履职实效。	Focus on the central task and carry out duties and functions, better serve the overall interests of the Party and country, improve the quality of the suggestions and contribution to politics, and enhance the effectiveness of performance.
要加强政协自身建设，抓好委员和干部教育培训，发挥专委会基础性作用，夯实政协履职基础。	It is necessary to strengthen the self-construction of the CPPCC, do a good job in the education and training of committee members and leaders, give play to the basic role of the special committee, and consolidate the foundation of the CPPCC.
要加强对地方政协工作指导，把方向、做示范、解难题，提升政协工作整体水平。	It is necessary to strengthen the guidance for the work of the local CPPCC, give directions, make examples, and solve problems thus raising the overall level of the CPPCC work.
为了深入学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的十九大精神，全国政协系统从5月开始开展习近平总书记关于加强和改进人民政协工作的重要思想学习研讨活动，召开8个片区座谈会和7场专家学者座谈会，确定了18个重点课题和6个基础性理论课题，共有各级政协委员79.38万人次、机关干部27.9万人次参加学习和研讨，形成研究论文3.6万余篇。	In order to thoroughly study and implement General Secretary Xi Jinping’s Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the 19th Congress’s principles, the CPPCC began to carry out an important ideological study and seminar on enhancing and improving the work of people’s political consultative conference since May, Eight districts symposiums and 7 specialist and scholar symposiums are held to identify 18 key subjects and 6 basic theoretical subjects. There were 793,800 CPPCC members at all levels and 279,000 government functionaries participated in the study and seminars, forming more than 36,000 research papers.
人民网北京11月5日电(王小艳)在当前“大众创业，万众创新”的浪潮下，越来越多的科技公司开始重视专利研发及相关的保护工作，深挖专利的潜在价值，占据市场主导权。	People’s Daily Online, Beijing, November 5 (Wang Xiaoyan) - In the current tide of "mass entrepreneurship and innovation", more and more technology companies have begun to pay attention to patent R&D and related protection work, and deeply explore the potential value of patents to occupy the market domination.
同样，也有不少科技企业在专利技术授权、专利技术使用等方面遭遇了不小的侵权风波。	Similarly, many technology companies have encountered numerous infringements crisis in patent technology licensing and patent technology use.
2017年底来自广东省的谭卫、何章鸿、赖斌三人以专利侵权为由，将“滴滴出行”APP的开发商北京小桔科技有限公司(下称小桔科技 ) 、 运营商滴滴出行科技有限公司(下称滴滴出行 ) 、 销售商广东太平洋互联网信息服务有限公司(下称广东太平洋)诉至广州知识产权法院。	At the end of 2017, Tan Wei, He Zhanghong and Lai Bin from Guangdong Province, on the grounds of patent infringement, appealed the developer of "Didi Chuxing" APP, Beijing Xiaoju Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Xiaoju Technology), the operator, Didi Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Didi Chuxing), the seller, Guangdong Pacific Internet Information Services Limited (hereinafter referred to as Guangdong Pacific) to the Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court.
三原告请求法院判令，三被告立即停止制造、销售、许诺销售、使用原告的专利行为。	The three plaintiffs requested the court to order that the three defendants immediately stopped the actions of manufacturing, selling, offering for sale, and using the plaintiff’s patent.
2018年10月30日，中国裁判文书网公布了“谭卫、何章鸿等与北京小桔科技有限公司等侵害发明专利权纠纷一审民事裁定书 ” ， 披露了滴滴出行APP被诉专利侵权的部分案件细节。	On October 30, 2018, China Judgment Online published the "First-instance Civil Ruling Paper of Infringement of Invention Patent Rights between Tan Wei, He Zhanghong and Beijing Xiaoju Technology Co., Ltd.", which disclosed some details of case in which the Didi Chuxing APP was sued for patent infringement.
三原告认为“基于移动终端的拼车服务系统及方法 ”专利的专利权人及发明人，而“滴滴出行”APP中“顺风车”应用的整个运作过程与涉案专利保护的技术方案对应，构成了专利侵权行为。	The three plaintiffs believe that they are the patentees and inventors of the "carpooling service system and method based on mobile terminals", and the whole operation process of the "ride-sharing" application in the "Didi Chuxing" APP corresponds to the technical solution of the patent protection involved in the case, which formed a patent infringement.
然而在法院裁定期间，小桔科技认为，广东太平洋不是适格的被告，其仅仅在网络上提供了涉案APP“滴滴出行”的免费下载，并未实施涉案专利方法，不存在直接或间接侵权行为，不应被列为本案被告。	However, during the court’s ruling, Xiaoju Technology believed that Guangdong Pacific was not an eligible defendant. It only provided free downloads of the involved APP "Didi Chuxing" on the Internet, and did not implement the patent method involved. There was no direct or indirect infringement behavior, and it should not be included as a defendant in this case.
其次，本案侵权行为地不在广东。	Secondly, the infringement of this case was not in Guangdong.
依照法律规定，涉案专利的侵权行为地应为完整地实施涉案专利方法的地点，因此对法院管辖权提出了异议，要求将本案移送到被告住所地法院即北京知识产权法院审理。	According to the law, the infringement of the patent involved should be the place where the patent method involved in the case was completely implemented. Therefore, the jurisdiction of the court was challenged and the case was requested to be transferred to the court of the defendant's domicile, the Beijing Intellectual Property Court.
广州知识产权法院认为，被告广东太平洋在其网络平台上提供了被控侵权滴滴出行APP产品，原告将被告广东太平洋列为被告并无不妥。	The Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court held that the defendant Guangdong Pacific provided the alleged infringement Didi Chuxing APP product on its online platform. It is not inappropriate for the plaintiff to list Guangdong Pacific as a defendant.
并且被告广东太平洋住所地在广州市，隶属于广州知识产权法院的辖区范围内。	And the defendant Guangdong Pacific’s domicile is located in Guangzhou, under the jurisdiction of the Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court.
被告小桔科技主张将该案移送北京知识产权法院审理，依据不足，驳回被告小桔科技有限公司对本案管辖权提出的异议，并承担管辖权异议案件受理费用。	The defendant Xiaoju Technology advocated that the case be transferred to the Beijing Intellectual Property Court for trial with inadequate evidence. The Court dismissed the defendant Xiaoju Technology Co., Ltd.’s objection to the jurisdiction of the case, and ordered it assume the acceptance fee for the case.
目前该案件的其他审理情况还未公布，记者还将密切关注滴滴出行专利侵权案的后续细节。	At present, the other trials of the case have not been announced, and the reporter will pay close attention to the follow-up details of the patent infringement case of Didi Chuxing.
专访澳大利亚联邦科学和工业研究组织首席执行官：澳中科技合作成果显著	Exclusive Interview with CEO of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization: Australia-China Science and Technology Cooperation Achieved Remarkable Results
“ 中国的科学技术在过去几十年发展迅速，澳中两国在科学领域携手并进可以取得丰硕成果 。 ”	"China’s science and technology have developed rapidly in the past few decades, and Australia and China can achieve fruitful results by going forward hand in hand in the scientific field. "
澳大利亚联邦科学和工业研究组织首席执行官拉里・马歇尔日前在北京接受中新社记者专访时表示，从应对气候变化到“天眼”项目合作，澳中在科技领域的合作展现勃勃生机。	Larry Marshall, CEO of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization said in an exclusive interview with a reporter from the China News Service in Beijing, the cooperation between Australia and China in the field of science and technology has shown great vitality from the cooperation in dealing with climate change to the "Eye of Heaven" project.
作为澳大利亚联邦最大的国家级科研机构，CSIRO在海洋，能源，生物，材料，天文等领域取得众多受到世界瞩目的创新性研究成果。	As the largest national research institution in the Commonwealth of Australia, CSIRO has achieved many world famous innovative research results in the fields of ocean, energy, biology, materials and astronomy.
CSIRO与中国科学院等科研机构一直保持着紧密的合作关系。	CSIRO has maintained close cooperation with scientific research institutions such as the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
“这是一段持久的友谊，这种友谊包含了对伙伴的信任和长期合作的传统 。 ”马歇尔说。	"This is a lasting friendship that involves the trust of partners and the tradition of long-term cooperation. ", Marshall said.
今年5月，中国的500米口径球面射电望远镜 ― ― “中国天眼 ” 安装国际上首台19波束L波段接收机。	In May of this year, China’s Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical radio Telescope ― China’s Eye of Heaven, installed the world’s first 19-beam L-band receiver.
这台目前国际上最为先进的19波束馈源接收机，由中澳科学家联合研制。	This internationally most advanced 19-beam feed source receiver is jointly developed by Chinese and Australian scientists.
马歇尔表示，接收机的成功研制是基于CSIRO多年的技术积累，启用后，FAST巡天速度将提高5至6倍，同时，也将拓展更多的科学观测目标。	Marshall said that the successful development of the receiver is based on CSIRO’s many years of technical accumulation. When enabled, the FAST survey speed will increase by 5 to 6 times, meanwhile more scientific observation targets will be expanded.
“这是CSIRO为FAST贡献的一份力量 。 ”	"This is the contribution of CSIRO to FAST. "
除上述合作外，CSIRO还在建设平方公里阵列射电望远镜、研发新型燃料技术、节能减排等方面与中国科研机构有着密切合作。	In addition to the above cooperations, CSIRO is also working closely with Chinese scientific research institutions in the construction of Square Kilometer Array radio telescope, research and development of new fuel technologies, energy conservation and emission reduction.
“以往的科学研究往往着眼的都是上百年以后的问题，而当下需要更多的科研力量来解决摆在面前的问题 。 ”	"In the past, scientific researches often focused on problems after hundreds of years, and now more scientific research power is needed to solve the problems in front of them. "
马歇尔认为，澳中两国在科学发展领域具有互补性，同时两国在发展中都面临着一系列挑战。	Marshall believed that Australia and China are complementary in the field of scientific development, and both countries face a series of challenges in their development progress.
例如极端天气在全球频频出现，干旱和洪水导致了粮食减产，食物短缺严重影响了人类的发展。	For example, extreme weather occurs frequently in the world. Drought and floods have led to a reduction in food production and food shortages have seriously affected human development.
同时，人口爆炸、老龄化、慢性病等问题也是目前面临的严峻挑战。	At the same time, population explosion, aging, chronic disease and other problems are also the serious challenges we faced.
“澳中两国近年来的合作就是主要着眼于解决这些当下的难题 。 ”	"The cooperation between Australia and China in recent years has focused on solving these current problems. "
马歇尔介绍说，CSIRO与青岛海洋科学与技术国家实验室共建的国际南半球海洋研究中心，其工作重点便是观测厄尔尼诺现象和拉尼娜现象，研究两者与极端天气之间的关系，并建立极端天气的预警设施；CSIRO与中科院共同开发的克服极端天气的谷物新品种，也可以缓解由极端天气造成的食物短缺问题。	Marshall said that the key job of Center for Southern Hemisphere Oceans Research, jointly established by CSIRO and National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology (Qingdao), are observing El Nino phenomenon and La Nina phenomenon, studying the relationships between these two phenomenons and extreme weather, and establishing early warning facilities for extreme weather. The new species of cereals developed by CSIRO and the Chinese Academy of Sciences can overcome extreme weather and can also alleviate food shortages caused by extreme weather.
“目前的环境下，科技创新很难独自完成，需要极高的成本，待解决的问题也非常多，所以合作在当今显得尤为重要 。 ”	"In the current environment, technological innovation is difficult to accomplish by oneself, it requires extremely high costs, and there are many problems to be solved, so cooperation is particularly important today. "
马歇尔表示，合作越紧密就越有可能取得突破性进展，这也是澳中双方在“一带一路”框架下加强合作的意义。	Marshall expressed that the closer the cooperation is, the more likely it is to make breakthroughs. This is also the significance of Australia and China in strengthening cooperation under the framework of the "One Belt One Road".
“加强双边合作，对于我们来说主要是科技方面的合作 。 ”	"Strengthening bilateral cooperation is mainly for cooperation in science and technology for us. "
马歇尔举例说，CSIRO最新研发出一种不使用氰化物的黄金提纯法，因传统的氰化物黄金提纯法对环境危害非常大，很多国家都希望能找到一种对环境污染小的黄金提纯方法。	Marshall took the example that CSIRO has recently developed a gold purification method without using cyanide. Because the traditional cyanide gold purification method is very harmful to the environment, many countries hope to find a way to purify gold with little environmental pollution.
“我们很愿意将这项技术引进中国，这是我们参与‘一带一路’合作取得的成果之一 。 ”	"We are very willing to introduce this technology to China. This is one of the achievements of our participation in the "One Belt One Road" cooperation. "
29日，2018宝鸡・丝绸之路旅游推介暨项目合作恳谈会在新疆乌鲁木齐市举行，与会嘉宾在欣赏宝鸡发展成果的同时，还可欣赏当地美食、感受当地厚重的历史文化。	On the 29th, 2018 Baoji·Silk Road Tourism Promotion and Talkfest on Projects Cooperation was held in Urumqi, Xinjiang. The guests enjoyed the development of Baoji while enjoying local cuisine and feeling the local rich history and culture.
在此次活动前一月内，宝鸡先后在天水、平凉、兰州、银川、固原、西宁、张掖、哈密等丝绸之路沿线8个城市高密度、大范围开展了系列旅游宣传推介活动，为2018宝鸡・丝绸之路旅游推介暨项目合作恳谈会的成功举办奠定了良好基础。	In the first month of the event, Baoji launched a series of tourism promotion and marketing activities in 8 cities along the Silk Road, including Tianshui, Pingliang, Lanzhou, Yinchuan, Guyuan, Xining, Zhangye and Hami, which laid a good foundation for 2018 Baoji·Silk Road Tourism Promotion and Talkfest on Projects Cooperation.
陕西省宝鸡市市长惠进才介绍，宝鸡历史文化悠久，工业基础雄厚，是陕西省的第二大城市和关天经济区与关中平原城市群的副中心城市 、 “ 一带一路”倡议沿线的重要节点城市。	Hui Jincai, Mayor of Baoji City, Shaanxi Province, introduced that Baoji has a long history and strong industrial base. Baoji is the second largest city in Shaanxi Province, the sub-central city of the central Shaanxi plain - Tianshui Economic Zone and the central Shaanxi plain urban agglomeration, and the key node city along the "One Belt One Road".
近年来，宝鸡市持续提升产业集群、物流枢纽、综合服务、开放高地、人文凝聚五大功能，加速推动追赶超越和高质量发展。	In recent years, Baoji City has continuously upgraded its five functions of industrial clusters, logistics hubs, integrated services, highlands opening-up and humanities cohesion, and accelerated the pursuit of catching up and high quality development.
会上，宝鸡市旅游发展委员与乌鲁木齐旅游局签署了两地旅游战略合作协议。	At the talkfest, the Baoji Tourism Development Committee and the Urumqi Tourist Administration signed a tourism strategic cooperation agreement between the two places.
同时，新疆多家旅行社与宝鸡大水川旅游景区、法门寺佛文化景区、太白山旅游景区、关山草原景区签署了旅游合作协议。	At the same time, many travel agencies in Xinjiang signed tourism cooperation agreements with several Baoji tourist attractions, such as Dashuichuan, Famen Temple Buddhist Cultural Scenic Spot, Mount Taibai Tourist Scenic Spot and Guanshan Grassland Scenic Spot.
宝鸡市旅发委市场促进科科长陈宏伟说 ： “ 大美新疆，有些旅游资源与宝鸡形成互补，我们一路走来，向新疆推介旅游，主要介绍人文宝鸡、美食宝鸡、自然风光等，精选500多幅照片，让客商感受宝鸡的美丽风光 。 ”	Chen Hongwei, Section Chief of the Marketing Promotion Section of Baoji Tourism Development Committee, said: "For Xinjiang's great beauty, there are some tourism resources can form a complementation with Baoji. We have been recommending tourism in Baoji, mainly introducing Baoji’ humanity, food, natural scenery and etc., we carefully selected more than 500 pictures to let traveling merchants feel the beauty of Baoji. "
此次活动宝鸡以旅游资源、旅游项目、旅游线路等为重点，通过播放旅游宣传片、推介文化旅游资源及项目、举办旅游摄影作品展、制作宣传展版、发放宣传资料、对接旅游合作交流等形式，全面宣传推介了宝鸡旅游整体形象，优质旅游产品和精品旅游产业项目，巩固新疆客源市场，全面唱响“看中国来宝鸡”品牌，提升宝鸡市在西北地区的影响力和知名度，吸引更多的新疆游客来宝鸡旅游体验。	The event focused on tourism resources, tourism projects, and tourist routes, through the broadcast of tourist videos, the promotion of cultural tourism resources and projects, the holding of tourism photography exhibitions, the production of promotional exhibition boards, the distribution of promotional materials, and the connections of tourism cooperation and exchanges, it comprehensively promoted the overall image of Baoji tourism, quality tourism products and boutique tourism industry projects, consolidated the tourist market in Xinjiang and sung the brand "Too see China, visit Baoji" to enhance the influence and popularity of Baoji City in the northwest region and attract more tourists from Xinjiang to visit Baoji.
宝鸡市招商局副局长冯旭说 ： “ 此次活动，宝鸡市各级各部门、各县区、各开发区积极对接洽谈，协调落实了一大批好项目、大项目。	Feng Xu, Deputy Director of the Investment Promotion Bureau of Baoji City, said: "At this event, various departments, counties and districts and development zones in Baoji City actively negotiated and coordinated and implemented a large number of good projects and large projects.
截至目前，共落实签约项目41个，涉及总金额260.43亿元 。 ”	Up to now, 41 contract projects have been implemented involving a total amount of 26.043 billion yuan. "
近年来，宝鸡围绕建设“一带一路”倡议沿线的国际化城市、装备制造业名城、历史文化名城和宜居宜业美丽幸福城市的目标，持续提升产业集群、物流枢纽、综合服务、开放高地、人文凝聚五大功能，加速推动追赶超越和高质量发展。	In recent years, Baoji has continued to upgrade its industrial clusters, logistics hubs, integrated services, and highlands opening-up, and humanities cohesion aiming at the goal of building an international city, a famous equipment manufacturing city, a historical and cultural city and a beautiful and happy city that is livable along the "One Belt One Road" route, and accelerated the pursuit of catching up and high quality development.
2017年地区生产总值达到2180亿元，增长8.7 % 。	In 2017, the regional GDP reached 218 billion yuan, with an increase of 8.7%.
先后荣获全国文明城市、国家生态园林城市和中国人居环境奖等20多项国家级荣誉。	Baoji has won more than 20 national honors such as the National Civilized City, the National Ecological Garden City and the China Habitat Environment Award.
乌鲁木齐市委常委、副市长燕乃敏介绍，乌鲁木齐作为丝绸之路上新北道的重镇，有特殊的地理区位优势，自古是连接天山南北，沟通新疆与内地，贯通中国与中亚、西亚以及欧洲的重要通道，是中国向西开放和对外经济文化交流的重要窗口，有着良好的投资环境。	Yan Naimin, member of the Standing Committee of the Urumqi Municipal Committee and Deputy Mayor of Urumqi, introduced that, as a major town in the new North Road of the Silk Road, has a special geographical location advantage. Since ancient times, it has been an important passage for connecting the south and north parts of Mount Tianshan, communicating with Xinjiang and the mainland, and connecting China and Central Asia, West Asia and Europe. It is an important window for China’s opening to the west and foreign economic and cultural exchanges, and has a good investment environment.
本次活动以装备制造、物流商贸、旅游产业为重点，带着共谋发展良机、共商合作大计的诚心，在乌鲁木齐大放异彩。	Focusing on equipment manufacturing, logistics and trade, and the tourism industry, the event yielded unusually brilliant results in Urumqi with the sincerity of seeking common development and discussing cooperation.
在恳谈会上，新疆本地客商与宝鸡各县区签约6个项目，涉及金额32.5亿元人民币。	At the talkfest, local travelling merchants in Xinjiang signed six projects with the counties and districts of Baoji, involving an amount of 3.25 billion yuan.
当天，吉尔吉斯斯坦驻乌鲁木齐签证处代表、俄罗斯新西伯利亚法律有限公司、塔吉克工商会驻乌鲁木齐代表、俄罗斯鞑靼斯坦商会代表等外宾出席恳谈会。	On the same day, representatives of Kyrgyzstan’s Visa Office in Urumqi, Russia’s Novosibirsk Law Co., Ltd., Tajik Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Urumqi, and representatives of the Russian Tatar Chamber of Commerce attended the forum.
乌鲁木齐市招商局、商务局、农牧局、旅游局等部门及企业、媒体约500人参加了恳谈会。	About 500 people from Urumqi Investment Promotion Bureau, Commerce Bureau, Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Bureau, Tourist Administration and other departments and enterprises and media attended the talkfest.
东北振兴，关乎国家发展大局。	The revitalization of Northeast China is vital to the overall situation of national development.
东北地区工业企业比重大、基础好，对于东北来说，抓创新就是抓发展，谋创新就是谋未来。	Industrial enterprises in Northeast China have a large proportion and a good foundation. For Northeast China, to make innovation means to have development and to plan for innovation means to plan for the future.
能否把老工业基地的活力重新激发出来、释放出来，牵动着总书记的心。	It affects the General Secretary's heart that whether the vitality of the old industrial base can be rekindled and released.
朝鲜外务相李勇浩周六对联合国表示，继续实施制裁在加深朝鲜对美国的不信任，朝鲜不可能在这样的情况下单边放弃核武器。	Ri Yong Ho, the foreign minister North Korea, told the United Nations on Saturday that continued sanctions were deepening the distrust of the United States on North Korea and it was impossible for North Korea to unilaterally abandon its nuclear weapons under such circumstances.
李勇浩在联合国大会上称，朝鲜过去一年采取了“非常友善的做法 ” ， 包括停止导弹和核试验，拆除核试验场，并承诺不扩散核武器和核技术。	Ri Yong Ho said on the United Nations General Assembly that North Korea had taken "very kind actions" during the last year, including cessation of missile and nuclear tests, dismantling of nuclear test sites and commitment to non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and technologies
“但我们没有看到美国任何相应的回应 ， ” 他称。	"However, we haven’t seen any corresponding response from the United States," he said.
“对美国不信任的话，对我们的国家安全就没有信心，在这样的情况下，我们不可能先单边放弃武器 。 ”	"If the United States doesn’t trust on us, we have no confidence in our national security. It is impossible for us to unilaterally abandon the nuclear weapons under such circumstances. "
虽然李勇浩是重复朝鲜对美国反对“分阶段”去核化的抱怨，但他的讲话具有重大意义，因为没有像朝鲜以前那样，完全拒绝单边去核化。	Although Ri Yong Ho repeated the complaints of North Korea about the opposition of United States to "phased" denuclearization, his speech was of great significance because it did not completely refuse the unilateral denuclearization as North Korea had before.
李勇浩提到金正恩和特朗普6月12日的联合声明，当时金正恩同意朝“朝鲜半岛去核化”努力，特朗普则承诺保护朝鲜安全。	Ri Yong Ho mentioned the joint statement between Jeong-eun Kim and Trump on June 12, and at that time Jeong-eun Kim agreed to work towards the "denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula", while Trump promised to protect the security of North Korea.
朝鲜一直寻求正式结束1950-53年的朝鲜战争，但美国称朝鲜必须先放弃核武器。	North Korea has always been seeking to formally end the 1950-53 Korean War, but the United States said that North Korea must firstly abandon nuclear weapons.
美国也拒绝放松对朝鲜国际制裁的要求。	The United States also refused to loose the requirements for the international sanctions on North Korea.
“美国坚持‘先去核化 ’ ， 并加大制裁压力，以高压方式达到目的，甚至拒绝发表‘战争结束宣言 ’ ， ”李勇浩称。	"The United States insists on ‘denuclearization first’ and increases the pressure of sanctions to achieve its goals in a high-pressure manner, and even refuses to issue the ‘declaration of the end of the war’," Ri Yong Ho said.
“认为制裁能让我们跪地求饶的想法，是不了解我们的人在做白日梦。	"The thought that sanctions can make us kneel and beg forgiveness is the daydream of the people who don't know us.
但问题是这种持续制裁在加深我们的不信任 。 ”	However, the problem is that such continued sanctions are deepening our distrust. "
李勇浩没有提到美国总统本周稍早在联合国提到的第二次特金会计划。	Ri Yong Ho did not mention the second Trump-Kim summit plan mentioned by the US President earlier this week at the United Nations.
相反，他强调了金正恩和韩国总统文在寅在过去五个月的三次会面，并表示 ： “ 如果去核化的另一方是韩国而不是朝鲜，那么朝鲜半岛去核化不会变得这么僵持 。 ”	On the contrary, he emphasized the three meetings between Jeong-eun Kim and Moon Jae-in, the South Korean President over the past five months and said, "If the other side of denuclearization is South Korea, but not North Korea, then the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula will not become so deadlocked. "
中国宣布，自2018年11月1日起，降低1585个税目的进口关税。	China announced that it will reduce import tariffs on 1,585 tax items from November 1, 2018.
今年以来，中国已接连主动降低进口关税。	Since this year, China has taken the initiative to reduce import tariffs.
今年5月1日药品全面降税，将包括抗癌药品在内的所有普通药品和具有抗癌作用的生物碱类药品、有实际进口的中成药等共28个税目的进口关税调整为零。	On May 1 this year, the drug was fully tax-deducted, and all import tariffs for all 28 tax items of general taxable drugs, including anticancer drugs, and alkaloid drugs with anticancer effects, and Chinese patent medicines with actual imports, were adjusted to zero.
同时，还较大幅度降低了抗癌药品生产、进口环节增值税税负。	At the same time, it has also greatly reduced the production and import links value-added tax burden of anti-cancer drugs.
7月1日对218个税目的汽车及零部件降税。	On July 1, tax reductions were imposed on 218 tax items of cars and parts.
降税后，中国汽车整车税率已低于发展中国家的平均水平，符合中国汽车产业实际。	After the tax reduction, the finished automobile tax rate of China’s automobile has been lower than the average level of developing countries, which is in line with the actual situation of China’s automobile industry.
这次降税将推动行业结构调整和资源优化配置，加速优胜劣汰，有助于提高产品和服务的质量，有望在一定程度上推动汽车价格调整，让消费者得到更多实惠。	This tax reduction will drive the restructuring of the industry and the optimal allocation of resources, accelerate the survival of the fittest to help improve the quality of products and services. It is expected to promote the adjustment of automobile prices to a certain extent, so that consumers can get more benefits.
7月1日对1449个税目的日用消费品降税。	On July 1, tax reductions were imposed on 1449 tax items of daily consumer goods.
日用消费品降税与人民的美好生活需要息息相关。	The tax reduction on daily consumer goods is closely bound up with people’s need of better lives.
此次降税不仅数量多而且力度大，平均降税幅度达56 % 。	This time’s tax reduction not only involves lots of items but also has strong dynamics, with an average tax reduction of 56%.
日用消费品降税，直接让广大消费者受益，并促进国内产业提高竞争力。	The reduction of taxes on daily consumer goods directly benefits the consumers and promotes the competitiveness of domestic industries.
11月1日将对1585个税目的机电设备、零部件及原材料等工业品实施降税。	November 1, tax reductions will be imposed on 1585 industrial product tax items of electromechanical devices, parts and raw materials.
适当降低部分国内亟需的工业品的进口关税，能够吸引更多的外资，有利于增加国内有效供给，助力产业升级，同时有助于企业在全球范围内配置资源，降低生产成本，也有利于减少国内环境承载的压力。	Appropriately reducing the import tariffs of some domestically industrial products with urgent needs can attract more foreign capital, help increase domestic effective supply, assist industrial upgrading, and contribute to enterprises allocate resources on a global scale, reduce production costs, and also benefit for reducing the pressure on the domestic environment.
中国国务院关税税则委员会办公室有关负责人介绍，以上四次自主降税，以及今年7月1日根据信息技术协议扩大范围谈判成果实施的第三步降税，将使中国的关税总水平由上年的9.8%降至7.5 % 。	Relevant person in charge of Customs Tariff Commissions Office of the State Council introduced that the above four times initiative tax reduction and the third step tax reduction implemented on this year’s July 1 in accordance with the results of the expansion of the information technology agreement negotiation will result in the overall tariff level fell from last year’s 9.8% to 7.5%.
调整后的关税总水平略高于欧盟，低于大多数发展中国家，处于中等偏低水平，与中国发展中国家地位和发展阶段基本匹配。	The adjusted overall tariff level is slightly higher than that of the EU, lower than most developing countries, at a moderately low level, and basically matches China’s developing country status and development stage.
负责人介绍，关税总水平作为中国货物贸易领域开放程度的重要指标之一，应与中国经济发展阶段相适应，体现时代特征。	According to the person in charge, as one of the important indicators of the degree of openness in China’s trade in goods sector, the overall level of tariffs should be compatible with the stage of China’s economic development and reflect the characteristics of the times.
中国货物贸易规模全球第一，已经具备了进一步扩大开放的经济基础，但贸易发展质量和效益与发达经济体相比尚有差距，因此，应适当降低关税总水平。	China’s trade in goods scale ranks first in the world, and it has already had the economic foundation to further expand its openness. However, there is still a gap between the quality and efficiency of trade development compared with developed economies. Therefore, the overall level of tariffs should be appropriately lowered.
关税是合规的保护手段，关税水平应与产业竞争力相适应，要鼓励良性竞争，过度保护不利于产业发展和提高质量。	Tariff is a kind of protect means for compliance. The level of tariff should be compatible with industrial competitiveness to encourage healthy competition. While overprotection goes against the industry development and quality improvement.
关税税率调整要兼顾生产需要和消费需求。	Tariff rate adjustment must balance production needs with consumer demands.
重点降低国内需求较大、有助于产业转型升级的商品税率，努力增加人民群众需求比较集中的特色优势产品进口，不断增强企业和公众获得感，满足产业结构和消费结构的升级需要。	Focus on reducing the commodity tax rate that has a large domestic demand and contributes to the transformation and upgrading of the industry, and striving to increase the import of characteristic advantage products with relatively concentrated needs of the people, continuously improving the sense of gain of enterprises and the public, and meeting the upgrading needs of the industrial structure and consumption structure.
降税力度要兼顾财政收入和产业发展的可承受能力。	The tax reduction should balance the financial revenue and the affordability of industrial development.
在具体降税商品和降税幅度的选择上要统筹协调好国内外两个市场、上下游两个方面、生产和消费两个关系，维护中国经济稳中向好的发展势头。	In the choice of specific tax-reduction commodities and range of tax reductions, we must plan and coordinate the domestic and international markets, the upstream and downstream aspects, production and consumption relationship, and maintain the steady development of China’s economy.
负责人强调，今年是改革开放40周年，中国主动降低进口关税总水平是根据中国自身实现高质量发展需要作出的重大举措，有利于统筹利用国际国外两种资源，促进国内供给体系质量提升，满足人民群众消费升级需要。	The principal stressed that this year is the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up. China’s initiative to reduce the overall level of import tariffs is a major measure based on China’s own needs to achieve high-quality development. It is conducive to the overall planning and utilization of international and foreign resources to promote the quality of domestic supply systems and meet the upgrading consumption needs of people.
这一行动和举措表明中国将坚定不移奉行互利共赢的开放战略，坚定支持经济全球化，坚决维护自由贸易原则和以WTO为核心的多边贸易体系，继续从向世界开放中汲取发展动力，也让中国发展更好惠及世界。	This action and measure shows tfhat China will constantly pursue an opening up strategy of mutual benefit and win-win result, firmly support economic globalization, steadfastly uphold the principle of free trade rule and the multilateral trading system centered on the WTO, and continue to draw development momentum from opening up to the world to also allow China’s development to better benefit the world.
塞尔维亚宣布进入最高战备状态 塞俄总统将于明天会晤讨论科索沃局势	Serbia announced to enter the top defense readiness condition. Serbian President and Russian President will meet to discuss the situation in Kosovo tomorrow.
南通社援引塞尔维亚总统办公厅的消息称，鉴于科索沃特种部队占领了位于科索沃北部由贝尔格莱德方面控制的加齐沃达水电站蓄水湖的通道，塞尔维亚总统武契奇下令该国武装力量进入最高战备状态。	Yugoslav news agency reported by quoting sources from the Office of Serbian President that Vucic, the Serbian President, gave orders that the Serbian armed forces entered the top defense readiness condition in consideration of the fact that Kosovo special troops had occupied the roadway to the accumulation lake of Gazivoda hydropower station under the control of Belgrade in northern Kosovo.
9月29日塞尔维亚国防部部长武林宣称，塞尔维亚军队已进入全面战备状态。	On September 29, Vulin, the Defense Minister of Serbia, announced that the Serbian army entered the overall defense readiness condition.
武林强调，只要武契奇发布的命令仍然有效，塞尔维亚就会继续保持对当前科索沃局势的监控，无论事态往哪个方向发展，塞军都将做出回应。	Vulin emphasized that Serbia would continue to monitor the current situation in Kosovo as long as Vucic's orders were still effective. Regardless of the direction in which the situation develops, the Serbian army will respond accordingly.
据俄罗斯塔斯社报道，9月29日，武契奇在接受采访时表示，他已经和美俄欧等各方通报了当前局势，并将于10月2日前往莫斯科与俄罗斯总统普京会晤，在科索沃问题上寻求普京的支持。	It was reported by the Tass news agency of Russia that Vucic said in an interview on September 29 that he had notified the United States, Russia, Europe and other sides about the current situation, and would visit Moscow on October 2 to meet with Putin, the President of Russia, to seek Putin's support on the Kosovo issue.
当被问及塞尔维亚是否需要像叙利亚一样获得俄罗斯的军事支持时，武契奇给予否定的回答 ： “ 我不希望在我们的领土上发生重大的军事冲突 。 ”	When he was asked whether Serbia needed to get the military support from Russia like Syria, Vucic gave a negative answer: "I don't want a significant military conflict in our territory. "
武契奇还表示，塞军进入全面战备状态只是为了形成一种威慑，以阻止冲突的发生，但这也是一种明确的警告：绝对不会容忍在科索沃发生任何暴力行为。	Vucic also said that the Serbian army entered the overall defense readiness condition just for the sake of deterrence to prevent the conflict. However, it was a clear warning: Serbia would never tolerate any violent action in Kosovo.
塞军之所以提升战备状态，与科索沃方面的两大举动有关。	The Serbian army upgraded the defense readiness condition in connection with the two actions in Kosovo.
按照塞尔维亚方面的说法，近日来，阿尔巴尼亚人正在科索沃北部地区大肆逮捕世代居住在该地的塞尔维亚族人，而这些被逮捕的塞族人没有触犯任何法律。	According to the statement of Serbia, the Albanian people were carrying out the mass arrests of Serbian people, who had been living there for generations, in recent days, but these arrested Serbian people didn't break any laws.
武契奇称，从今年3月26日塞尔维亚政府科索沃和梅托希亚办公室负责人马科・尤里奇遭科索沃阿军殴打和扣押以来，阿族不断升级地区事态，对塞族人进行毫无人道的逮捕和驱离。	Vucic said that since Marko Juric, the head of the Serbian government's Office for Kosovo and Metohija, was beaten and detained by the Albanian army in Kosovo, the Albanian people constantly escalated the issues in the region and carried out the inhumane arrests and deportations of the Serbian people.
此外，日前自行宣布成立的科索沃共和国内务部ROSU特种部队、武装警察和狙击手在内的100多人占领了加齐沃达水电站蓄水湖附近的阵地，进入到科索沃地区北部堤坝附近的生态和体育中心，并封锁了附近所有道路，而这些地区本来由塞尔维亚方面控制。	Furthermore, over 100 people, including the members of ROSU special army of the Department of the Interior of the self-declared Republic of Kosovo, armed police, and snipers, occupied the battle field near the accumulation lake of Gazivoda hydropower station, entered the ecological sport center near the dam in northern Kosovo, and blocked all roads nearby. These areas were originally under the control of Serbia.
武契奇指出，科索沃的这一军事冒险行动，是在西方国家的怂恿下做出的，科索沃军队的举动事先并没有通知塞尔维亚方面，违反了 《布鲁塞尔协议》第九章第一款，也违反了联合国安理会第1244号决议和塞科之间的军事技术协定。	Vucic indicated that Kosovo was encouraged by the western countries to make this military adventure. Since the Kosovo army had taken actions without notifying Serbia in advance, it violated the rules in Paragraph 1 in Chapter 9 of "Brussels Agreement", and it also breached the UN Security Council Resolution 1244 and the military technology agreement between Serbia and Kosovo.
武契奇已经向北约秘书长斯托尔滕贝格喊话，批评西方国家在科索沃问题上的虚伪言辞。	Vucic had spoken to Stoltenberg, the NATO Secretary-General, to criticize the western countries for their false words on the Kosovo issue.
当下这番冲突的根源仍旧是科索沃地区塞阿两族之间数百年的历史恩怨。	The source of current conflict was still the historical grievances lasting for hundreds of years between Serbian people and Albanian people in Kosovo.
关于科索沃的归属，塞族和阿族各有各的说法。	For the ownership of Kosovo, Serbian people and Albanian people had different opinions.
塞尔维亚视科索沃为民族的发祥地和文化摇篮，因为塞尔维亚在12世纪就在这里建立了自己最强盛的国家，而阿族人只是在奥斯曼帝国入侵和塞军败退北方后才大量迁入的。	Serbia considered Kosovo as the birthplace of its nation and the cradle of culture, because Serbia had built its most powerful country here in the 12th century. However, the Albanian people settled here in large numbers only after the Ottoman Empire invaded and the Serbian army retreated to the north.
阿族人则坚持认为，公元前4-5世纪在科索沃居住的原始部落伊利里亚人是阿族人的祖先，因此，科索沃自古以来就是阿族的领土。	The Albanian people insisted that the Illyrian people of the primitive tribe located at Kosovo in the 4th-5th century were their ancestors. Therefore, Kosovo had been the Albanian people's territory since ancient times.
主观的政治划分造成不同民族、宗教和文化的激烈冲突，造成了科索沃地区塞族和阿族激烈的对立。	The subjective political divisions contributed to the sharp conflicts between different nations, religions and cultures, resulting in the fierce confrontation between Serbian people and Albanian people in Kosovo.
1912年，科索沃阿族人首先宣布了阿尔巴尼亚的独立。	The Albanian people in Kosovo first declared the independence of Albania in 1912.
第一次世界大战以后，居住在巴尔干半岛的大批阿族人迁往土耳其，塞族人比重相对上升，在塞族人看来 “只是拿回属于自己的土地”的做法，却被阿族人视作 “大塞尔维亚主义”的掠夺，两族矛盾激化。	After the First World War, a large number of Albanian people, who were living in the Balkan Peninsula, moved to Turkey. The proportion of Serbian people was relatively rising. The actions of "taking back their own lands" in the sight of the Serbian people were considered as the predations of the "Greater Serbian Nationalism" by Albanian people. The contradiction between the two nations intensified.
科索沃成为了巴尔干的 “火药桶 ” 。	Kosovo became the "powder keg" of Balkan.
1999年，科索沃解放军中的阿尔巴尼亚分离主义者与塞尔维亚军队和警察发生武装冲突，导致北约军队对塞尔维亚和黑山组成的南联盟进行轰炸，科索沃战争爆发。	The Albanian separatists in Kosovo liberation army and the Serbian army and police engaged in armed conflicts in 1999, which led to the NATO troops bombed the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia consisting of Serbia and Montenegro. The Kosovo War broke out.
2008年2月17日，科索沃单方面宣布脱离塞尔维亚独立。	Kosovo unilaterally declared its independence from Serbia on February 17, 2008.
此后虽有消息传出塞尔维亚将与科索沃关系正常化，并签署全球性和具有法律约束力的协议，但由于历史民族恩怨和地缘政治掣肘，受制于美欧俄等多方力量的协议并未能够签订。	Thereafter, the news came out that Serbia and Kosovo would normalize relations, and sign a global and legally binding agreement. However, due to the historical grievances between the two nations and the geopolitical constraints, they failed to sign the agreement, which was in the control of different forces, including the United States, Europe and Russia.
而就在一个月前，武契奇首次明确表示主张将科索沃境内的塞族与阿族隔离，再次将两族矛盾公开化。	Just a month ago, Vucic made it clear for the first time that he insisted to separate Serbian people from Albanian people in Kosovo. It exposed the conflict between the two nations again.
电力通讯仍中断 印尼强震伴海啸救援困难重重	Power Communication Still in interruption. Difficulties in Rescue due to Strong Earthquakes with Tsunami in Indonesia.
据印尼救灾署30日凌晨公布的数字，28日发生在该国中苏拉威西省栋加拉县的强烈地震及引发的海啸，已造成420人死亡。	According to figures released by the National Disaster Mitigation Agency on the morning of the 30th, a devastating earthquake and the caused tsunami in the Donggala Regency in Central Sulawesi caused 420 people on 28th.
印尼救灾署负责人WilemRampangilei称，该数字仅是距震中约80公里的中苏拉威西省府帕卢市的初步统计，因为缺乏大型搜救机械，该市许多因地震倒塌损毁的酒店、商场、仓库等人员密集建筑尚未搜救。	Wilem Rampangilei, head of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency, said that the figure is only preliminary statistics from the Palu in Central Sulawesi, about 80 kilometers from the epicenter. Because of the lack of large-scale search and rescue machinery, many damaged and collapsed hotels, shopping malls, warehouses and other densely populated buildings due to the earthquake have not been searched and rescued.
当地时间2018年9月29日，印度尼西亚巴路，一座被地震和海啸破坏的桥梁坍塌断成数节。	On September 29, 2018, in Palu, Indonesia, a bridge damaged by the earthquake and tsunami collapsed into several sections.
因电力和通讯设施遭严重破坏，震中栋加拉县和邻近的西吉地区至今仍然是联系不上的“孤岛 ” ， 无法统计遇难者人数。	Due to the severe damage to power and communication facilities, the epicenter of Donggala Regency and the neighboring Sigi area are still “lonely islands" that cannot be reached, and the number of victims cannot be counted.
此间媒体报道，印尼副总统卡拉称死亡人数或达数千人。	According to media reports here, Indonesian Vice President Kalla said the death toll may reach thousands.
电力中断、通讯中断、道路阻断、机场受损 … … 强震及海啸后的救援工作困难重重。	Power interruption, communication interruption, road blockage, airport damage... The rescue work after strong earthquakes and tsunami is very difficult.
由于电力中断，帕卢市一些医院和救援安置点需靠燃油发电。	Due to power interruption, some hospitals and rescue settlements in Palu rely on fuel for power generation.
而进出该市的道路因山体滑坡被阻断，包括油罐车在内的大型运输车辆无法进入，使得燃油供应十分紧张。	The roads entering and leaving the city are blocked due to landslides, and large transport vehicles, including tank trucks, are unable to enter, which makes the fuel supply very tight.
印尼社会部长阿古斯表示，因道路损坏，该部从邻近震区的南苏拉威西省和哥伦打洛省调运的帐篷、床垫、毛毯、衣服、食品、家庭用品包等紧急救灾物资尚未运抵灾区。	Indonesian Minister of Social Affairs, Agus said that due to road damage, the Ministry dispatched emergency relief materials such as tents, mattresses, blankets, clothes, food and household goods packages from Central Sulawesi and Gorontalo adjacent to the earthquake region have not arrived in the disaster area.
从首都雅加达调运的救灾物质正通过空军运输机运往灾区。	The disaster relief materials transported from the capital Jakarta are being transported to the disaster area through the air transport aircraft.
鉴于帕卢机场指挥塔台和跑道在地震中受损，为确保安全和保障救援，已停飞一切商业航班，仅供运送救援物资和人员的军用飞机起降。	In view of the damage to thecontrol tower and runways of the Palu Airport during the earthquake, all commercial flights have been grounded to ensure the safety and security of the rescue. The airport is only used for the take-off and landing of military aircraft carrying relief supplies and personnel.
在震区指挥救援的印尼政治、法律和安全事务统筹部长维兰托要求尽快恢复电力供应和机场商业航班服务，以保证医院等救援机构运转，让更多救援人员和志愿者、援助物资能够运抵灾区。	Wiranto, the Indonesian Coordinating Ministry for Political, Legal and Security Affairs, who directed the rescue in the earthquake zone, demanded that the power supply and airport commercial flights be restored as soon as possible to ensure the operating of hospitals and other relief agencies, so that more rescuers, volunteers and aids can be transported to disaster areas.
28日印尼中苏拉威西省栋加拉县连续发生多次强烈地震，其中当地时间17时02分发生的7.7级强震引发海啸，造成帕卢市、栋加拉县、西吉地区发生重大灾情。	On the 28th, several strong earthquakes occurred in Donggala Regency in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia continuously. The 7.7-magnitude earthquake that occurred at 17:02 local time caused a tsunami, which caused Palu City, Donggala Regency and Sigi area occurred major disasters.
中新社北京10月1日电 (记者 尹力)碧空如洗、晴空万里、彩霞满天 … … 近日，北京持续开启最美蓝天模式，引得万千京城民众在社交平台上花式秀图，在持续刷屏中晒幸福感，称“蓝天白云下 ， ‘ 醉’美天际线，这才是北京最好的名片 ” 。	China News Service, Beijing, October 1 (reported by Yin Li) -- A cloudless blue sky in the day and the red clouds at evening......Recently, Beijing kept in the mode of the most beautiful blue sky. Thousands of Beijing residents couldn't help to change tactics to show their pictures on social platforms and constantly make status updates to show their happinesses. They said that "the most beautiful skyline with a blue sky and white clouds was the best business card of Beijing".
自8月起，北京迎来“最蓝天空 ” 。	Beijing had met the "bluest sky" since August.
京城之内，随时随地都能见到民众或拿着智能手机、或举着单反相机拍照。	It could be found anywhere in Beijing at any time that many residents were holding their smart phones or DSLR cameras to take pictures.
微博、微信朋友圈等社交平台上，随处可见网友镜头里的故宫、天安门、鸟巢、胡同 … … 各式建筑在蓝天的映衬下展现不一样的美。	On social platforms, such as the microblog and WeChat Moments, people could see the different beauty of the Imperial Palace, Tian An Men, the Bird's Nest, Hutong, and various buildings against the blue sky in the net friends' cameras.
有网友表示，这样的“风光大片儿”就是北京最好的城市宣传片；还有网友调侃说，如果这样的蓝天长期刷屏，有颈椎病的人都能治好了；更有网友希望“这抹蓝能越冬迎春度夏，让京城的天幕四季湛蓝 ” 。	Some net friends said that such "landscape pictures" were the best city images of Beijing; and some net friends joked that if the blue sky remain the same for a long time, the patients with cervical spondylosis would surely be cured; some net friends even hoped that "the blue sky would last through the winter, spring and summer, providing Beijing with a blue sky across four seasons".
为何京城民众格外爱晒蓝天？	Why did the residents in Beijing particularly like to show the blue sky?
只因过去生活在这座城市的人们饱受雾霾之苦，由此格外渴盼蓝天，而在北京打响“蓝天保卫战 ” ， 持续改善空气质量后，雾霾变少，蓝天增多，民众看在眼里喜在心上，获得的幸福感也是格外有份量。	That's because they had been suffering from the fog and haze in this city in the past. They looked forward to the blue sky eagerly. After starting the "Blue Sky Protection Campaign" in Beijing to continuously improve the air quality, there were less fog and haze, but more blue skies. The residents were joyful to see this. And they felt so happy with it.
国庆节当日，北京天气晴好。	The weather was fine in Beijing on National Day.
早8时，全市35个空气质量监测站点绝大多数显示为“一级优”的绿色。	Most of 35 air quality monitoring stations in Beijing showed in green at 8:00 am, indicating the "Superior First Grade".
社交平台上由民众自发的“最蓝天空”主题摄影大赛还在持续中。	The photography competition with the theme of the "bluest sky" voluntarily organized by the residents on social platforms was still under way.
近期北京的天为何这么蓝？	Why was the sky so blue in Beijing recently?
据北京市环境保护局相关负责人介绍，今年8月，北京的细颗粒物(PM2.5)平均浓度为35微克/立方米，创下近5年来的历史同期最佳纪录。	As the relevant responsible person of Beijing Environmental Protection Agency explained, the mean concentration of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) was 35 micrograms per cubic meter in Beijing in August of this year, which created the best record for the same period in history of the recent five years.
9月间的PM2.5实时浓度更是频现个位数。	The real-time concentration of PM2.5 was even less than 10 in September.
出现“最蓝天空”的一大因素在于近段时间气象条件总体有利，更重要的是，北京持之以恒地开展大气污染治理，近五年来大力推进清洁空气行动计划，环境效益持续释放，使得区域内污染物排放总量减少，这些都为空气质量持续改善奠定了基础。	The major factor contributing to the "bluest sky" was the overall favorable meteorological conditions in recent days. And more importantly, Beijing had persistently carried out the air pollution control. It had vigorously promoted the Clean Air Action Plan in the past five years, and the environmental benefits were released continuously resulting in the reduction of total pollutant emission in the region. These laid the foundation for continuous improvement of air quality.
北京于2013年正式发布并实施《北京市2013-2017年清洁空气行动计划 》 。	Beijing released officially and implemented the "2013-2017 Clean Air Action Plan in Beijing" in 2013.
根据该计划，官方持续引导非首都功能疏解，推进能源清洁化替代和污染减排工作，共计淘汰燃煤锅炉4923家。	According to this plan, the authority would continue to guide the alleviation of functions unrelated to its status as national capital, and promoted the works of clean energy substitutions and pollutants discharge reductions. 4923 coal fired boilers were eliminated in total.
北京由此也成为中国内地首个实现全网天然气化的大城市。	Thus, Beijing became the first big city of achieving the full network of natural gasification in the Chinese mainland.
数据显示，2013年至2017年间，北京的PM2.5年均浓度累计降幅达35.6 % ； 空气质量达标天数增加了50天；一级优天数增加了25天；重污染天数共减少35天，重污染发生率明显降低。	According to the data, the annual concentration of PM2.5 in Beijing from 2013 to 2017 cumulatively dropped by 35.6%; the number of days that the air quality reached the standards increased by 50; the number of days that achieved the Superior First Grade increased by 25; the number of days with heavy pollution reduced by 35 in total, and the occurrence rate of heavy pollution significantly dropped.
在空气质量持续改善的同时，北京官方依据新一轮PM2.5来源解析，于今年9月发布《北京市打赢蓝天保卫战三年行动计划 》 ， 针对目前的治理阶段和污染特征，聚焦柴油货车、扬尘、挥发性有机物治理等重点防治领域，优化调整运输结构、产业结构、能源结构和用地结构，强化区域联防联控，着力加强城市精细化管理，全面推动绿色发展，力争让“最蓝天空”常驻京城，不再“物以稀为贵 ” ， 让其回归为人们相册中的背景而不是主角。	With the continuous improvement of air quality, Beijing authority issued the "Three-year Action Plan of Beijing to Win the Blue Sky Protection Campaign" in September on the basis of the analysis of a new round of PM2.5 source. According to the current governance phase and pollution characteristics, it focused on the important prevention and control areas including the treatment of diesel trucks, flying dusts, and volatile organic compounds, optimized and adjusted the transportation structure, industrial structure, energy structure and land-use structure, strengthened the inter-regional prevention and control, enhanced the delicacy management of city, promoted the green development in an all-round way, and strived to keep the "bluest sky" permanently in Beijing. The sky would not "be precious", since it was rare. Let it return to be the background of people's photo album, but not the leading role.
今年国庆黄金周期间，市旅游委、工商、城管、公安等相关部门将加强对“一日游”市场的执法检查，聚焦旅游“六黑”乱象，违法违规者一经查实，将依法给予从重从严叠加处罚。	During this year’s National Day Golden Week, the Municipal Tourism Commission, Industry and Commerce Bureau, City Urban Administrative and Law Enforcement Bureau, Public Security Bureau and other relevant departments will strengthen the law enforcement inspection of the "one-day tour" market, focusing on the "six unlicensed" chaos in tourism, and once verified, the violations will be imposed on strict and serious punishment according to the law.
昨天上午，市政府召开严打非法“一日游”专题会，对进一步严打非法“一日游”的专项行动作出部署。	Yesterday morning, the municipal government held a thematic meeting on illegal "one-day tour" to deploy a special action to further crack down on illegal "one-day tour".
会上透露，聚焦黑票提、黑导、黑社、黑车、黑店、黑网利益链条相互交织的“六黑”乱象，本市自7月28日启动了严打非法“一日游”专项行动。	At the meeting, the focus was on the "six unlicensed" chaos that was intertwined with the unlicensed ticket provider, unlicensed tour guide, unlicensed travel agency, unlicensed car, tourist trap and unlicensed website profit chain. The city launched a special action for "one-day tour" on July 28th.
专项行动开展至今，全市共受理“一日游”投诉39件，同比下降63 % ； 今年以来，全市受理“一日游”投诉270件，同比下降62 % 。	Since the launch of the special action, the city has accepted 39 "one-day tour" complaints with a year on year decrease of 63%. Since the beginning of this year, the city has accepted 270 "one-day tour" complaints with a year on year decrease of 62%.
近两个月以来，全市查扣“黑车”248台，查处旅游客运业务违章158起，关闭购物“黑店”和演艺场所29家，查处“黑社”13家 、 “ 黑导”27人，没收非法广告2.6万张，拆除非法“一日游”广告牌31块、公交假站牌3块，查处各类涉旅违法行为1789起，各职能部门立案181起，从重罚款448万元，拘留涉旅违法人员111人。	In the past two months, the city has checked and detained 248 "unlicensed cars", investigated and handled 158 violations of the tourist transportation business, shut down 29 shopping "tourist traps" and performing arts venues, investigated and handled 13 "unlicensed travel agencies" and 27 "unlicensed tour guides", confiscated 26,000 pieces of illegal advertisements, torn down 31 pieces of illegal "one-day tour" billboards and 3 pieces of fake bus stop signs, investigated and handled 1789 various types of travel-related violations, and 181 cases were filed by various functional departments with a heavier fine of 4.48 million yuan and 111 travel-related illegal criminals were detained.
经过整治，非法“一日游”乱象基本得到遏制 ， “ 一日游”市场秩序呈现稳中向好的态势。	After rectification, the illegal "one-day tour" chaos has been basically contained, and the "one-day tour" market order has shown a steady and good trend.
据介绍，近年来本市不断加大对非法“一日游”的整治力度。	According to the information, the city has continuously strengthen the force of illegal "one-day tour rectification in recent years.
2016年和2017年，市旅游委受理“一日游”投诉1612件和897件，同比分别减少79%和44 % ， 但非法“一日游”仍然屡打不绝、时常反弹，并形成了黑票提、黑导、黑社、黑车、黑店、黑网等利益链条相互交织的“六黑”乱象。	In 2016 and 2017, the Municipal Tourism Commission accepted 1,612 complaints and 897 complaints of "one-day tour", a year-on-year decrease of 79% and 44% respectively. Though the crack down actions are contentiously implemented, the illegal "one-day tours" are still recurrent, forming the intertwined profit chains among the "six unlicensed" chaos of unlicensed ticket provider, unlicensed tour guide, unlicensed travel agency, unlicensed car, tourist trap and unlicensed website.
具体而言，街头非法揽客人员即“黑票提 ” ， 发布虚假旅游信息的不法网站即“黑网 ” ， 从事非法“一日游”的旅行社或无旅行社经营资质的机构或个人即“黑社 ” ， “黑社”雇用的无导游证或违规执业的导游即“黑导 ” ， 其使用的无旅游客运资质的车辆或为非法“一日游”提供客运服务的有旅游客运资质的车辆即“黑车 ” ， 最终他们将游客带入的指定旅游购物店即“黑店 ” 。	Specifically, "unlicensed ticket provider" is the person who attract customers on the street illegally, "unlicensed website" is the illegal website providing fake tourism information, "unlicensed travel agency" engaged in illegal "one-day tour" or an institution without business qualification of travel agencies, "unlicensed tour guide" is the tour guide without tourist certificate or practice illegally and employed by the "unlicensed travel agency", "unlicensed car" is the vehicle without tourist transportation qualification used by "unlicensed tour guide" or the vehicle with tourist transportation qualification used for providing passenger service to illegal "one-day tour", and last, the "unlicensed tour guide" will bring the tourists to the specified travel shopping store, that is "tourist trap".
此次专项行动中，本市持续加大了对非法“一日游”的固定式检查和机动式巡查，针对非法“一日游”高发频发和影响大的旅游线路点位，相关部门每日派出暗访组上车随团暗访，发现违法违规证据后依法从严查处。	In this special action, the city continued to increase the fixed inspection and flexible inspection of illegal "one-day tour". Focus on the illegal "one-day tour" with high frequency and influential tourist route points, the relevant departments assigned daily secret investigation teams to make investigations with the tour groups secretly, and strict investigation and treatment will be imposed according to the law, if violations are found.
其中 ， “ 黑车”和“黑店”成为专项行动中两个严打的重点。	Among them, "unlicensed car" and "tourist trap" have become the two focuses of the serious crack downs in the special action.
据介绍，没有黑车，非法“一日游”就无法成行，黑车既容易被发现、记住和查处，也是单项价值较高的固定资产。	According to reports, without "unlicensed cars", the illegal "one-day tour" can not be completed, "unlicensed cars" are easy to be found, remembered and investigated, they are also fixed value with a hinger single value.
相关部门运用道路交通监控探头加大对重点“一日游”线路旅游大巴车的监管，用技防、物防等科技智能手段可以及时发现查处“黑车 ” 。	Relevant departments used road traffic surveillance cameras to increase the supervision of the tourist buses along the key "one-day tour" routes, and use intelligence measures such as technology prevention and physical prevention to find and investigate "unlicensed cars" in time.
旅游购物“黑店”由于数量不多、坐地经营，也成为严打重点。	"Tourist trap" during traveling has become a key focus due to its small number and operation in locality.
为强化对非法“一日游”的震慑和打击力度，专项行动中凡一经查实违法违规的，各职能部门一律依法给予从重从严叠加处罚。	In order to strengthen the shock and attack on illegal "one-day tour", all the functional departments will impose heavy and strict punishments according to law, once they have verified the violation of laws and regulations.
今年8月，本市还召开了严打非法“一日游”相关法律问题研讨会，研讨了行政处罚与入刑定罪相结合的手段措施。	In August of this year, the city also held a seminar on legal issues related to illegal "one-day tour", and discussed means and methods combining administrative punishment with conviction of imprisonment.
市旅游委表示，今后将鼓励更多正规旅行社开展北京“一日游 ” ， 加大正规“一日游”的供给，以进一步挤占非法“一日游”的生存空间，目前具体方案还在研究中。	The Municipal Tourism Commission said that in the future, more formal travel agencies will be encouraged to carry out Beijing "one-day tour" and increase the supply of formal "one-day tour" to further occupy the living space of illegal "one-day tour". The specific plan is still under study.
此外，市旅游委还不断完善旅游团电子行程单信息系统，确保每个团队都纳入电子行程单平台监管。	In addition, the Municipal Tourism Commission has continuously improved the electronic travel itinerary information system of the tour group to ensure that each group is included in the electronic itinerary platform supervision.
从一个旅游符号到数字经济符号，这些年乌镇经历了什么	From a tourist symbol to a symbol of digital economy, what has Wuzhen experienced in these years
作为世界互联网大会永久会址，乌镇如何承接好峰会红利，备受关注。	As the permanent site of the World Internet Conference, the way that Wuzhen undertakes the dividend of the summit attracts much attention.
从首届世界互联网大会开始，5年间，乌镇的变化有目共睹。	Since the first World Internet Conference, Wuzhen has obvious changes over the past five years.
2014年，全镇与数字经济、互联网相关的企业仅有12家，到今年第三季度，已经超过500家。	In 2014, there were only 12 enterprises related to the digital economy and Internet all over the town. By the third quarter of this year, there have been more than 500 enterprises.
这是乌镇发展数字经济的一个缩影。	This is a miniature of the development of digital economy in Wuzhen.
互联网大会的召开，让本地企业可零距离接受数字经济、数字化浪潮的启迪，企业转型升级的愿望十分强烈，传统制造企业在机器换人、智能管理等方面加大了投入和研发。	The Internet Conference enables local enterprises to accept the enlightenment of the digital economy and the wave of digitization from zero distance. Enterprises have a strong desire to make transformation and upgrade. Traditional manufacturing enterprises have increased investment and research and development in the aspects of machine substitution, intelligent management, etc.
乌镇镇党委书记姜玮表示，乌镇未来将打造新经济赋能中心。	Jiang Wei, the Party secretary of Wuzhen, says that the town will build a new economic empowered center in the future.
数字经济的发展离不开基础设施的支撑。	The development of digital economy cannot be separated from the support of infrastructure.
今年，乌镇在实现4G通讯网络和免费WiFi全覆盖的基础上，启动了5G试点工作。	This year, Wuzhen has launched a 5G pilot project based on full coverage of 4G communication networks and free WiFi.
同时，乌镇所在的桐乡市作为全国首个建设国际互联网数据专用通道的县级城市，也成为互联网产业发展的热土。	Meanwhile, Tongxiang city, where Wuzhen is located, as the first county-level city in China to build a special channel for international Internet data, has become a hot spot for the development of Internet industry.
首届世界互联网大会以来，桐乡共引进565个数字经济类项目，计划总投资377.25亿元，今年前三季度规上数字经济核心制造业实现总产值87.3亿元，增加值同比增幅13 % 。	Since the first World Internet Conference, Tongxiang has introduced a total of 565 digital economy projects, with a total planning investment of 37.725 billion yuan. In the first three quarters of this year, the core manufacturing industry of digital economy has achieved a total output value of 8.73 billion yuan, and the added value has increased by 13% on year-on-year basis.
“之前乌镇是一个旅游符号，后来多了戏剧和文化符号。因为互联网大会，它现在又成了互联网和数字经济符号 。 ”	"Previously, Wuzhen was a tourism symbol, and then it also become drama and cultural symbols. Due to the Internet Conference, now it has become the symbols of Internet and digital economy. "
桐乡市委书记盛勇军认为，世界互联网大会的红利随着时间推移而累积，因此，也更需要搭建一个平台，承接各方人才、项目、技术等要素的叠加导入。	Sheng Yongjun, the municipal party secretary of Tongxiang, believes that the dividends of the World Internet Conference will accumulate over time. Therefore, it is more necessary to build a platform to undertake the superposition and import of talents, projects, technologies and other elements from all areas.
桐乡人沈怡在外工作20年，因和互联网大会结缘，返乡创业。	Shen Yi, a Tongxiang person, has been working outside for 20 years. Due to attraction of the Internet Conference, he returns home to start a business.
去年12月2日，他带着高容量防篡改数字化技术解决方案，走进了第四届互联网之光博览会，受到了多个客户的青睐。	On December 2 of last year, he participated in the fourth "Light of the Internet" exposition with high-capacity tamper-proof digital technology solutions, which was preferred by many customers.
沈怡选择在乌镇创业不仅是因为家乡情结 ， “ 在乌镇，招人比我想象得要容易，我们的应用也落地很快，乌镇智慧停车项目里就有我们的应用 。 ”	Shen Yi chooses to start his business in Wuzhen not only because of the hometown complex. "At Wuzhen, it is easier to recruit people than I have expected, and our application is also quickly to implement. Our applications are used in the intelligent parking project of Wuzhen. "
一条乌镇大道，呈现了互联网大会的溢出效应。	A Wuzhen avenue presents the spillover effect of the Internet Conference.
这条贯通桐乡南北的大道，不仅串起了旅游景点，还是一条产业大道。	This avenue running north and south of Tongxiang, not only links up tourist attractions, but also is an industrial avenue.
以它为依托，乌镇大道科创集聚区应运而生。	Relying on this avenue, the science and innovation agglomeration area of Wuzhen avenue comes into being.
记者了解到，未来，乌镇大道将成为桐乡产业发展的主阵地，率先大量应用智慧医疗、智慧养老、智慧政务等成果，集聚占全市GDP80%的产业和众多高层次人才。	The reporter learned that the Wuzhen avenue will become the main land of industrial development of Tongxiang in the future, taking the lead in applying masses of achievements of smart medical care, smart pension, smart government affairs, etc., as well as gathering industries which account for 80% of GDP for the whole city and many high-level talents.
印度尼西亚强震引发海啸 已致至少410人遇难	A powerful earthquake in Indonesia has triggered a tsunami and killed at least 410 people
据印尼雅加达警方公共信息局局长29号晚上表示，目前中苏拉威西省的地震已经造成410人死亡，其中97人身份得到确认。	The director of the Bureau of Public Information of Djakarta police in Indonesia said on Day 29 that so far, the earthquake happened in Sulawesi Tengah had killed 410 people, 97 of whom had been identified.
另有29人失踪，540人受伤。	Moreover, 29 people were missing and 540 people were injured.
帕卢机场目前仍然处于关闭状态。	Ruang Tunggu Bandara Mutiara Sis Al Jufri Palu currently remains closed.
积极治疗，中国29周及以上早产儿存活率达98 % ， 已达到发达国家水平。	After aggressive treatment, the survival rate of premature infants of 29 weeks and more gestation is 98% in China, which has reached the level of developed countries.
中新网上海9月30日电 (陈静 罗燕倩)国家儿童医学中心、复旦大学附属儿科医院30日披露，其在领衔的“中国NICU住院早产儿预后质量改进项目”中引入加拿大的先进方法。	ECNS, Shanghai, September 30 (reported by Chen Jing and Luo Yanqian) -- Children's National Medical Center and Children's Hospital of Fudan University disclosed on September 30 that it had introduced the Canadian advanced method in the leading "Prognosis Quality Improvement Project of NICU Hospitalized Premature Infants in China".
项目结果显示，经积极治疗，中国29周及以上早产儿存活率达98 % ， 已达到发达国家水平，但在极小胎龄早产儿及早产儿无并发症存活率仍有较大改进空间。	The project result showed that after aggressive treatment, the survival rate of premature infants of 29 weeks and more gestation was 98% in China, which had reached the level of developed countries. However, the survival rate of premature infants of minimum gestation and the survival rate of premature infants without complications still needed to be improved greatly.
近20年来，中国政府一直关注新生儿的救治。	During the past 20 years, the Chinese government has been paying attention to the treatment of newborns.
目前，上海地区婴儿死亡率降至3.71 ‰ ， 明显低于全国平均水平，达到发达国家的先进水平。	Currently, the infant mortality rate in Shanghai has dropped to 3.71‰, which is significantly lower than the national average level and has reached the advanced level of developed countries.
“中国NICU住院早产儿预后质量改进项目”通过4年不懈努力，大幅度提升了早产儿的生存质量。	The "Prognosis Quality Improvement Project of NICU Hospitalized Premature Infants in China" has significantly improved the survival quality of premature infants through four years of unremitting efforts.
复旦大学附属儿科医院新生儿重症监护室(NICU)主任曹云教授对记者表示，在提高早产儿存活率的同时，关注降低早产儿存活质量，降低并发症发生率，改善神经发育预后，改善患儿整体结局，对提高早产儿总体生存质量和人口素质具有重要意义，是国内外儿科界、新生儿科界关注的重要问题，同时也是本次项目关注的关键问题。	Professor Cao Yun, the director of NICU of Children's Hospital of Fudan University told the reporter that it was of great significance for the improvement of premature infants' overall survival quality and population quality to pay attention to the reduction of premature infants' survival quality, reduce the complication rates, improve the neurodevelopmental prognosis, and improve the overall outcome of baby patients while improving the survival rate of premature infants. It was an important problem of concern to the pediatric and neonatal departments at home and abroad, and it was also a critical issue in this project.
“中国NICU住院早产儿预后质量改进项目”通过4年不懈努力，收录全国数万例胎龄33周及以下的早产儿，使得国内小胎龄和小出生体重早产儿死亡率下降1/3，同时早产儿严重并发症发生率显著下降，大幅度提升了早产儿的生存质量。	The "Prognosis Quality Improvement Project of NICU Hospitalized Premature Infants in China" has included tens of thousands of cases of premature infants of 33 weeks and less gestation in China and has contributed to 1/3 reduction of the mortality rate of premature infants of minimum gestation and small birth weight through four years of unremitting efforts. At the same time, the severe complication rate of premature infants has been significantly reduced and the survival quality of premature infants has been greatly improved.
该项目通过建立全国性新生儿质量改进协作网、引进协作性质量改进理念，辐射全中国25家协作医院，建立一套适合国内国情的协作性改善早产儿预后、提高新生儿救治水平的完整、系统、有效的协作质量改进方法。	This project has established a set of complete, systematic and effective collaborative quality improvement methods, which are suitable for our domestic conditions and will collaboratively improve the prognosis of premature infants and improve the level of neonatal care by setting up the national collaboration network of national quality improvement, introducing the concepts of collaborative quality improvement, and combing 25 cooperative hospitals in China.
复旦大学附属儿科医院正联合全国新生儿科力量，根据项目积累经验，制定新生儿感染诊治指南，为中国新生儿感染的规范诊疗提供参考和指导。	Children's Hospital of Fudan University is connecting the forces of neonatal departments across the country, and developing the guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections based on the experience accumulated in the project in order to provide reference and guidance for the standard diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections.
据了解，在“中国早产儿预后质量改进项目”中，儿科医院将EPIQ方法引入全国19个省份25个大型NICU，致力于解决困扰中国新生儿监护室的早产儿感染问题。	It is reported that in the "Prognosis Quality Improvement Project of NICU Hospitalized Premature Infants in China", the pediatric hospitals has introduced the EPIQ methods into 25 large NICU in 19 provinces in order to solve the disturbing problem of neonatal infections in China NICU.
历经10余年不断完善，加拿大全国早产儿无并发症存活率增加约1/3，加拿大目前已跻身全球早产儿预后最好的国家之一。	After more than 10 years of constant improvement, the survival rate of premature infants without complications in Canada has increased by about 1/3. Canada is now one of the countries with the best prognosis in premature infants in the world.
EPIQ方法现已经应用于加拿大全国所有的NICU，并被6个国家采纳应用。	The EPIQ methods have been widely applied to all NICUs in Canada, and have been adopted by 6 other countries.
儿科医院方面透露，研究结果显示EPIQ干预两年后，早产儿感染下降35 % ， 同时抗生素使用率下降20 % 。	According to the pediatric hospital, the research results show that after implementing the EPIQ intervention for two years, the infection rate of premature infants will drop by 35%, and the usage rate of antibiotics will drop by 20%.
未来，复旦大学附属儿科医院将继续将此方法向全国范围进行推广和实施，着眼于全面降低早产儿所有并发症发生率，改善全国新生儿的救治质量。	In the future, Children's Hospital of Fudan University will continue to promote and implement these methods in the whole country, aiming at comprehensively reducing the occurrence rates of all complications in premature infants and improving the quality of treatment for newborns in China.
当下，中国各地区救治水平却存在差异和不均质性是不争的事实。	At present, it is an indisputable fact that there are differences and inequalities in the level of treatment in various regions in China.
据曹云教授介绍，作为国家儿童医学中心的重要建设单位，儿科医院将发挥引领辐射作用，本项研究覆盖新疆、贵州、甘肃、陕西等多个西部省份，以期逐步促进全国范围内新生儿救治的同质化和规范化。	According to Professor Cao Yun's introduction, the pediatric hospital will play a leading role as an important construction unit of Children's National Medical Center. This project covers Xinjiang, Guizhou, Gansu, Shaanxi and many other western provinces, with the goal of gradually promoting the homogenization and standardization of neonatal treatment throughout the country.
据了解，复旦大学附属儿科医院正联合全国新生儿科力量，根据项目积累经验，制定新生儿感染诊治指南，为中国新生儿感染的规范诊疗提供参考和指导。	It is reported that Children's Hospital of Fudan University is connecting the forces of neonatal departments across the country, and developing the guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections based on the experience accumulated in the project in order to provide reference and guidance for the standard diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections.
据透露，2019年，协调中心位于复旦大学附属儿科医院的中国新生儿协作网，将联合全国63家医院进行下一阶段全国性质量改进，以期促进中国新生儿救治水平的均制化发展。	It has been revealed that the coordination center's Chinese Neonatal Network located at Children's Hospital of Fudan University will unite 63 hospitals across China to carry out the next stage of national quality improvement in 2019, with the goal of promoting the homogenization of neonatal treatment in China.
上海市卫生计生委主任邬惊雷表示，上海能成为亚洲中心的中心城市，不仅体现在研究、同样整个服务体系的建设，服务质量和服务成果都应该在亚洲有一席之地，从而真正体现中国的医疗水平。	Wu Jinglei, the director of Shanghai Health and Family Planning Commission, says that Shanghai can become a central city in Asia center. Its research, construction of the entire service system, service quality and service outcomes should have a place in Asia, in order to truly reflect China's medical level.
辛识平：筑起心中的“英雄纪念碑 ”————写在第五个烈士纪念日。	Xin Shiping: Build the "monument of heroes" in the heart - written on the fifth Memorial Day.
9月30日，共和国69岁华诞前夕，我们迎来了第五个烈士纪念日，习近平等党和国家领导人来到天安门广场，出席向人民英雄敬献花篮仪式。	On September 30, on the eve of the 69th birthday of the People's Republic of China, we ushered in the fifth Memorial Day. Xi Jinping and other Party and state leaders came to the Tian'anmen Square to attend the ceremony for presenting flower baskets to the people's heroes.
此时此刻，无论你身在何处，请向英烈致敬。	At this moment, please pay tribute to the heroes wherever you are.
纪念日，是重温，更是唤醒。	The Memorial Day is not only for reviving, but also for awakening.
翻开厚重的历史，每一位烈士的名字背后，都是一个鲜活的生命。	Look back the rich history, every martyr’s name represents a fresh life.
他们，也有火热的青春，有真挚的爱情，有牵挂的家人。	They also have fiery youth, sincere love and caring families.
然而，因为坚信“我们信仰的主义，乃是宇宙的真理 ” ， 为了“免除下一代的苦难 ” ， 他们甘愿牺牲自己的一切。	However, for the belief that "the doctrine we believe in is the truth of the universe", and for the purpose to "spare the suffering of the next generation", they are willing to sacrifice everything.
“我生存一天就要为中国呼喊一天 ” 。	"I would cry for China in each day of my life".
穿越时空，英烈们立起一个个精神路标，指引着前行的方向。	Through time and space, the heroes set up spiritual signposts to guide the way forward.
“从哪里来，向何处去 ” “ 做一个什么样的人 ” ， 读懂英烈，不难得出答案。	"Where do you come from and where do you go?"; "What kind of man you want to be?"; It's not hard to have the answers if you understand the heroes.
纪念英烈，最重要的是在心中筑起一座“英雄纪念碑 ” 。	In memory of heroes, the most important thing is to build a "monument of heroes" in the heart.
据不完全统计，革命战争年代以来，约有2000万名烈士为民族独立、人民解放、国家富强英勇献身。	According to the incomplete statistics, since the revolutionary wartime, around 20 million martyrs have died heroically for national independence, liberation of the people and prosperity of the country.
由于种种原因，许多先烈甚至没有留下姓名。	Due to various reasons, many martyrs don’t even leave their names.
无数英烈以鲜血浇灌理想，用生命践行信仰，铭记他们的英名，传承他们的精神，就是守护民族的根与魂。	Countless heroes and martyrs enrich ideals with blood, practice faith with life. To remember their names and inherit their spirit, is to protect the nation's root and soul.
这座“英雄纪念碑 ” ， 不容任何污损和破坏。	This "monument of heroes" cannot be stained or damaged.
一段时间以来，历史虚无主义、泛娱乐化等暗流涌动。	For some time, the historical nihilism, abused entertainment and other undercurrents emerge.
种种扭曲历史、贬损英烈的做法，挑战正义良知，错乱价值判断，引起全社会的公愤与警觉。	All sorts of actions that distort and disparage heroes and martyrs, challenge just conscience, derange value judgments, and cause the public indignation and vigilance of the whole society.
英烈不容亵渎，英雄不能忘却。	Heroes and martyrs cannot be desecrated, and heroes cannot be forgotten.
对触碰底线的行为，不能听之任之，必须敢于亮剑，以法治正义捍卫英烈尊严。	We cannot let actions that touch the bottom line drift. We must dare to show our sword and uphold the dignity of heroes with rule of law and justice.
今年5月1日，英雄烈士保护法正式施行。	On May 1, the law for the protection of heroes and martyrs came into force.
从司法实践来看，一些案件的判决大快人心，既依法有效维护英烈光辉形象，又释放出崇尚英雄、敬仰先烈的正能量。	From the perspective of judicial practice, the verdict of some cases is to the satisfaction of the masses, which not only effectively maintains the glorious image of heroes in accordance with the law, but also releases the positive energy for respecting heroes and martyrs.
一个有追求的民族不能没有英雄，一个有理想的国家不能没有先锋。	A nation with pursuits cannot live without heroes, and a country with ideals cannot live without pioneers.
缅怀先烈、呼唤英雄，已成为普遍的社会共识。	It has become a common social consensus to recall the martyrs and call for heroes.
目前，全国共有各类纪念设施上百万座，每年有一亿多人次到烈士陵园参观瞻仰。	Currently, there are millions of memorial facilities of various kinds in China, and more than 100 million people visit the martyrs' cemetery every year.
人心是最坚固的基石。	The hearts of the people are the strongest footstones.
让崇尚英雄、捍卫英雄、学习英雄、关爱英雄蔚然成风，让英烈精神融入民族血脉，一座座“英雄纪念碑”将巍然屹立于天地之间、人心深处。	Let advocating heroes, defending heroes, learning from heroes and caring heroes prevail, and let the spirit of heroes merge into the national blood. The "monument of heroes" will stand firmly between sky and earth and deep in the hearts of the people.
路透布鲁塞尔9月28日 - 在意大利蔑视欧盟要求，以大规模预算赤字计划让市场大感意外后，欧盟周五对意大利采取非对峙的立场，但如果意大利坚持太大胆的目标，欧盟或许会采取更为激进的立场。	Report of Reuters on September 28 in Brussels: The European Union took a non-confrontational stance against Italy on Friday after Italy looked down upon EU demands and surprised the market with a massive budget deficit plan. But if Italy stuck to a too bold goal, the EU might take a more radical stance.
意大利疑欧派政府的目标是未来三年预算赤字相当于国内生产总值(GDP)的2.4 % ， 这表明仅管面临减赤要求仍未有债务削减。	The aim of Italian Eurosceptic government was that the budget deficit was equivalent to 2.4% of gross domestic product (GDP) in the next three years, suggesting that there was no debt reduction despite deficit reduction requirements.
欧盟执委会经济事务执委莫斯可维西周五表示 ， “ 我们对执委会和意大利之间的危机没有兴趣 ， ” 由于欧盟的建议和制裁可能对意大利几无影响，他采取谨慎的回应。	Moscovici, the executive committee member of economic affairs of the European Commission, said on Friday, "We are not interested in the crisis between the European Commission and Italy," he responded cautiously since the proposals and sanctions of the European Commission might have little impact on Italy.
欧盟官员和外交官仍希望在意大利10月中正式提交给欧盟执委会前，市场力量将能说服意大利调整其预算计划。	The officials and diplomats of the European Commission still hoped that market forces would persuade Italy to adjust its budget plan before Italy officially submitted it to the European Commission in mid-October.
政府宣布其计划后，欧元周五跌至近两周来最低水平，意大利债券收益率则触及三周来最高位。	After the government announced its plan, the euro fell to its lowest level in nearly two weeks on Friday, while the Italian bond yields hit their highest level in three weeks.
如果赤字目标在10月最后期限前仍保持不变，欧盟执委会可能会否决意大利的预算草案，这是该执委会从未对任何国家做过的事情。	If the deficit goal remained unchanged before the deadline in October, the European Commission might veto the Italian draft budget, which has never been done to any country by the European Commission.
欧盟执委会副主席东布洛夫斯基周五后来在拉脱维亚首都里加的一个会议上称，意大利当前的财政计划“似乎与稳定与增长公约不符 ” ， 他指的是欧盟的财政规定。	Dombrowski, the Vice-President of the European Commission said at a meeting in Riga, the capital of Latvia later on Friday that current Italian fiscal plan "seems to be inconsistent with the Stability and Growth Convention", which was referred to the EU fiscal provisions.
但他并没有说这会引发欧盟作何反应。	However, he did not mention how this would trigger a response of the EU.
投标者可在今年10月26日前递交参加此次公开招标的申请。	Bidders may submit their applications for participation in this open tender before October 26 this year.
此前俄农业部将中国作为俄罗斯农产品出口的优先市场之一。	Previously, the Russian Ministry of Agriculture regarded China as one of the priority markets for Russian agricultural exports.
俄罗斯农业监督局五月份宣布，本农业年度俄对华粮食出口首次超过100万吨，创新纪录。	The Russian Agricultural Supervision Bureau announced in May that Russian grain exports to China exceeded 1 million tons for the first time in this agricultural year, setting a new record.
该局预测中国可能进入前十大俄罗斯粮食进口国之列。	The bureau predicts that China may become the top ten Russian grain importers.
中新社札幌9月30日电 继首战3：0战胜古巴队后，中国女排30日再度以3：0战胜土耳其队，收获2018年世锦赛小组赛两连胜。	China News Service, Sapporo, September 30 - After the 3-0 victory over Cuba in the first game, the Chinese women’s volleyball team defeated Turkey with the score of 3-0 on the 30th once again and won two consecutive victories in the 2018 World Championships.
但与首战相比，中国女排此役更显艰险。	However, compared with the first battle, the Chinese women’s volleyball team was more difficult.
2018女排世锦赛共有24支队伍参加，中国女排与意大利、土耳其、保加利亚、加拿大和古巴分在B组。	There are 24 teams participating in the 2018 World Women’s Volleyball Championship. The Chinese women’s volleyball team is in Group B with Italy, Turkey, Bulgaria, Canada and Cuba.
从B组各队的世界排名和整体实力来看，土耳其队和意大利队是中国队的主要对手。	From the world rankings and overall strength of the B teams, the Turkish team and the Italian team are the main competitors of the Chinese team.
当日比赛开始后，中国队较快进入状态，开局便取得领先，全程保持住优势，在发球和拦网上都给对手不小压力，以25：18较为顺利地拿下首局。	After the start of the game on the same day, the Chinese team got into a groove relatively quickly, and they took the lead in the opening. They maintained their advantage in the whole process. They gave the opponents a big pressure on the serve and the block. They won the first game smoothly at 25:18.
第二局进入状态的土耳其队发球十分凶悍，开局便取得了6：2的领先，中国队请求暂停后调整了阵型，逐渐将比分追至7平，随后又多次拦网得分，打出7：0的得分潮；局末土耳其队一度将比分追至15：19；中国队在24：20拿到局点后，顽强的土耳其队又连追2分；中国队再次请求暂停后，凭借朱婷的跑动进攻得分，以25：23拿下第二局。	The Turkish team that got into a groove in the second game was very fierce on their serving. They took the lead with the score of 6:2. The Chinese team requested a timeout to adjust the formation and gradually evened the score to 7. Then they scored several times of block and scored 7:0. At the end of the game, the Turkish team once chased the score to 15:19; after the Chinese team got the game point at 24:20, the tenacious Turkey team even chased 2 points; the Chinese team once again requested a timeout, with Zhu Ting’s moving attack to get score and take the second game at 25:23.
第三局局势十分胶着，双方比分交替上升，一度打成19平。	The situation in the third game was very tight, and the scores of the two sides rose alternately, once evened the score of 19.
关键时刻土耳其队出现失误，中国队以21：19领先后，又凭借朱婷的大力扣杀和张常宁的进攻以24：21获得赛点；随后土耳其队将比分追至23：24，中国队请求暂停后，张常宁进攻得分，中国队以25：23锁定胜局。	At the crucial moment, the Turkish team made a mistake. After the Chinese team led by 21:19, they won the match point with 24:21 by Zhu Ting’s powerful smash and Zhang Changning’s attack. Then the Turkish team chased the score to 23:24, After the Chinese team requested a time out, Zhang Changning scored by attack and the Chinese team locked the victory at 25:23.
中国女排主教练郎平赛后坦言，整场比赛并不轻松。	Chinese women’s volleyball coach Lang Ping said after the game that the whole game was not easy.
“我们准备得比较充分，拦网不错，土耳其队技术比较全面，我们必须减少失误，力争通过自己主动得分取得胜利 。 ”	"We are well prepared, the aspect of block is good, the Turkish team is more comprehensive, we must reduce mistakes and strive to win by ourselves. "
面对昔日熟悉的队友，效力于土耳其瓦基佛银行队的朱婷在当天比赛第一局受到不少限制，随后她主动求变，依旧发挥了强有力的进攻。	Faced with the familiar teammates in the past, Zhu Ting, who played for the VakıfBank Sports Club, received a lot of restrictions in the first game of the day. Then she took the initiative to make changes and still played a strong offense.
“和对手彼此都很熟悉，被对手盯防很正常，但中国队发挥到极致，在一传不顺的情况下拦网和进攻都发挥得很好 。 ”	"My opponents and I are very familiar with each other. It is normal to be marked by the opponent, but the Chinese team is playing to the extreme, and the block and the offense are playing well in the case of a bad first pass. "
接下来中国女排将休战一日，进行体能和技术训练；10月2日将迎战小组赛第三个对手加拿大队。	Next, the Chinese women’s volleyball team will take a day off for physical and technical training; on October 2nd, they will face the third team in the group match, Canada.
中新网衡水9月30日电 (崔志平 王鹏)30日，河北衡水高新区举行2018年下半年重点项目集中开工仪式。	China News Service, Hengshui, September 30 (Cui Zhiping, Wang Peng) - On the 30th, Hebei Hengshui High-tech Industrial Development Zone held centralized opening ceremony for key projects in the next half year of 2018.
当日6个项目集中开工，总投资42.9亿元人民币。	On that day, six projects were centralized staring construction, with a total investment of 4.29 billion.
当日，衡水市委常委、副市长杨士坤宣布开工。	On the same day, Yang Shikun, member of the Municipal Standing Committee of Hengshui Municipal Committee and deputy mayor, announced the start of construction.
据河北衡水高新区管委会主任姚幸福介绍，今天集中开工的6个项目，总投资42.9亿元，均为产业项目，其中既有传统产业的转型升级，又有新兴产业的培育引进，涵盖了军民融合、云工厂、食品、医药、化工等多个行业，项目科技含量高、产业层次高、产品附加值高。	Yao Xingfu, Director of Hebei Hengshui High-tech Industrial Development Zone Administrative Committee, introduced that the 6 projects centralized started construction today had 4.29 billion yuan investment and were all industrial projects, among which there are transformation and upgrading for traditional industry and culturing and introduction for emerging industry, covering military and civilian integration, cloud factory, food, medicine, chemical engineering and other high scientific and technological content, high industrial level and high products added value industries.
相信，这批项目的建设和投产，必将为高新区提前实现“建设千亿级产业园、争创国家级高新区”目标注入强大的动力。	It is believed that the construction and commissioning of this batch of projects will certainly inject a strong impetus into the goal of "building a 100 billion industrial park and striving for a national high-tech zone" ahead of schedule.
衡水市委常委、副市长杨士坤宣布项目开工。	Yang Shikun, member of the Municipal Standing Committee of Hengshui Municipal Committee and deputy mayor, announced the start of construction.
姚幸福说，该区先后成功开展了中国・衡水国际生命科学峰会暨大健康产业发展论坛、中科院院士高端装备产业衡水峰会、2018・衡水京津冀“双协同”创新论坛等一系列重大活动，大力发展新材料能源、大健康、高端装备制造三大战略性新兴产业。	Yao Xingfu said that the zone successfully held China Hengshui International Life Science Summit to Promote the Development of the Great Health Industry BBS, Hengshui Chinese Academy of Sciences Academician High-end Equipment Summit, 2018 Hengshui Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei "Double Synergy" Innovation Forum and other a series of major events to develop the three strategic emerging industries of new material energy, massive health, high-end equipment manufacturing
中美干细胞项目将于年底正式投产。	The Sino-US stem cell project will be officially put into operation at the end of the year.
中科钒钛全系项目万吨级中试基地，国内首台、世界最大的兆瓦级超临界二氧化碳压缩机实验平台开工建设。	CAS vanadium-titanium whole series project 10,000-ton pilot base, the first domestic and the world’s largest megawatt-scale supercritical carbon-dioxide gas compressor experimental platform started construction.
运算能力跻身世界前十的雄安(衡水)先进超级计算中心已经省市批复建设。	Xiong’an (Hengshui) Advanced Supercomputing Center, which ranks among the top ten in the world, has been approved by the provincial and municipal governments to construct.
姚幸福表示，该区年底将完成数字信息、新能源新材料、生命健康三个研发基地和展示中心等24万平米的科技谷二期主体工程。	Yao Xingfu said that at the end of the year, the second phase main work of the 240,000 square meters Tech Valley of three research and development bases and exhibition centers for digital information, new energy and new materials and life health will be completed.
将积极打造“中科院+”创新模式“升级版 ” ， 建设“两院一平台一基地 ” ， 通过多学科交叉、多单位协作、多产业融合，推动科技成果集成创新。	It will actively create an upgraded innovative version of the "CAS+", and build a "two institutes, one platform and one base" to promote the integration of scientific and technological achievements through multidisciplinary, multi-unit collaboration and multi-industry integration.
近千个国有景区下调门票价格 半数以上降幅超20 %	Nearly 1,000 national scenic spots have cut ticket prices and the decreasing amplitude of more than half of them is over 20%
[摘要]截至9月28日，各地已出台实施或发文向社会公布了981个景区免费开放或降价措施(免费开放74个，降价907个 ) ， 云南石林、大理三塔、玉龙雪山，广西桂林漓江、福建武夷山、湖南张家界、陕西兵马俑、江西三清山、新疆喀纳斯等景区均实行了降价。	[Abstract] As of September 28, various regions have introduced and implemented, or issued a document to publish to the public for measures of free or reduced-price opening for 981 scenic spots (74 spots for free and 907 spots for price reduction). The prices have been reduced in the scenic spots in Yunnan Stone Forest, the Dali Three Pagodas, the Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, the Lijiang River in Guilin, Guangxi, Fujian Wuyi Mountain, Zhangjiajie in Hunan, Terracotta Army in Shaanxi, Mount Sanqingshan in Jiangxi and Kanas in Xinjiang.
为贯彻落实中央经济工作会议和《政府工作报告》决策部署，国家发展改革委于6月28日印发了《关于完善国有景区门票价格形成机制 降低重点国有景区门票价格的指导意见 》 ( 以下简称指导意见 ) ， 要求从合理界定门票定价成本构成、创新价格管理方式、严格履行定价程序等方面，完善国有景区门票价格形成机制，确保9月底前降低偏高的重点国有景区门票价格取得明显成效。	In order to implement the deployment of the decision of the Central Economic Working Conference and the Government Work Report, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Guiding Opinions on Improving the Formation Mechanism of Ticket Prices in State-owned Scenic Spots and Reducing Ticket Prices in Key State-owned Scenic Spots (hereinafter referred to as the Guiding Opinions) on June 28, requiring to improve the formation mechanism of ticket prices in state-owned scenic spots in terms of reasonable definition of the composition of ticket pricing costs, innovative price management methods and strict implementation pricing procedures, to ensure to achieve remarkable results for reducing the relatively high ticket prices in key state-owned scenic spots by the end of September.
各地按照部署要求，积极开展工作，已先后降低了一批重点国有景区门票价格。	Various regions have actively carried out work according to the deployment requirements and reduced a batch of key state-owned scenic spot ticket prices.
截至9月28日，各地已出台实施或发文向社会公布了981个景区免费开放或降价措施(免费开放74个，降价907个 ) ， 其中5A级景区159个，4A级景区534个，二者合计693个，占70.6 % 。	As of September 28, various regions have introduced and implemented, or issued a document to publish to the public for measures of free or reduced-price opening for 981 scenic spots (74 spots for free and 907 spots for price reduction). Among them, there are 159 5A scenic spots and 534 4A scenic spots, with a total of 693 and accounting for 70.6%.
降价的907个景区中，降幅超过20%的491个，占54.3 % ， 降幅超过30%的214个，占23.6 % 。	Among 907 scenic spots which have reduced prices, the number of the attractions with the decreasing amplitude of more than 20% is 491, accounting for 54.3% and the number of the attractions with the decreasing amplitude of more than 30% is 214, accounting for 23.6%.
云南、山东、广西、陕西等省份降价景区数量较多，其中云南降价景区数量过百，总体降幅30%以上。	Yunnan, Shandong, Guangxi, Shaanxi and other provinces have a relatively large number of price reduction scenic spots, of which the number of price reduction scenic spots in Yunnan is more than 100, with an overall decreasing amplitude of more than 30%.
安徽、重庆等8省(区、市)政府定价5A级景区全部实现降价。	The governments of Anhui, Chongqing and other six provinces (districts or cities) have all reduced prices for 5A scenic spots.
社会关注度高的云南石林、大理三塔、玉龙雪山，广西桂林漓江、福建武夷山、湖南张家界、陕西兵马俑、江西三清山、新疆喀纳斯等景区均实行了降价。	The prices have been reduced in the scenic spots with high social attention in Yunnan Stone Forest, the Dali Three Pagodas, the Jade Dragon Snow Mountain, the Lijiang River in Guilin, Guangxi, Fujian Wuyi Mountain, Zhangjiajie in Hunan, Terracotta Army in Shaanxi, Mount Sanqingshan in Jiangxi and Kanas in Xinjiang.
重点国有景区门票价格逐步回归合理区间，有利于推动旅游业加快由门票经济向产业经济、小众旅游向大众旅游、景点旅游向全域旅游转型升级，有利于形成旅游业供给结构优化和旅游消费需求稳步扩大的良性循环，推动景区及旅游业实现持续健康发展。	The ticket prices of key state-owned scenic spots are gradual returning to the reasonable range, which is conducive to promoting the tourism industry to accelerate the transformation and upgrading from ticket economy to industrial economy, from minority tourism to mass tourism and from scenic spot tourism to all-for-one tourism, as well as conducive to forming a virtuous circle of optimization of the supply structure of tourism industry and steady expansion of the demand for tourism consumption, and promoting the sustainable and healthy development of scenic spots and tourism industry.
国家发展改革委同时强调，各地要加强景区价格秩序规范，引导景区提升服务，确保降价不降质。	The National Development and Reform Commission also emphasizes that various regions should strengthen the regulation of price order in scenic spots, guide scenic spots to improve their services, and ensure to reduce prices without reducing quality.
此外，对近期媒体反映的个别景区门票价格降幅过小和明降实不降等问题，国家发展改革委已进行了专项督查，要求各地严肃处理，及时回应社会关切，切实把降价执行到位。	Moreover, for the problems that the decreasing amplitude of ticket prices in some scenic spots is too small and so-called reduction but no practical reduction recently reported by the media, the National Development and Reform Commission has made a special inspection to require various regions to seriously solve the problems, timely respond to the social concerns, and effectively implement price reductions.
贸促局有序开展短中长期优化工作	IPIM carries out short, medium and long term optimization work in an orderly manner
澳门贸易投资促进局已提交了关於“重大投资移民＂和“技术移民”的短中长期优化工作报告，目前除加紧推进和落实报告内的各项工作外，亦一直持续听取社会意见，对报告内容和相关工作持续优化。	The Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Institute has submitted a report of short, medium and long term optimization work on the "significant investment migration" and "skilled migration". Currently, except for step-up promotion and implementation of various tasks in the report, the institute has been continuously listening to social opinions and optimizing the contents of the report and related work.
贸促局将尽快就相关优化工作向社会各界作介绍。	IPIM will introduce relevant optimization work to all sectors of the community as soon as possible.
当中有5项是於今年内开展的短期措施；5项是於2019年内开展的中期措施；1项为长期措施。	Among them, 5 items are short-term measures that will be carried out this year; 5 items are medium-term measures that will be carried out in 2019; 1 item is a long-term measure.
此外，贸促局亦按经济财政司司长梁维特指示，全面检视内部的管理制度。	Moreover, IPIM will also comprehensively review its internal management system under the direction of the Secretary for Economy and Finance, Mr Liang Weite.
於今年内开展的5项短期措施包括：	5 short-term measures that will be carried out this year are as follows:
1.开展覆查工作。优先覆查即将届满7年的个案、廉署报告所提及的个案、以及新续期个案。倘发现存有不当情事或违法迹象的个案，必将主动转介有关司法机关跟进处理；	1. Carry out review work. The cases with expiration of 7 years and those mentioned in the ICAC report, and new renewal cases will be reviewed in priority. If there are cases that have inappropriate matters or illegal evidences, they will be actively referred to the relevant judicial authorities for follow-up action;
2.实地巡查涉及“重大投资移民”的项目。至9月下旬已巡查了超过20个投资项目；	2. Make field inspection of projects related to the "significant investment migration". By late September, more than 20 investment projects have been inspected;
3.对现时的评审制度作全面检讨。在评审“重大投资移民＂申请方面，已重新订立了分析投资项目的六项原则；而在评审“技术移民＂申请方面，将透过明确有利於本澳发展的元素及优先吸纳人才的条件，完善有关审批机制。同时已订定了年度优先引进人才的“五行业十工种＂清单，以配合特区政府施政方向，更有针对性地吸纳人才；	3. Take a comprehensive review of the current evaluation system. Six principles for the analysis of investment projects have been re-established in the review of applications for "significant investment migration"; in the review of applications for "skilled migration", the relevant approval mechanism will be improved through the conditions for identifying the elements conducive to the development of Macao and having priority in selecting talents. Meanwhile, an annual list of "five industries and ten types of work" for having priority in selecting talents has been established, in order to correspond to the policy direction of the SAR government, being more targeted to select talents;
4.陆续增加资讯透明度。包括计划在今年第四季起逐步公布审批准则、评分标准及比重，并进一步细化及公开审批数据；	4. Successively increase data transparency. This includes plans to gradually publish the approval criteria, scoring standards and proportions from the fourth quarter of this year, and further refine the approval data and make it known to the public;
5.完善确认机制工作方面，已要求确认前查核在澳工作情况；重大投资则必须到现场查核及提交财务报表。	5. It has been required to check the work situation in Macau before confirmation in the improvement the work of confirmation mechanism; significant investments must be checked on site and their financial statements must be submitted.
於2019年内开展的5项中期措施包括：	5 medium-term measures that will be carried out in 2019 are as follows:
1.建立定期听取人才发展委员会和经济发展委员会意见的机制。其中已於9月与经济发展委员会举行工作会议，商讨建立有关机制的事宜。	1. Establish a mechanism to regularly listen to the opinions of the Talent Development Committee and the Economic Development Committee. Thereinto, a working meeting with the Economic Development Committee was held in September to discuss the establishment of the mechanism.
2.要求申请人每年提交由独立第三方所作成的财务报表，以持续审视投资项目的营运状况；	2. The applicant is required to submit the annual financial statements made by an independent third party to continuously review the operation of the investment project;
3.进一步将个案申请和审批的流程标准化和电子化，以减少人为失误；	3. Further standardize and electronize the process of individual case applications and approvals to reduce human error;
4.全面检视现时人手配置，配合多项优化措施的落实；	4. Make a comprehensive review of current personnel allocation to coordinate with the implementation of various optimization measures;
5.加紧修改《投资者、管理人员及具特别资格技术人员临时居留制度》的研究工作。	5. Intensify the research on the revision of the Temporary Residence System for Investors, Managers and Technical Personnel with Special Qualifications.
至於长期措施，加紧修法研究，预计於2019年上半年开展有关法规草拟工作，争取尽快完成，进一步明确临时居留许可的审批标准、审查机制和确认机制，并增加贸促局调查职能，以更精准地审批及监管临时居留许可申请。	As for the long-term measures, the research on the regulation revision is to be intensified and it is expected that the drafting of relevant laws and regulations will be carried out in the first half of 2019, with a view to completing the work as soon as possible. Further clarify the approval criteria, review mechanism and confirmation mechanism of temporary residence permits, and increase the investigation function of IPIM, in order to more accurately approve and supervise the applications for temporary residence permits.
全国无膜棉现场观摩暨研讨交流活动专家走进试验田，听取中国工程院喻树迅院士团队代表介绍情况。	National wide film-free cotton on-site observation and discussion exchange activities experts walk into test fields, listen to the situation presentation from CAE Yu Shuxun academician team representative.
中新网新疆沙雅9月30日电(耿丹丹 王小军)位于新疆沙雅县的无膜棉种植试验基地，无膜棉长势喜人，与旁边有地膜棉花相比“毫不逊色 ” ， 一簇簇雪白的棉花竞相“开放 ” ， 挂满枝头。	China News Service, Xinjiang, Xayar, September 30 (Geng Dandan, Wang Xiaojun) - Located in the Xayar County of Xinjiang, the cotton planted in film-free cotton planting test base has a breathtaking growth. Compared with the film cotton next to it, it is not inferior in any respect. A cluster of snow-white cotton competes "blooming" and is full of branches.
9月27日至28日，全国无膜棉现场观摩暨研讨交流活动在新疆沙雅县举行。	From September 27 to 28, the nationwide film-free cotton on-site observation and discussion exchange activities were held in Xayar County, Xinjiang.
记者在观摩会上了解到，以“中棉619”及其配套栽培措施为主体的无膜棉技术体系，初步实现了棉田无膜化种植的目标，减少了新疆棉田残膜对生态环境和原棉的污染，无膜棉综合技术研究与示范取得重大进展。	The reporter learned at the observation meeting that the film-free cotton technology system with "Chinese Cotton 619" and its supporting cultivation measures as the main body has initially achieved the goal of film-free planting in cotton fields, reducing the pollution of the Xinjiang cotton field film residue to the ecological environment and raw cotton. And film-free cotton integrated technology’s research and demonstration have achieved significant progresses.
中国工程院院士、著名棉花遗传育种家、国家现代农业产业技术体系棉花体系首席科学家喻树迅院士给浙江农林大学校党委书记周国模介绍无膜棉生长情况。	Academician Yu Shuxun, academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, famous cotton genetic breeder and chief scientist of the national modern agricultural industrial technology system’s cotton system, introduced the growth of film-free cotton for Zhou Guomo, secretary of the Party Committee of Zhejiang A&F University.
“我们研发的无膜棉综合技术能够完全实现不用地膜种植棉花，可以彻底解决残膜污染难题，实现绿色植棉 。 ”	"The comprehensive technology of the film-free cotton developed by us can completely realize the cotton planting without the film, and can completely solve the problem of residual film pollution and realize green cotton planting. "
中国工程院院士喻树迅介绍。	Yu Shuxun described, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.
新疆是中国最重要的产棉区，据国家统计局统计，2017年新疆棉花种植面积为3500万亩，占全国棉花面积的61 % 。	Xinjiang is China’s most important cotton-producing region. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the cotton planting area in Xinjiang in 2017 was 35 million mu, accounting for 61% of the national cotton area.
自1982年地膜引进中国以来，新疆地区各类农作物覆膜面积达5000万亩以上，地膜年使用量约30万吨左右。	Since the introduction of mulching film in China in 1982, the filmed area of various types of crops in Xinjiang has reached more than 50 million mu, and the annual use of mulching film is about 30 million tons.
其中，棉花地膜覆盖率达到100 % ， 棉田覆膜占新疆地膜使用量的60%左右。	Among them, cotton mulching film coverage rate reached 100%, and cotton field mulching film accounted for about 60% of Xinjiang film use.
无膜棉进行测产，棉产量完全可以实现亩产320公斤到350公斤。	Use film-free cotton for production measurement, and the cotton output can be fully realized from 320 kg to 350 kg per mu.
随着新疆地膜投入量的不断增加，残留地膜回收率低，土壤中残膜量逐步增加，残膜造成土壤结构破坏等一系列问题，严重影响农业可持续发展。	With the increasing amount of mulching film input in Xinjiang, the residual film recovery rate is low, the residual film volume in the soil is gradually increased, and the soil structure damages and other problems caused by residual film seriously affects the sustainable development of agriculture.
残膜不仅对土壤造成严重污染，而且对棉花纤维品质也有很大影响。	The residual film not only causes serious pollution to the soil, but also has a great influence on the quality of cotton fiber.
目前，新疆超过1/3的棉田实现了机械化采收。	Currently, more than one-third of the cotton fields in Xinjiang have achieved mechanized harvesting.
2017年，新疆机采棉面积约1400万亩。	In 2017, Xinjiang mechanized harvesting area is about 14 million mu.
机采棉收获过程中收入大量地表、棉株上的碎膜，掺杂在原棉中的碎膜在原棉加工过程中难以清除，在后续纺织加工过程中也无法彻底清除，严重影响纺织产品的质量。	In the process of cotton mechanized harvesting, a large amount of broken film on earth surface and the cotton plant are picked up. The broken film doped in the raw cotton is difficult to remove during the processing of raw cotton, and can not be completely removed in the subsequent textile processing process, seriously affecting the quality of textile products.
9月28日，全国无膜棉现场观摩暨研讨交流活动在新疆沙雅县举行。	On September 28, the nationwide film-free cotton on-site observation and discussion exchange activities were held in Xayar County, Xinjiang.
为着力解决棉田地膜污染，简化植棉技术，提高棉田效益，喻树迅带领他的团队通过8年时间，实施“中棉619”无膜棉技术种植，为新疆农业绿色发展“添翼 ” 。	In order to solve the cotton mulching film pollution, simplify the cotton planting technology and improve the cotton field efficiency, Yu Shuxun led his team to use 8 years to implement the "Chinese Cotton 619" film-free cotton technology planting, adding "advantages" to Xinjiang’s agricultural green development.
喻树迅介绍，通过创新育种新思路，培育出特早熟、耐盐碱、耐低温、丰产的陆地棉新品系“中棉619 ” 。	Yu Shuxun introduced, with the new idea of innovative breeding, they cultivate a new line of extra early ripening, saline-alkaline tolerance, low temperature resistant, and high yield upland cotton "Chinese Cotton 619".
“ ‘ 中棉619’在新疆南部地区无膜栽培条件下，实现了无膜播种机械配套、播种深度改进、无膜条件下滴管带浅埋、适宜播种密度筛选、合理化学调控等一系列配套措施 。 ”	" ‘Chinese Cotton 619’ has achieved a series of supporting measures such as film-free seeding machinery, improved seeding depth, shallow buried in drip irrigation zone, suitable seeding density screening, and reasonable chemical regulation under the condition of film-free cultivation in southern Xinjiang. "
目前，阿克苏、库尔勒、阿拉尔等地建立了无膜棉示范基地，每公顷产量达到4800公斤。	At present, Aksu, Korla, Alear and other places have established a demonstration base for film-free cotton, with a yield of 4,800 kg per hectare.
无膜种植棉花，实现了丰产、节本、环保，综合效益提高。	Film-free cotton planting has achieved high yield, cost savings, environmental protection and improved overall benefits.
新疆生产建设兵团第三师农科所农艺师张栋海说，通过近6年无膜棉栽培技术研究与示范，无膜棉籽棉产量完全可以实现亩产320公斤到350公斤，甚至可能更高。	Zhang Donghai, an agronomist at the Third Division of the Agricultural Science Research Institute of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, said that through nearly six years of research and demonstration of film-free cotton cultivation techniques, the production of film-free cottonseed cotton can fully achieve 320 kg to 350 kg per mu, and may even be higher.
“无膜棉栽培技术的推广前景很大 。 ”	"The promotion of film-free cotton cultivation technology has great prospects. "
张栋海认为，当前，无膜棉栽培技术可以彻底解决土壤残膜污染问题，但目前经济效益相比地膜栽培还有一定差距。	Zhang Donghai believes that at present, the film-free cotton cultivation technology can completely solve the problem of soil residual film pollution, but there is still a certain gap between the current economic benefits and the cultivation of mulching film.
“棉花收购价格的扶持将有利于今后的推广 。 ”	"The support of cotton purchasing price will be conducive to future promotion. "
喻树迅表示，下一步，他和他的团队将继续对无膜棉进行深入研究和大面积推广应用，把无膜棉这一产业做大做强，彻底解决地膜造成的土壤污染问题。	Yu Shuxun said that in the next step, he and his team will continue to conduct in-depth research and large-scale promotion and application of the film-free cotton, making the industry of film-free cotton larger and stronger, and completely solving the problem of soil pollution caused by the film.
广东海陆空积极应对国庆黄金周运输-中新网	Guangdong Sea, Land and Air Transportation Actively Respond to the National Day Golden Week Need - China News Service
9月29日是高铁香港段正式通车的第七天，也是开通后迎来的第一个周末，西九龙站内人头攒动。	September 29 was the seventh day of the official opening to traffic of the Hong Kong section of the G-series high-speed train. It was also the first weekend after the opening. The West Kowloon Station was crowded.
国庆黄金周(10月1日至7日)假期将至，连日来，记者从相关部门了解到，广东铁路、航空、水运、公路等各运输部门积极筹划，增加运力投放，出台各项保障措施，全力确保黄金周期间境内旅客运输安全有序。	National Day Golden Week (from October 1 to 7) is coming. In the past few days, the reporter learned from relevant departments that Guangdong’s railway, aviation, water transportation, highway and other transportation departments actively planned and prepared to increase transport capacity and introduced various safeguard measures to ensure the safe and orderly transportation of passengers during the Golden Week.
中国铁路广州局集团有限公司(以下简称“广铁集团 ” ) 称，今年国庆黄金周期间，广铁集团预计运送旅客1780万人次，同比增加150.5万人次，增长9.2 % 。	China Railway Guangzhou Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Guangzhou Railway Group") said that during the National Day Golden Week this year, the Guangzhou Railway Group is expected to transport 17.8 million passengers with an increase of 1.505 million passengers and 9.2%.
为满足旅客出行需求，广铁集团计划加开高铁列车104趟，普速列车85趟，主要集中在京广、沪昆、广深港、杭深高铁等热门线路。	In order to meet the travel demands of passengers, Guangzhou Railway Group plans to open 104 more G-series high-speed trains and 85 more conventional trains, which are mainly in the popular G-series high-speed trains routes such as Beijing-Guangzhou, Shanghai-Kunming, Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong, and Hangzhou-Shenzhen.
广州白云机场今年国庆黄金周期间或将成为内地最繁忙机场，预计接送旅客超140万人次，起降航班9200余架次。	Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport will become the busiest airport in the mainland during the National Day Golden Week this year. It is estimated that there will be more than 1.4 million passengers and more than 9,200 flights taking-off and landing.
随着国际航线越来越多，该机场预计与以往相比，国际旅客大幅增长将是今年黄金周假期的一大显著特点。	With more and more international air routes, Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport is expected to see a significant increase in international passengers this year compared to the past.
据了解，新加坡、曼谷、普吉岛、雅加达、科伦坡、马尔代夫、马尼拉等地均为今年国庆长假出行热门城市，加德满都、吉隆坡、巴厘岛等旅游热门地也继续火爆，部分航班“一票难求 ” 。	It is reported that Singapore, Bangkok, Phuket Island, Djakarta, Colombo, Maldives, Manila and other places are popular cities for the National Day holiday this year, and Kathmandu, Kuala Lumpur, Bali and other tourist popular spots also continue to be hot, some flights are "hard to get ticket".
部分航空公司特别增加运营班次，如：深圳航空每日新增1班广州―河内航班；伊朗马汉航空每周六新增1班广州―德黑兰航班；越南越捷航空每周二、四新增广州―河内航班各1班。	Some airlines have increased their operating flights, such as: Shenzhen Airlines added 1 flight of Guangzhou-Hanoi every day; Iran Mahan Air added 1 flight of Guangzhou - Tehran every Saturday; Vietnam VietJet Air added 1 flight of Guangzhou-Hanoi every Tuesday and Thursday.
为做好假期保障，白云机场加大了“机位分配 ” “ 行李保障 ” “ 值机服务 ” “ 旅客安检”等重点岗位保障力度，并做好航班大面积延误处置准备。	In order to make a good protection to the holiday’s operation, Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport has strengthened the protection efforts for key positions such as "parking-position assignments", "baggage protection", "check-in service" and "passenger security check", and prepared for large-scale delays in flight.
中国南方航空公司称，今年国庆黄金周前往澳新、北美和日韩地区的航线非常火爆，而前往海南、成都、泸州、九华山、鞍山、黄山等中国内地旅游目的地的航班也较为紧俏。	China Southern Airlines said that the routes to Australia, New Zealand, North America and Japan and South Korea during the National Day Golden Week this year are very hot, and flights to mainland China, such as Hainan, Chengdu, Luzhou, Mount Jiuhua, Anshan and Mount Huang are hard to get.
南航计划黄金周期间增加50个航班，其中在广州往返清迈航线上增加10个航班。	China Southern plans to add 50 flights during the Golden Week, including 10 flights to and from Chiengmai.
广东海事局称，节前对水上观光旅游船、琼州海峡客渡轮、珠江口高速客船、渡口渡船等重点船舶开展了安全隐患严查行动，以确保长假期间水上交通安全形势稳定。	Guangdong Maritime Safety Administration said that before the holiday, strict potential safety hazard investigations were carried out to the key vessels such as the water sightseeing tour boat, the Qiongzhou Strait passenger ferries, the Pearl River Estuary high speed passenger crafts and the ferries to ensure the stability of the water transportation safety during the long holiday.
黄金周期间，广东省车流量预计将稳居中国榜首。	During the Golden Week, the traffic flow in Guangdong Province is expected to top the list in China.
广东省交通集团近日发布假期高速公路出行指引，预计高速公路车流增长12%左右。	Guangdong Provincial Communication Group Company Limited recently issued guidelines for holiday highway travel, and it is estimated that the traffic flow of highways will increase by about 12%.
市场监管总局近日下发《关于加强2018年中秋国庆期间市场价格监管的通知 》 ，通知要求，要加强住房租赁和房地产领域价格监管，严厉整治房租价格串通、囤积出租房源、捏造炒作虚假信息哄抬房租、以捆绑服务方式乱收费、发布误导性价格信息、不明码标价等价格违法行为。	The State Administration for Market Regulation recently issued the "Notice on Strengthening the Supervision of Market Prices during the Mid-Autumn Festival in 2018". The Notice requires that the housing leasing and real estate price supervision should be strengthened, and the illegal activities relating to price should be strictly rectified, such as rent collusion, rental housing resource hoarding, rent raise with the method of fabricating and hyping false information, irregular charges with the method of bundled services, misleading price information releasing and no clear price marked.
通知明确，要强化价格监测预警，密切关注市场价格动态。	The Notice clearly stated that it is necessary to strengthen price monitoring and early warning and pay close attention to market price dynamics.
各地要密切关注消费量大的粮油肉禽蛋菜奶盐等生活必需品，以及当地居民节日消费特色商品的市场和价格变化，加强价格监测和分析预警。	All regions should pay close attention to the daily necessities such as grain, oil, meat, poultry, egg, vegetable, milk and salt, as well as the market and price changes of local residents’ festive consumption of special products, and strengthen price monitoring and analysis and early warning.
一旦发现市场波动的倾向性、苗头性问题，及时采取措施有效化解。	Once find the tendency of market fluctuations and emerging problems, measures should be taken timely to effectively resolve them.
要加强对生活必需品批发零售环节的监督检查，加大对商超、农贸市场等与群众日常消费密切相关场所的监测频次和监管力度，督促经营者守法诚信经营。	It is necessary to strengthen the supervision and inspection of the wholesale and retail links of daily necessities, and increase the frequency of monitoring and supervision force of places closely related to the daily consumption of the malls and supermarkets, the farmer’s market, and urge the operators to abide by the law and integrity.
通知指出，要加强重点领域检查，营造良好节日消费环境；加强国有景区门票价格监管；重点查处国有景区不执行政府规定的价格水平或浮动幅度、擅自增设收费项目、通过违规设置“园中园”门票等形式变相提高门票价格、高定价大折扣、捆绑销售、不按规定明码标价、不执行优惠措施、价外加价、强制代收费用等违法违规行为。	The Notice pointed out that it is necessary to strengthen inspections in key areas to create a good holiday consumption environment; strengthen the supervision of ticket prices in state-owned scenic spots; focus on investigating and handling state-owned scenic spots without implementing the government-supplied price level or fluctuation range, adding and setting charge items without authorization, increasing ticket price by setting "garden within garden" with illegally disguised form, high price with large discount, bundle sales, no clear price by rules, non-implementation of preferential measures, extra-price charges, mandatory fee collection and other irregularity actions.
通知要求，要加强生活必需品特别是农产品价格监管。	The Notice required that the supervision of the prices of daily necessities, especially agricultural products, should be strengthened.
受季节变动、自然灾害和突发疫情等影响，近期，一些地区蔬菜、猪肉等生活必需的农产品价格出现波动。	Recently, affected by seasonal changes, natural disasters and sudden outbreaks, prices of agricultural products necessary for daily life such as vegetables and pork have fluctuated in some areas.
各地要结合本地实际情况，切实加强农副产品市场价格监管，配合相关部门抓好稳定生产和市场供应工作，组织力量开展市场重点检查和随机抽查。	All regions should combine with the actual local situations, practically strengthen the market price supervision of agricultural and sideline products, coordinate with relevant departments to make good efforts in stable production and market supply, and organize forces to carry out market key inspections and random spot checks.
对供应偏紧、价格上涨较快的猪肉等商品，加大检查频次，严肃查处囤积居奇、哄抬价格、串通涨价等违法行为。	For pork and other commodities with tight supply and quicker price increase, the frequency of inspections should be increased, and illegal activities such as hoarding, raising prices, and colluding with price increases shall be seriously investigated and handled.
通知指出，要加强住房租赁和房地产领域价格监管。	The Notice pointed out that the supervision for rental housing and real estate prices should be strengthened.
中秋、国庆适逢住房租赁和商品房销售旺季，各地要密切关注房地产企业、中介公司及住房租赁相关企业价格行为，严厉整治房租价格串通、囤积出租房源、捏造炒作虚假信息哄抬房租、以捆绑服务方式乱收费、发布误导性价格信息、不明码标价等价格违法行为，加大对在售热销楼盘和房地产中介明码标价情况的巡查力度，对未按规定实行“一套一标”等损害消费者利益、扰乱市场秩序的行为予以查处，净化房地产市场环境，营造公开、透明的房地产市场价格秩序。	Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day fall on the peak season of housing leasing and commercial housing sales. All regions should pay close attention to the price behavior of real estate enterprises, agencies and housing leasing related companies, strictly rectify rent collusion, rental housing resource hoarding, rent raise with the method of fabricating and hyping false information, irregular charges with the method of bundled services, misleading price information releasing, no clear price marked and other illegal activities relating to price, intensify the inspection force for price clearly marked of on sale popular real estates and real estate agencies, investigate and handle the behavior of harm the interests of consumers and disturb market order of non-implementing "one suite, one price" to purify the real estate market environment and create an open, clear real estate market price order.
通知提到，各地要切实做好旅游业其它环节价格监管，着力规范餐饮、住宿、购物、观光、娱乐、停车等环节的价格秩序，指导经营者做好明码标价、收费公示工作，严肃查处各类价格违法行为。	The Notice mentioned that all regions should earnestly make good efforts in price regulation in other parts of the tourism industry, and strive to standardize the price order of catering, accommodation, shopping, sightseeing, entertainment, parking, etc., and guide operators to do a good job in publicity work of clearing the price and charging, and seriously investigate and handle all kinds of price violations.
通知表示，要加强对公路、铁路、民航、水运等交通运输价格检查，严肃查处违规涨价、价外收费、不按规定明码标价等违法行为。	The Notice stated that it is necessary to strengthen the inspection of transportation prices such as roads, railways, civil aviation, and water transportation, and seriously investigate and handle illegal activities such as price increases violations, extra-price charges, and no clear price by rules.
落实鲜活农产品运输“绿色通道”和重大节假日免收小型客车通行费政策。	Implement the "Green Channel" for the transportation of fresh agricultural products and the exemption of the toll fee policy for small buses during major holidays.
要创新监管手段和工作方法，加强对线上线下商品零售企业以及电子商务平台的价格法律法规宣传，督促经营者完善价格促销方案，依法查处虚构原价、误导性价格标示、不履行价格承诺等违法行为。	It is necessary to innovate supervision methods and working methods, strengthen the propagandization of price laws and regulations for online and offline commodity retail enterprises and e-commerce platforms, urge operators to improve price promotion programs, and investigate and handle illegal activities such as making up original prices, misleading price indications, non-performance of price commitments and other illegal acts.
记者1日获悉，沪港列车直通整15周年，经历3次提速，迄今客流量不断增长；累计载运往返沪港两地旅客总量已突破170万人次。	The reporter learned on October 1 that Shanghai-Kowloon Through Train had experienced 3 speedups in the past 15 years. Its passenger flow volume has been increasing so far; the accumulative total number of passengers traveling on it between Shanghai and Hong Kong has reached 1.7 million.
同时，港澳旅客验放过关不超过15秒钟。	And the time of Hong Kong and Macao passengers passing through the inspection and release is no more than 15 seconds.
2003年10月1日，国务院批准设立上海至九龙直通列车临时口岸，上海铁路口岸作为中国境内第一个直通香港长途铁路客运口岸，标志着上海已拥有水运、航空、陆路“三翼齐飞”的口岸开放格局。	The State Council approved to set up a temporary port for Shanghai-Kowloon Through Train on October 1, 2003. As the first port directly connecting Hong Kong long-distance railway passenger transportation in China, Shanghai Railway Port marked that Shanghai had established an open port pattern with water transportation, aviation and land route "developing simultaneously".
迄今为止，沪港列车直通运行了15年。	Up to now, Shanghai-Kowloon Through Train has been operating for 15 years.
担负沪港直通车出入境边检任务的上海铁路边检1日披露，从开通至今，沪港列车3次提速，行车单程时间由原先近30个小时，缩短至19个小时；年均载运出入境旅客流量由原来的不足8万人，增长至15万多人次；15年来，载运往返沪港两地旅客总量累计突破170万人次大关。	Shanghai Railway Border Control, which is responsible for undertaking the task of the exit and entry border control of Shanghai-Kowloon Through Train, disclosed on October 1 that Shanghai-Kowloon Through Train had experienced 3 speedups since its operation. The one-way trip time has been shortened from the original 30 hours to 19 hours; the annual passenger flow volume has been increased from less than 80000 to more than 150000; for the past 15 years, the accumulative total number of passengers traveling on it between Shanghai and Hong Kong has reached 1.7 million.
据悉，15年来，上海铁路出入境边防检查站与沪九列车沿途站点签订警警协动机制，并派警员开展随车监管，实现了1991公里服务与管控全覆盖。	It is reported that Shanghai Railway Immigration Inspection Station has signed the Agreement of Police Co-movement Mechanism with stations throughout the journey of Shanghai-Kowloon Through Train and has sent policemen to implement the monitoring activities on the train, achieving the full coverage of service and control in 1991 kilometers in the past 15 years.
15年来，上海铁路边检站共查获各类违法违规案件近千人次，成功破获了外国人持假证偷渡入境案、持用他人证件冒名顶替出境案等。	In the past 15 years, Shanghai Railway Immigration Inspection Station has detected nearly 1000 different kinds of illegal cases, and has successfully broken the cases of foreigners slipping across the border with false IDs as well as the cases of using other people's IDs to abscond across the border.
该站还与联检单位建立了工作交流等机制，定期开展铁路口岸综合反恐处突演练，联防联动，构建了环铁路口岸“三级护城河”防护带。	The Station has also established the mechanism of work exchange with the joint inspection units, regularly carried out the comprehensive anti-terrorist response trainings of railway port, implemented the co-prevention and co-management, and built the "Third Class Moat" protected zone circling the railway port.
据了解，15年来，上海铁路边检部门不断创新服务，通关速度大幅提升。	It is reported that Shanghai Railway Immigration Inspection Department has constantly provided the innovative services, thus the speed of Customs clearance has been improved greatly.
该边检站还组建了“荆兰”志愿者服务组，为老人、孕妇和怀抱婴儿的旅客提供爱心帮助。	The Station has also organized a "Jinglan" volunteer service group to help the aged, pregnant women and passengers with babies in their arms.
记者30日从财政部了解到，财政部、国家税务总局、国家发展改革委、商务部四部门近日联合发布通知，为进一步鼓励境外投资者在华投资，对境外投资者从中国境内居民企业分配的利润，用于境内直接投资暂不征收预提所得税政策的适用范围，由外商投资鼓励类项目扩大至所有非禁止外商投资的项目和领域。	The reporter learned from the Ministry of Finance on September 30 that the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce jointly declared recently that the scope of application of the policy not imposing the withholding income tax temporarily on the foreign investors, who put the profits allocated by the resident enterprises within China into direct investment in China, was extended from the encouraged foreign-invested projects to all non-forbidden foreign-invested projects and fields in order to further encourage the foreign investors to make investments in China.
这项政策自2018年1月1日起执行。	This policy was implemented from January 1, 2018.
通知明确，境外投资者以分得利润进行的直接投资，包括境外投资者以分得利润进行的增资、新建、股权收购等权益性投资行为，但不包括除符合条件的战略投资以外的新增、转增、收购上市公司股份。	It was clarified that the direct investments made by the foreign investors from their allocated profits included the equity investments made by the foreign investors from their allocated profits, such as capital increase, new construction, and share acquisition, but excluded the new shares, turning point increase shares, and acquisition of shares from the listed companies except the eligible strategic investments.
境外投资者按照规定可以享受暂不征收预提所得税政策但未实际享受的，可在实际缴纳相关税款之日起三年内申请追补享受该政策，退还已缴纳的税款。	The foreign investors, who were qualified to enjoy the policy privilege of not imposing the withholding income tax according to the rules but failed to enjoy it actually, could apply for enjoying this policy privilege as a supplementary within three years from the date of actually paying the relevant tax and have the paid tax refunded.
不仅如此，境外投资者享受规定的暂不征收预提所得税政策待遇后，被投资企业发生重组符合特殊性重组条件，并实际按照特殊性重组进行税务处理的，可继续享受暂不征收预提所得税政策待遇。	More than that, after enjoying the policy privilege of not imposing the withholding income tax according to the rules, the foreign investors could continue to enjoy the policy privilege of not imposing the withholding income tax providing that the invested enterprise undergoing the reorganization met the criteria of special reorganization, and the tax treatment was actually implemented on the basis of special reorganization.
为确保境外投资者所分得的利润实际用于直接投资，通知规定，境外投资者用于直接投资的利润以现金形式支付的，相关款项从利润分配企业的账户直接转入被投资企业或股权转让方账户，在直接投资前不得在境内外其他账户周转；境外投资者用于直接投资的利润以实物、有价证券等非现金形式支付的，相关资产所有权直接从利润分配企业转入被投资企业或股权转让方，在直接投资前不得由其他企业、个人代为持有或临时持有。	In order to ensure that the foreign investors' allocated profits would be used for direct investment, the notification required that in case that the profits used by the foreign investors for direct investment was paid in cash, the relevant payment would be transferred directly from the account of the enterprise that allocated the profits to the account of the invested enterprise or the account of the equity transferor, and the profits should not be transferred to other domestic and overseas accounts before the direct investment; in case that the profits used by the foreign investors for direct investment was paid in kind and negotiable securities instead of cash, the ownership of relevant assets would be transferred directly from the enterprise that allocated the profits to the invested enterprise or the equity transferor, and they should not be owned or temporarily owned by other enterprises or individuals before the direct investment.
通知还要求税务部门依法加强后续管理。	The notification also required that the tax departments should strengthen the subsequent management in accordance with the law.
境外投资者已享受暂不征收预提所得税政策，经税务部门后续管理核实不符合规定条件的，除属于利润分配企业责任外，视为境外投资者未按照规定申报缴纳企业所得税，将依法追究延迟纳税责任，税款延迟缴纳期限自相关利润支付之日起计算。	In case that the foreign investors, who had enjoyed the policy privilege of not imposing the withholding income tax, were found failing to meet the specified criteria after the tax departments conducted the subsequent management and verification, the foreign investor would be considered as failing to declare and pay the enterprise income tax according to the rules. Except the responsibility of the enterprise that allocated the profits, the foreign investor would be held responsible for the delay of tax payment. The period of delayed tax payment would be calculated from the date of paying the relevant profits.
美国食品药物管理局(FDA)周五称，将不再允许进口中国华海药业生产的原料药和使用该公司原料药制成的制剂。	The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said on Friday that it would not be allowed to import the bulk drugs produced by Huahai Pharmaceutical and the preparations made of the bulk drugs of this company.
之前华海药业生产的一种药物因含有可能致癌物质而被召回。	Previously, a drug produced by Huahai Pharmaceutical was recalled due to containing suspected carcinogens.
欧洲医药管理局(The European Medicines Agency)表示，正在考虑对该药厂生产的其他成分采取进一步行动。	The European Medicines Agency said that it was considering to take further actions on other substances produced by this pharmaceutical factory.
FDA称，在FDA对华海药业的药厂进行检查时发现重大生产工艺问题，随后停止进口。	FDA said that during its inspection on the pharmaceutical factory of Huahai Pharmaceutical, it found major problems of production process and then stopped the imports.
FDA还称，在华海药业发现上述杂质如何产生并改善其质量控制体系之前，将一直禁止进口。	FDA also said that imports would be banned until Huahai Pharmaceutical found out how the impurities were produced and improved its quality control system.
华海药业9月29日在公司网站发布声明称 ： “ 对于此次美欧官方检查中存在的问题，公司正以积极的态度、有力的措施进行整改；对于此次美欧官方的处理方式和处理结果，公司感到非常意外和遗憾。	Huahai Pharmaceutical issued a statement on its website on September 29 and said, "The company is taking positive attitude and effective measures to rectify the problems existing in this official inspection of the United States and Europe; the company is very surprised and regretful about the handling methods and results of the official inspection of the United States and Europe.
在当前复杂的市场环境下，公司对此表示担忧。	In the current complex market environment, the company expresses concerns about this.
目前，公司正组织包括专业律师在内的团队按照相关程序和美国及欧盟官方进行沟通并提出申诉，以尽快恢复生产 。 ”	The company is currently organizing the team consisting of professional lawyers to communicate with the authorities of the United States and Europe and lodge a complaint according to relevant procedures, in order to resume production as soon as possible. "
路透上海9月29日 - 中国证监会周五晚间公告称，当日证监会按法定程序核准了中国人民保险集团股份有限公司的首发申请(IPO ) 。	Report of Reuters on September 29 in Shanghai: The China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced late Friday that it approved the Initial Public Offering (IPO) of the People's Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (PICC) according to the legal procedures on that day.
但证监会官方微信公众号并未披露本次IPO募资规模。	However, the WeChat Official Account of the CSRC did not disclose the scale of this IPO.
中国人保(1339.HK)早在去年9月29日向中国证监会提出申请，拟发行至多45.99亿股A股，计划在上交所上市。	The PICC (1339.HK) has submitted an application to the CSRC on September 29 last year, planning to issue up to 4.599 billion A shares and willing to be listed on the Shanghai stock exchange.
根据此前证监会刊登的预披露材料，公司本次申请发行新股数量不超过发行上市后总股本的9.78 % ， 且不包括根据超额配售选择权可能发行的任何股份。	According to the pre-disclosure materials published by the CSRC, the number of new shares applied for issuance this time does not exceed 9.78% of the total equity after the issuance and listing, and does not include any shares that may be issued under the option of excess allotment.
募集资金将用于充实公司资本金。	All the fund raised will be used to enrich the capital of the company.
今年4月9日证监会公布了中国人保的招股说明书(申报稿 ) 。	On April 9, the CSRC published the prospectus (declaration) of PICC.
招股说明书显示，此次A股发行前，中国人保总股本为424.24亿股，假定本次发行A股45.99亿股且未行使超额配售选择权，A股发行后，该集团总股本不超过470.23亿股，其中A股不超过382.96亿股，H股数量为87.26亿股。	The prospectus showed that before the A-share issuance this time, the total equity of PICC was 42.424 billion shares. Assuming that the A shares were issued for 4.599 billion shares and did not exercise the option of excess allotment, after the A-share issuance, the total equity of the Group would not exceed 47.023 billion shares, of which the A shares would not exceed 38.296 billion shares, and the H shares would not exceed 8.726 billion shares.
6月5日中国人保IPO申请通过发审会。	On June 5, the PICC IPO application was approved by the Stock Issuance Examination Committee.
截至2017年12月31日，财政部持有中国人保总股本的70.47 % ， 社保基金会持有10.2 % 。	As of December 31, 2017, the Ministry of Finance had held 70.47% of total equity of PICC and the National Council for Social Security Fund had held 10.2%.
而中国人保在A股发行股份后，财政部持股比例将稀释至63.58 % ， 社保基金会持股比例将为9.2 % 。	However, after PICC issued A shares, the share-holding ratio of the Ministry of Finance will be diluted to 63.58% and that of the National Council for Social Security Fund will be 9.2%.
截至本周五，中国人保H股收盘在3.52港元，当日涨1.44 % 。	As of this Friday, the closing quotation of H shares of PICC had been HK$3.52, increasing by 1.44% on that day.
前外援指控打假球 北控回应“莫须有 ” - 中新网	The ex-foreign aid accused Beijing BG Football Club of match-fixing, and Beijing BG Football Club responded that it was "baseless" -- ECNS
昨天下午，北京控股足球俱乐部（下文简称北控）针对该队前外援阿尼切贝指控球队涉嫌踢假球的消息作出官方回应，北控方面发表声明表示，俱乐部方面绝对不存在任何踢假球的情况，这完全是阿尼切贝本人在仲裁过程中，为了掩盖其公然违反合同约定的事实，为了其个人的不正当经济目的而凭空捏造出的谎言。	Yesterday afternoon, Beijing BG Football Club (hereinafter referred to as BG) made an official response to its ex-foreign aid Anichebe's accusation that it was suspected of playing match-fixing. BG declared that the club never playing any match-fixing. It was absolutely a lie fabricated out of thin air by Anichebe so that he could cover up the fact that he had brazenly breached the contract and realize his personal improper economic purpose in the course of arbitration.
同时，北控表示将保留采取一切手段追究相关当事人责任的权利。	At the same time, BG indicated that it would reserve the right to take all means to hold the relevant party accountable.
据英国《每日邮报》消息，尼日利亚球员阿尼切贝向国际足联指控，他去年曾效力的北京北控队涉嫌打假球，这其中就包括2017赛季中甲第21轮的北京德比。	According to the "Daily Mail" from UK, Nigerian player Anichebe reported to the FIFA that BG Team he played at last year was suspected of playing match-fixing, including the 21st Beijing Derbies of CFACL in the 2017 season.
当时正是北京人和冲超的关键阶段，那场比赛北控最终客场0比2负于北京人和，阿尼切比首发出场。	Beijing Renhe was at the critical stage of winning promotion to the top tier at that time, and BG finally lost 0-2 away to Beijing Renhe. Anichebe played from the first minute in the game.
对于这位尼日利亚球员的说法，昨天北控俱乐部方面作出了官方回应。	BG Club made an official response to this Nigerian player's accusation yesterday.
声明称，经过俱乐部之前的内部调查，球队参加过的比赛中不存在打假球的情况。	It declared that after previously carrying out the internal investigation, the club found no match-fixing in the past games.
阿尼切贝于2017年6月加盟北京北控，同年12月，阿尼切贝在无正当理由的情况下拒不归队参加冬训，在俱乐部多次催告的情况下仍然拒绝归队。	Anichebe joined Beijing BG in June, 2017. In December of that year, Anichebe refused to return to the team to take part in the winter training without any justified reason. Although the club repeatedly urged, he still refused to return.
目前，双方的纠纷已经提交至国际足联，仲裁正在进行当中。	At present, the dispute between the two parties has been submitted to the FIFA and the arbitration is in progress.
声明中还提到，备受关注的“假球指控”其实是阿尼切贝在仲裁过程中，为了掩盖其公然违反合同约定的事实，为了其个人的不正当经济目的而凭空捏造出的谎言。	It also declared that the high-profile "match-fixing allegation" was actually a lie fabricated out of thin air by Anichebe so that he could cover up the fact that he had brazenly breached the contract and realize his personal improper economic purpose in the course of arbitration.
其诽谤俱乐部、诽谤中国足球的唯一目的是获取不正当的经济利益。	His sole aim of slandering the club and Chinese football was to obtain the illegitimate economic benefits.
俱乐部更不接受任何组织或任何个人，为了其经济利益与私人恩怨，对俱乐部进行无端指责、诽谤、污蔑、诋毁的行为。	The club would not accept any groundless accusations, defamation, vilification and slander made by any organization or individual due to its economic benefits and personal grudge.
因此，北控方面表示将保留采取一切手段追究相关当事人责任的权利。	Therefore, BG indicated that it would reserve the right to take all means to hold the relevant party accountable.
中国农业发展银行将投放200亿元支持吉林秋粮收购。	Agricultural Development Bank of China will invest 20 billion yuan to support the autumn grain crops purchase of Jilin.
9月以来，吉林省各地农作物陆续迎来收割高峰期。	Since September, crops in various parts of Jilin Province have ushered in the peak harvest period.
记者从中国农业发展银行吉林省分行了解到，目前农发行已备足200亿元信贷资金，确保吉林秋粮收购资金供应充足。	The reporter learned from the Jilin Branch of the Agricultural Development Bank of China that the Agricultural Development Bank of China has already prepared 20 billion yuan of credit funds to ensure sufficient supply of Jilin autumn grain crops purchase funds.
据了解，今年吉林粮食生产形势总体平稳，部分粮食加工企业因产能扩大、开工率上升，粮食市场需求增加。	It is reported that the grain production situation in Jilin this year is generally stable, the demand of grain market has increased due to some grain processing enterprises increased production capacity and operating rates.
为确保粮食政策性收购资金供应，农发行已通过走访农户、加工企业、贸易企业等各类收购主体，积极开展秋粮收购银企对接会。	In order to ensure the supply of food political purchase funds, the Agricultural Development Bank of China has actively engaged in the purchase of bank and enterprise matchmaking meetings by visiting farmers, processing enterprises and trading companies.
目前，农发行已投放52亿元，支持各类粮食收购主体收购秋粮115.8亿斤。	At present, the Agricultural Development Bank of China has invested 5.2 billion yuan to support the autumn grain crops purchase by various types of grain purchase subjects.
已有120户主要粮食收购主体在吉林省布局近300个收购网点，确保粮食主产县“全覆盖 ” ， 不留收购资金供应“空白点 ” 。	120 major grain purchase subjects have arranged nearly 300 purchase networks in Jilin Province to ensure that the main food supply regions are "fully covered" and leave no "blank spots" for the purchase of funds.
农发行相关负责人表示，按照收购进度和企业用款需求，如出现收购资金规模不足情况，农发行将在200亿元信贷资金基础上申请追加，确保资金及时足额供应，维护粮食市场稳定，保护农民利益。	The relevant person in charge of the Agricultural Development Bank of China said that according to the purchase progress and the demand of enterprise funds, if there is insufficient scale of the purchase funds, the Agricultural Development Bank of China will apply for additional loans on the basis of 20 billion yuan of credit funds to ensure timely and full supply of funds and maintain the stability of the grain market and protect the interests of farmers.
中国记者在英保守党年会被警方带走，中方要求道歉	A Chinese reporter was taken away by the police at the British conservative party's annual meeting. China demanded an apology.
据中国驻英国大使馆网站消息，驻英国使馆发言人1日就一名中国记者在英国保守党年会期间被警方带走一事，回答记者提问。	According to the news from the website of China's Embassy in the United Kingdom, a spokesman for the embassy in the United Kingdom answered reporters' questions on October 1 with regard to the matter that a Chinese reporter was taken away by the police at the British conservative party's annual meeting.
发言人指出，我们要求保守党人权委员会停止干涉中国内政，停止插手香港事务，要求会议组织者向中国记者道歉。	The spokesman indicated that we required the Conservative Party Human Rights Commission to stop interfering in the domestic affairs of China and meddling in Hong Kong affairs, and demanded an apology from the meeting organizer to the Chinese reporter.
有记者问：9月30日在英国保守党年会期间，该党人权委员会就香港问题举行边会，邀请香港反对派参会发言。	A reporter asked: During the British conservative party's annual meeting, the Conservative Party Human Rights Commission held a side meeting with regard to Hong Kong issues and invited Hong Kong's opposition to the meeting to make a speech on September 30.
边会期间有一名中国记者被警方带走。	A Chinese reporter was taken away by the police at the side meeting.
请问你有什么评论？	What is your comment?
发言人回应称，香港回归祖国21年来 ， “ 一国两制”实践取得巨大成功，香港发展成就举世公认。	The spokesman responded: it has been 21 years since Hong Kong returned to the motherland. The practice of "one country, two systems" has achieved great success, and Hong Kong's development achievements have been universally acknowledged.
香港是中国的香港，香港事务纯属中国内政。	Hong Kong belong to China, and Hong Kong affairs are purely China's internal affairs.
保守党人权委员会利用该党年会举办边会为反华分裂势力张目，中方表示严重关切和强烈不满。	The Conservative Party Human Rights Commission take advantage of its annual meeting to hold the side meeting, which will advocate the anti-China separatist forces. China expresses its grave concern and strong dissatisfaction.
我们坚决反对任何人任何组织以任何方式干涉香港事务。	We are firmly against the attempt by any individual or organization to interfere in Hong Kong affairs in any way.
任何鼓吹“香港独立”的图谋和行为都是徒劳的。	Any attempts and actions advocating "Hong Kong independence" will be vain.
发言人表示，英国一贯标榜言论自由，但当中国记者在边会上提问表达观点时，却遭到百般阻挠，甚至人身侵犯，这是完全不能接受的。	The spokesman said that the United Kingdom had always been flaunting the freedom of speech, but the Chinese reporter was obstructed in every possible way and was even physically assaulted while asking a question and expressing own opinions at the side meeting. This was totally unacceptable.
我们要求保守党人权委员会停止干涉中国内政，停止插手香港事务，要求会议组织者向中国记者道歉。	We required the Conservative Party Human Rights Commission to stop interfering in the domestic affairs of China and meddling in Hong Kong affairs, and demanded an apology from the meeting organizer to the Chinese reporter.
第五届世界互联网大会将于11月7日至9日在浙江乌镇举行，世界互联网即将再次进入“乌镇时间 ” 。	The fifth World Internet Conference will be held in Wuzhen, Zhejiang from November 7 to 9. The World Internet will enter "Wuzhen Time" again.
作为一场全球性的互联网界盛会，世界互联网大会在全球互联网领域受到高度的关注和广泛的认同。	As a global grand meeting of the Internet community, the World Internet Conference has been highly concerned and widely recognized in the field of global Internet.
五年来，世界互联网大会搭建起互联网前沿技术展示交流的大舞台，大会上技术成果的广泛应用为全球经济发展增添新动力。	Over the past five years, the World Internet Conference has set up a large stage for the exhibition and exchange of cutting-edge technologies of Internet. The widespread use of technological achievements at the Conference has added new impetus to the global economic development.
成果发布汇聚世界互联网前沿科技	Publishing of achievements brings together the world's cutting-edge technologies of Internet
在互联网领域，哪些是当今世界最顶尖、最引人注目的成果？	In the field of Internet, which are the top and most noticeable achievements in the world today?
世界互联网大会发布的领先科技成果能给出答案。	The leading scientific and technological achievements published at the World Internet Conference can provide answers.
第三届世界互联网大会首次发布了15项领先科技成果。	The third World Internet Conference has published 15 leading scientific and technological achievements for the first time.
展示的成果创新活跃、应用范围广、辐射带动作用大，反映了当时全球互联网领域最新、最重要的科技成果突破，体现了网络信息领域发展的速度和未来前景。	The achievements exhibited are innovative, dynamic, widely applied and radiation-driven, reflecting the latest and most important breakthroughs of scientific and technological achievements in the global Internet field at that time, and reflecting the speed and future prospects of the development of the network information field.
光量子计算机、5G、能够计算情感的人工智能等，第四届世界互联网大会发布的成果更加炫酷。	For optical quantum computers, 5G, artificial intelligence which is capable of computing emotions, etc., the achievements published at the fourth World Internet Conference are more dazzling.
大会组委会专门成立了世界互联网领先科技成果推荐委员会，由来自中国、美国等10个国家的44名知名专家学者组成，从世界各国征集了近千项互联网领域的创新成果，最终评定出18项代表性成果，包括“华为3GPP 5G预商用系统 ” “ Arm安全架构 ” “ 微软小冰 ” “ 北斗卫星导航系统 ” “ 基于‘神威・太湖之光’超级计算机系统的重大应用成果”等。	The organizing committee of the Conference has specifically set up a recommendation committee for leading scientific and technological achievements of the global Internet. It consists of 44 well-known experts and scholars from 10 countries of China, United States, etc. Nearly 1,000 innovative achievements in the field of Internet have been collected from various countries in the world, and 18 representative achievements are finally assessed, including "Huawei 3GPP 5G pre-commercial system", "Arm security architecture", "Microsoft Xiaoice", "BeiDou Navigation Satellite System", "Major application achievements based on the ‘Sunway TaihuLight’ supercomputer system", etc.
目前 ， “ 北斗卫星导航系统”应用覆盖到50多个国家和地区，涉及30多亿人口。	At present, the application of "BeiDou Navigation Satellite System" covers more than 50 countries and regions, involving more than 3 billion people.
“神威・太湖之光”超级计算机共完成了200多万项作业任务，支持了超过100项应用的研究。	The "Sunway TaihuLight" supercomputer has completed more than 200 million tasks and supported the research of more than 100 applications.
由微软中国研发团队首创的“微软小冰”从中国出发，目前已在中国、日本、美国、印度、印度尼西亚等国家落地，担任电视栏目主持人、电台主持人、歌手等诸多角色。中国互联网科技发展的身影频繁地闪现在世界科技前沿阵营，吸引着全世界惊喜的目光，成为全球互联网顶尖科技的汇聚地和风向标。	The "Microsoft Xiaoice" originated by the Microsoft China R&D team starts from China and has landed in China, Japan, the United States, India, Indonesia and other countries. It plays various roles as theTV anchor, radio anchor, singer, etc. The development of Chinese Internet science and technology has frequently appeared in the world's frontier science and technology, attracting the world's surprising attention and becoming the convergence and vane of the world's top Internet science and technology.
“互联网之光”博览会搭建技术交流新平台	The "Light of the Internet" exposition builds a new platform for technical exchange
作为世界互联网大会的重要内容之一 ， “ 互联网之光”博览会驱动全球互联网科技创新成果的互动交流，为互联网企业展现最新成果搭建了重要平台。	As one of the important contents of the World Internet Conference, the "Light of the Internet" exposition drives the interactive exchange of scientific and technological innovative achievements of the global Internet, and builds an important platform for Internet enterprises to show the latest achievements.
“互联网之光”博览会展示全球范围内互联网新成果、新技术、新应用，设有不同的主题展区和功能板块，按照不同科技分类，精选全球知名互联网企业和创新型企业，汇聚前沿成果，展示创新技术，体现互联网交流的文明之光、未来之光和世界之光。	The "Light of the Internet" exposition shows new achievements, new technologies and new applications of the Internet worldwide. It has different theme exhibition areas and functional sections. According to different scientific and technological classifications, it selects well-known Internet enterprises and innovative enterprises worldwide, gathers frontier achievements, displays innovative technologies, and reflects the light of civilization, the light of the future and the light of the world in the Internet exchange.
以第四届世界互联网大会“互联网之光”博览会为例，博览会吸引来自全球的411家国内外知名企业参展，产品涵盖云计算、物联网、人工智能等全球互联网技术和应用创新及数字经济发展的最新成果，凸显了全球视野、创新驱动和开放合作的特点。	Taking the "Light of the Internet" exposition of the fourth World Internet Conference as an example, the exposition attracts 411 well-known domestic and overseas enterprises from all over the world. The products cover the latest achievements of global Internet technology, application innovation and the development of digital economy, such as cloud computing, Internet of Things, artificial intelligence, etc. It highlights the features of global vision, innovation drive and open cooperation.
大会期间举办的110多场新产品新技术发布活动、10场互联网项目合作专题对接会，为全球数字经济合作提供广阔舞台。	More than 110 new technology and new product publishing events and 10 partnering meetings of cooperation of Internet projects held during the Conference provide a broad stage for global digital economy cooperation.
一张纸质试卷，通过手机或平板电脑扫描，马上就能识别内容，批改给分；半米高的无人驾驶小车载着货物，可独立完成快速送货；仅凭主人声音指令，智能家居就能实现语音购物、手机充值、叫外卖、音乐播放，“互联网之光”博览会上一项项顶尖互联网科技成果的集中亮相，已成为全球科技行业和互联网发展的风向标，为各国最新成果交流搭建了新平台。	The content of test paper can be immediately identified through scanning with a mobile phone or tablet computer, correction can be made, and the score can be awarded; a half-meter-high driverless car can carry goods and independently complete fast delivery; with the voice command of the owner only, the smart home can realize voice shopping, mobile phone recharge, take-out service and music playback. Top Internet scientific and technological achievements are displayed at the "Light of the Internet" exposition. It has become the vane of the development of the global science and technology industry and the Internet, and has built a new platform for the exchange of the latest achievements of various countries.
互联网科技发展成果造福各国人民	The development achievements of Internet science and technology benefit people all over the world
互联网技术驱动的创新发展，归根结底是为世界各国人民创造更美好未来，为人类的幸福、经济的发展、社会的美好创造出一个更加平等、开放、包容的环境。	The innovative development driven by the Internet technology is ultimately to create a better future for people all over the world, and establish a more equal, open and inclusive environment for human happiness, economic development and social well-being.
在中国这样具有庞大用户基础的互联网大国，互联网技术在具体应用上有着较强的放大效应。	In China, which has a huge user base, the Internet technology has a strong amplification effect on specific applications.
比如，中国北斗为用户提供高精度、高可靠的定位、测速、授时服务，并兼具特有的短报文通信能力；人工智能技术的快速发展，对传统行业具有重塑性功能，促进行业进步，在金融、交通、健康、安全等诸多领域，起到积极作用；天地通讯技术助力有效解决飞机和高铁等交通工具的上网问题，改善用户的上网体验。	For example, Chinese BeiDou provides users with high-precision and reliable positioning, speed measurement and time service, and has specific short message communication capabilities; the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology has a remodeling feature on the traditional industries, promotes industry progress, and plays a positive role in many fields of finance, transportation, health, safety, etc; and the communication technology of sky and earth helps effectively solve problems of Internet access for aircrafts, high-speed trains and other transportation means, and improve the user's online experience.
据中国互联网络信息中心发布的第四十二次《中国互联网络发展状况统计报告》显示，中国作为全球规模最大的互联网市场，正以数字化进程推动社会发展进步。	According to the "42nd China Statistical Report on Internet Development" released by the China Internet Network Information Center, as the largest Internet market in the world, China is promoting social development and progress with the digitization process.
而互联网技术发展的红利绝不仅限于中国，它的成果也为整个世界互联网的发展乃至经济社会的发展带来强大的驱动力。	The dividend of the development of Internet technology is not limited to China. Its achievements also bring powerful driving force for the development of the Internet and even the economic society of the whole world.
比如，中国的跨境电商、共享经济走向海外，对世界经济增长的支撑作用日益增强；中国的云计算、大数据、物联网、移动互联网等新一代信息技术的发展，加速推进全球产业分工深化和经济结构调整，重塑全球经济竞争格局。	For example, Chinese cross-border e-commerce and sharing economy are going overseas, which are increasingly supporting the world's economic growth; the development of Chinese cloud computing, big data, Internet of Things, mobile Internet and other new generation of information technology accelerates to promote the deepening of global industrial division and economic restructuring, and reshapes the global economic competition pattern.
正如第二届世界互联网大会发布的《乌镇倡议》所勾画，共享网络发展成果，促使早日形成联通全球的网络市场，创造更多就业机会，将为全球经济持续健康发展提供有力支撑，让更多国家和人民搭乘信息时代的快车。	As outlined in the "Wuzhen Initiative" issued by the second World Internet Conference, sharing the development achievements of network , promoting the early formation of a network market connecting the world and creating more employment opportunities will provide strong support for the sustained and healthy development of the global economy and let more countries and people take the express train of the information era.
吕梁素有“杂粮王国”之称。	Luliang is always known as the "kingdom of cereals".
9月30日到10月7日，第二届吕梁名特优功能食品展销会暨首届农民丰收节在山西吕梁汾阳市举行。	The Second Luliang Famous and Super Quality Functional Products Exhibition and the First Farmer's Harvest Festival would be held in Fenyang City in Luliang in Shanxi Province from September 30 to October 7.
活动期间，来自吕梁离石区、汾阳市、交城县、岚县等地的官员代表通过现场推介，邀请游客体验乡村之美，共同庆祝农民丰收节。	During the event, the official representatives from Lishi District, Fenyang City, Jiaocheng County, and Lan County in Luliang invited the tourists to experience the beauty of the countryside and celebrate the farmer's harvest festival together via the on-site recommendation.
国庆前夕，正值秋收季节，素有“杂粮王国”之称的吕梁市举行了一场“杂粮盛会 ” ， 200多家商户携426种名特优功能食品参加展示展销。	On the National Day eve, known as the "kingdom of cereals", Luliang City was holding a "cereals event" in the autumn harvest season. More than 200 merchants took part in the exhibition with 426 kinds of famous and super quality functional products.
吕梁的土豆产量居山西前列，作为主产区之一，岚县近年通过研发土豆做法、延伸产业链，在发展产业的同时带动村民脱贫，现场，参展商通过“土豆宴”菜品展示，介绍了土豆新吃法；来自临县的商户带来了新鲜的红枣、绿豆、豌豆、小米等。	The potato production in Luliang tops the list of Shanxi Province. As one of the main producing areas, Lan County has promoted the industry development while leading the villagers to get rid of poverty by developing the potato recipes and extending the industry chain in recent years. The exhibitors introduced the new potato recipes with the dishes exhibition of "potato feast" on the scene; the merchants from Lin County brought the fresh red dates, green beans, peas, and millets, etc.
吕梁农业历史悠久，谷子种植始于新石器时代，大豆、杂豆、莜麦、黍子等有四五千年的栽培史，红枣栽植可追溯到西汉。	Luliang has a long history of agriculture, and its millet planting can date back to the Neolithic Age. The soybeans, beans, hulless oats, and glutinous broom corns have been planted for 4000-5000 years. And the planting of red dates can date back to the Western Han Dynasty.
独特的气候和多样的地貌，形成了吕梁众多特色农产品，是全国知名的红枣、核桃、小杂粮、清香型白酒生产基地。	The unique climate and diverse landform contribute to the distinctive agricultural products in Luliang. It is a nationally known production base of red dates, walnuts, minor grain crops, and fen-flavor liquor.
目前，吕梁市已初步形成临县、柳林红枣，汾阳、中阳核桃，岚县马铃薯，兴县小杂粮，方山中药材，交口食用菌，孝义设施蔬菜，文水沙棘，石楼蜂蜜等特色生产基地县，已认证无公害绿色有机产品产地面积达160万亩、产品172个。	Currently, Luliang has preliminarily established the special production bases in counties, including the red dates in Lin County and Liulin, walnuts in Fenyang and Zhongyang, potatoes in Lan County, minor grain crops in Xing County, traditional chinese medicinal materials in Fangshan, edible mushrooms in Jiaokou, greenhouse vegetables in Xiaoyi, sea-buckthorns in Wenshui, honey in Shilou, etc. And the production areas of certified environment-friendly green organic products have reached 16 million acres with 172 products.
200多家商户携426种名特优功能食品参加展示展销。	More than 200 merchants took part in the exhibition with 426 kinds of famous and super quality functional products.
山西省政协副主席、吕梁市委书记李正印称，该市将进一步扩大农业对外开放，促进产销对接，推动吕梁更多名特优功能食品走向全国、走向世界。	Li Zhengyin, the vice chairman of CPPCC in Shanxi Province and the secretary of Luliang Municipal Committee, said that Luliang would further expand the opening up of agriculture, facilitate the connection of production and marketing, and promote more famous and super quality functional products to be known by the country and even the world.
除了采田园瓜果，品农家美味，乡村之美还在于游生态乡村，赏实景演出。	In addition to picking the vegetables and fruits in the countryside and tasting the delicious foods in the farmyard, the tourists also enjoy the beauty of the countryside by visiting the ecological countryside and watching the live-action performances.
活动期间，离石区、汾阳市、交城县、岚县等地的官员代表向与会者推介各地的风景名胜，诚邀游客旅游观光。	During the event, the official representatives from Lishi District, Fenyang City, Jiaocheng County, and Lan County introduced the tourist attractions in different places for the participants and sincerely invited the tourists to have sightseeing tours.
汾阳市副市长李慧义介绍，汾阳古有宋代百胜将军狄青，今有知名导演贾樟柯；除了流行于晋的汾州地秧歌 、 “ 无汾不成戏”的晋剧文化等民俗文化，还有旅游景点“中国酒都杏花村，乡村振兴贾家庄，生态圣境古文湖，边上明珠上林舍，休闲避暑峪道河 ” 。	Li Huiyi, the deputy mayor of Fenyang City, introduced that both the ever-victorious general Di Qing in the Song Dynasty and the famous director Jia Zhangke in nowadays came from Fenyang; in addition to the folk cultures including Fenzhou local yangko, which was very popular in Shanxi Province, and Jin Opera culture, which "took Fenyang as an important part of drama", Fenyang also had a lot of tourist attractions, such as "Xinghua Village, the wine capital; Jiajia Village, the place of rural revitalization; ancient Wen Lake, the ecological sacred place; Shanglinshe Village, the pearl on the boarder; and Yudaohe Town, the casual summer resort".
实施乡村振兴战略，促进农业供给侧改革，是吕梁作为连片特困地区的扶贫手段。	As the contiguous poor areas, Luliang implemented the strategy of rural vitalization, and promoted the supply-side reform in agriculture to help alleviate poverty.
李正印坦言，打赢打好脱贫攻坚战，消费扶贫是使贫困地区民众实现脱贫增收的一种十分重要的扶贫方式 ， “ 我们热情希望各界朋友‘买贫困地区产品，献扶贫济困爱心 ’ ” 。	Li Zhengyin said frankly that we should win the anti-poverty war successfully. The poverty alleviation through consumption was one of the important forms of poverty alleviation, which would help the people in poor areas to get rid of poverty and increase income. "We intensely hope that friends from all circles will 'buy products from the poor areas and help the poor'".
此次活动以“庆祝丰收、弘扬文化、振兴乡村”为主题，旨在通过举办乡村旅游、民俗表演、美食品鉴、特色农产品和功能食品展示展销等活动，邀请游客“品特色山珍、赏民俗文化、游吕梁美景 ” ， 打造“吕梁红枣 ” “ 吕梁核桃 ” “ 吕梁杂粮”等一批有较高美誉度和市场竞争力的农产品和功能食品知名品牌。	With the themes of "celebrating the harvest, carrying forward the culture, and revitalizing the villages", this event was designed to invite the tourist to "taste the special delicacies, appreciate the folk culture, and enjoy the beautiful scenery in Luliang" by holding the activities of rural tourism, folklore performances, food tasting, exhibition and spot sale of special agricultural products and functional foods, and build the famous brands of agricultural products and functional foods with higher reputation and market competitiveness, such as "red dates in Luliang", "walnuts in Luliang" and "minor grain crops in Luliang", etc.
活动期间，还将举行招商引资和贸易签约活动，以及“十佳种植能手 ” “ 十佳致富带头人 ” “ 十佳农村电商带头人 ” “ 十佳名厨”等颁奖活动。	During the event, there will be the investment inviting activities, contract signing activities, and prize-giving activities of "Top Ten Planting Experts", "Top Ten Wealth Leaders", "Top Ten Rural Electric Commerce Leaders", and "Top Ten Famous Chefs".
厦门市人民政府近日发布通知，自10月1日起，外来务工人员持有厦门市居住证连续满5周年、在厦门市办理就业登记手续并参加社会养老保险连续满5周年且在厦门拥有《厦门市土地房屋权证 》 的房产，可将户口迁入。	Recently, Xiamen People’s Government made an announcement that from October 1, the migrant workers can move their residence registration into Xiamen, such works include those who hold Xiamen residence permit for more than five continuous years, conduct employment registration procedures in Xiamen and enroll in social endowment insurance for more than five continuous years and have house property with "Xiamen Land and House Property Certificate".
户口在集美区、海沧区、同安区或翔安区且满5周年的居民，在厦门市办理就业登记手续并参加厦门市社会养老保险连续满5周年，在思明区、湖里区拥有《厦门市土地房屋权证 》 的房产，可将户口迁入思明区、湖里区。	Residents whose registered residence are in Jimei, Haicang, Tongan or Xiang’an for more than five years, conduct employment registration procedures in Xiamen and enroll in social endowment insurance for more than five continuous years, and have house property with "Xiamen Land and House Property Certificate" in Siming and Huli, can move their residence registration into Siming and Huli.
目前，厦门市有6个市辖区，分为岛内的思明区和湖里区；岛外海沧区、集美区、同安区和翔安区。	At present, there are six municipal districts in Xiamen, which are divided into Siming District and Huli District within the island; and Haicang, Jimei, Tongan and Xiang’an districts are outside the island.
这是厦门自2010年8月后，首次放宽落户厦门岛内的条件。	This is the first time that the conditions for settlement in Xiamen Island have been broadened since 2010 August.
新华社福州10月1日电(记者邰晓安)10月1日 ， 《 福建省高速铁路安全管理规定》正式实施。	Xinhua News Agency, Fuzhou, October 1 (reported by Tai Xiao'an) -- The "Regulation on the Administration of High-speed Railway Safety in Fujian Province" was officially enforced on October 1.
规定提出，高铁电力线路导线两侧各500米范围内，禁止升放风筝、气球、孔明灯、飞行器等空飘物和小型航空器。	The regulation put forward that it is prohibited to fly kites, balloons, Kongming lanterns, aircrafts and other floating objects in the air and small aircrafts within the scope of 500 meters from high-speed railway power line conductors on both sides.
规定在《中华人民共和国铁路法 》 《 铁路安全管理条例》等上位法基础上，根据福建省地理气候特点，对影响高铁安全的禁止和限制行为进行补充规定，规范高铁沿线施工建造、树木种植等行为，进一步明确高铁监管主体和监管范围，明确执法监管职责和法律责任。	Base on the "Railway Law of the People's Republic of China", the "Regulation on the Administration of Railway Safety", and other higher-level laws, the regulation stipulates the supplemental provisions on the prohibited and limited actions, which will affect high-speed railway safety, according to the geographical and climatic characteristics of Fujian Province. It standardizes the actions of construction and tree planting along the high-speed railway, further clarifies the supervising subject and supervising scope of high-speed railway, and clarifies the supervising duties and legal responsibilities of law enforcement.
规定针对福建省沿海大风多发，高铁沿线轻质建(构)筑材料和轻飘物被吹入高铁影响安全的情况，规定了高铁电力线路导线两侧各500米范围内，禁止升放风筝、气球、孔明灯、动力伞、飞行器等空飘物和小型航空器。	In view of the situation that light construction (structure) materials and light floating objects along the high-speed railway will be blown into the high-speed railway to affect safety due to strong winds along the coast of Fujian Province, the regulation stipulates that it is prohibited to fly kites, balloons, Kongming lanterns, powered parachutes, aircrafts and other floating objects in the air and small aircrafts within the scope of 500 meters from high-speed railway power line conductors on both sides.
此外，高铁沿线的塑料大棚、彩钢板、遮阳网等轻质物体及施工过程中产生的低空漂浮物、塑料防护薄膜等轻飘物，所有人或者使用人应当采取加固防护措施，防止危害高速铁路安全。	In addition, the owners or users of plastic-covered tunnels, color plates, sunshade nets and other light objects along the high-speed railway as well as low-altitude floating objects, plastic protective films and other light floating objects generated during the construction process should take reinforcement and protection measures to prevent harming the safety of high-speed railway.
针对福建省处于丘陵地带、高速铁路隧道多的特点，规定要求高铁隧道上方中心线两侧各200米范围内，进行修建山塘、水库、堤坝，开挖河道、干渠，打井等可能影响隧道安全的行为，应当征求铁路建设单位或者铁路运输企业意见。	In view of the characteristics that Fujian Province is located in hilly lands and the high-speed railway has many tunnels, the regulation requires that the railway construction unit or the railway transportation enterprise should be consulted before building the hilly ponds, reservoirs, and dams and digging the river channels, main canals and wells within the scope of 200 meters from the center line above the high-speed railway tunnels on both sides, which might affect the safety of tunnels.
同时，违反《规定》相关责任者，将由公安机关责令改正；情节较重的，对单位并处5000元以上1万元以下的罚款，对个人并处200元以上500元以下的罚款；情节严重的，对单位并处1万元以上3万元以下的罚款，对个人并处500元以上1000元以下的罚款。	And those who breach the relevant responsibilities of the "Regulation" will be instructed to correct by the public security organs; in relatively serious cases, the unit will also be fined 5000-10000 Yuan and the individual will also be fined 200-500 Yuan; in serious cases, the unit will also be fined 10000-30000 Yuan and the individual will also be fined 500-1000 Yuan.
造成损失的，应当依法承担赔偿责任。	In case it causes losses, it should be liable for compensation according to laws.
据了解，随着铁路建设的快速发展，福建省时速200公里及以上的高速铁路里程目前已达1516公里，实现了市市通动车，预计未来5年福建境内时速200公里及其以上铁路线路将达到2150公里。	It is known that the mileage of Fujian high-speed railway with the speed of 200 km/h and above has currently reached 1516 kilometers with the rapid development of railway construction. All cities in Fujian Province have the transport services of bullet train. It is expected that mileage of Fujian railway with the speed of 200 km/h and above will reach 2150 kilometers in the next five years.
该规定的施行，将规范福建省内高铁的安全管理，进一步落实地方政府部门职责，统筹铁路与地方力量，合力共保高铁安全，完善福建省境内高铁安全防控体系。	The enforcement of this regulation will standardize the administration of high-speed railway safety in Fujian Province, further implement the duties of local governments, coordinate the railways and local forces, work together to protect the high-speed railway safety, and complete the prevention and control system of high-speed railway safety in Fujian Province.
路透香港11月5日 - 中国最大啤酒生产商————华润啤酒（控股）有限公司(0291.HK)周一宣布，通过旗下华润雪花啤酒收购喜力啤酒(Heineken/海尼根 ) ( HEIN.AS)在内地成立的六家啤酒厂以及喜力香港的全部已发行股本，总代价约23.55亿港元。	Report of Reuters on November 5 in Hong Kong: China Resources (Holdings) Co., Ltd.(0291.HK), the largest beer manufacturer in China, announced on Monday that it acquired all issued equities of six breweries founded by Heineken (HEIN.AS) in the mainland and Heineken Hong Kong via its subordinate China Resources Snow Breweries, with total cost of around HK$2.355 billion.
同时，公司并与喜力签订商标许可协，授权华润雪在中国大陆、香港和澳门使用相关Heineken®商标生产、营销、经销和销售许可产品，为期20年，其后将按照相同的条款和条件续期，每次续期10年，直至商标许可协议的终止条款终止。	Meanwhile, the company signed the trademark license agreement with Heineken and authorized the China Resources Snow Breweries to use the relevant Heineken® trademark to manufacture, market, distribute and sell the licensed products with a term of 20 years. Subsequently, it would be renewed according to the same terms and conditions, with each renewal of 10 years, until the termination terms of the trademark license agreement ended.
华润啤酒今年8月宣布，其直接控股股东华润集团（啤酒）有限公司与喜力达成涉资高达约285亿港元的股权合作协议。	China Resources announced in September that its direct controlling shareholder of China Resources (Beer) Co.,Ltd. and Heineken reached a equity cooperation agreement up to HK $28.5 billion.
同时，华润啤酒与喜力达成长期战略合作安排，当中包括收购喜力在中国、香港及澳门的现有业务，并与华润啤酒在中国境内的啤酒业务融合。	Meanwhile, China Resources and Heineken reached a long-term strategic cooperation arrangement, including acquisition of the existing business of Heineken in China mainland, Hong Kong and Macao, and integration with the beer business of China Resources in China.
是次交易为该项合作协议的进一步落实。	This transaction was the further implementation of this cooperation agreement.
华润啤酒表示，与喜力的交易为集团提供了向高端啤酒市场扩展的重要战略、长期发展以及价值提升的机会，双方因此建立的长期合作关系将具有高度互补性。	China Resources said that the transaction with Heineken provided the group with opportunities of important strategies, long-term development and value enhancement to expand to the high-end beer market. The long-term cooperative relationship established by both sides for such reason would have high complementarity.
华润啤酒上周五收盘报28.85港元，过去一个月下跌近4.5 % 。	China Resources closed at HK$28.85 last Friday, with a decrease of nearly 4.5% in the past month.
印尼强震海啸灾后满目疮痍 罹难人数或多达数千人-中新网	Indonesia was in a state of devastation after the strong earthquake and tsunami, and the number of fatalities might be several thousands. -- ECNS
综合报道，印度尼西亚苏拉威西岛9月28日发生7.5级浅层地震，触发6米高海啸。	According to the comprehensive reports, Sulawesi, an Indonesian island, had a shallow earthquake with the magnitude of 7.5, which triggered a tsunami as high as 6 meters.
国家灾害应变部门9月30日公布，死亡人数增至832人，主要集中在首府帕卢及邻近震中的栋加拉县。	The national disaster response department announced on September 30 that the death toll rose up to 832, which was mainly in Palu, the capital, and Donggala near the epicenter of the quake.
副总统卡拉指出，由于部分灾区仍未计算伤亡数字，罹难人数可能多达数千人。	Kalla, the Vice President of Indonesia, indicated that the number of fatalities might be several thousands because the number of casualties had not been collected from some disaster areas.
印尼中苏拉威西省9月28日下午发生的强震及引发的海啸已经造成832人死亡。	The earthquake, which occurred in Central Sulawesi in Indonesia in the afternoon on September 28, and the resulting tsunami killed 832 people.
数千建筑物倒塌 240万人受灾	Thousands of buildings collapsed and 2.4 million people were affected.
帕卢灾后满目疮痍，数以千计的建筑物倒塌，多条道路断裂，当局称，估计约240万人受灾。	Palu was in a state of devastation after the catastrophe, thousands of buildings fell down, and many roads were broken. The authority said that it was estimated that about 2.4 million people were affected.
位于当地沿岸的一个酒店倒塌，只有24名客人安全逃出，估计约50至60人被困瓦砾堆，现场不时传出呼救声，救援人员9月30日成功救出一名年轻女子。	A hotel on the coast collapsed, but only 24 guests escaped safely from it. It was estimated that about 50-60 people were trapped in the rubbles. People's cries for help came out of the site at times, and the rescuers successfully saved a young girl on September 30.
由于要确保被困者安全，当局无法动用重型机器移走瓦砾，搜救进度缓慢。	Since the safety of the trapped people should be ensured, the authority couldn't use the heavy-duty machines to remove the rubbles, and the rescue activities progressed slowly.
市内一座商场同样倒塌，数百名居民赶到现场，等候亲友的音讯。	A shopping mall in the city also collapsed, and hundreds of residents came to the site to wait for the information about their relatives and friends.
不少居民则利用社交平台发文，寻找失散亲友。	A lot of residents posted the messages on the social platforms to look for their lost relatives and friends.
当地时间9月30日，印尼中苏拉威西巴鲁市，一栋酒店坍塌，救援工作展开。	On september 30 local time, a hotel fell down in Palu, Sulawesi, Indonesia. The rescue works started.
帕卢1万人待救援 5名外国人下落不明	10000 people were waiting for rescue in Palu, and 5 foreigners were missing.
当局表示，帕卢市内约有1万人等待救援，分散于50个地点。	The authority indicated that there were about 10000 people waiting for rescue in Palu, and they were located at 50 locations.
据悉，地震发生时有71名外国人身在帕卢，暂时已知其中66人安全，包括21名中国公民，余下的2名法国人、2名马来西亚游客及1名韩国人下落不明。	It was learned that 71 foreigners were in Palu when the earthquake occurred. And it was known that 66 of them were safe, including 21 Chinese citizens, but 2 French people, 2 Malaysian tourists, and 1 Korean were missing.
中国驻印度尼西亚大使馆正通过各种渠道，了解核实灾区中国公民状况，暂未收到中国公民伤亡报告。	China's Embassy in Indonesia was getting and checking the information about the status of Chinese citizens in the disaster areas through a variety of channels, and it didn't receive any casualty reports of Chinese citizens.
邻近震中的栋加拉县通讯仍然中断，暂时得知11人遇难，但未有更详细消息。	Near the epicenter of the quake, the communication in Donggala was still cut off. It was reported that 11 people were killed for the moment, but there wasn't any more detailed information.
据现场画面显示，栋加拉县沿海地区和港口严重受创，大量建筑物被卷走，尸体散落各处，红十字会救援队伍正前往当地搜救。	Pictures from the scene showed that the coastal areas and ports in Donggala were severely damaged, a lot of buildings were whirled away, and dead bodies scattered here and there. The rescue teams of the Red Cross were rushing there to carry out the search and rescue works.
印尼总统视察灾情 称尽快展开重建工作	The President of Indonesia visited the affected areas to see the disastrous situation. He said that the reconstruction works would be carried out as soon as possible.
帕卢和栋加拉的道路严重损毁，帕卢机场9月30日只开放运送救援物资的飞机使用，让救援物资和人员尽快抵达，并运走重伤者。	The roads in Palu and Donggala were heavily destroyed. In order to help the relief supplies and rescuers arrive there as quickly as possible and take away the seriously injured people, Palu Airport was only opened for the planes of delivering the relief supplies on September 30.
当地多间医院仍然停电，伤者要在户外接受治疗。	Many local hospitals were still out of electricity, so the injured people needed to be treated in the open air.
逾万灾民入住收容中心，有人担心余震不敢回家，宁愿在户外过夜。	More than 10000 victims were living in the collective centers. Some people were worried about the aftershocks and dared not go back home. They preferred to sleep outside.
继帕卢有监狱在地震中倒塌，引发数百名囚犯逃狱后，栋加拉县也有逾百囚犯趁地震造成混乱期间越柙，并有囚犯在羁留中心放火闹事。	After hundreds of prisoners in Palu broke the prison taking advantage of the occasion that the prison collapsed in the earthquake, hundreds of prisoners in Donggala escaped from the prison taking advantage of the chaos in the earthquake, and some prisoners even set fire to make troubles in the detention centers.
印度尼西亚总统佐科9月30日到帕卢视察灾情，他指出要在短时间内解决大量问题，包括恢复通讯是非常困难的事情。	Joko, the President of Indonesia, visited the affected areas to see the disastrous situation on September 30. He pointed out that it was very hard to solve a great number of problems, including to restore the communication.
他呼吁灾民忍耐，并称当局会尽快展开重建工作。	He called for the victims to be patient, and said that the authority would carry out the reconstruction works as soon as possible.
另一方面，印尼财政部长宣布，政府已拨出5600亿印度尼西亚盾救灾。	On the other side, the Finance Minister of Indonesia announced that the government had allocated 560 billion Indonesian rupiahs to provide disaster relief.
广东省确诊一例人感染H5N6禽流感病例	One human case of infection with H5N6 avian influenza has been confirmed in Guangdong Province
卫生局表示，根据内地卫生部门的最新通报，广东省确诊一例人感染H5N6禽流感病例。	The Health Bureau said that according to the latest notification of mainland health sectors, one human case of infection with H5N6 avian influenza has been confirmed in Guangdong Province.
卫生局呼吁居民避免接触禽鸟，注意个人和食物卫生。	The Health Bureau appeals to citizens for avoiding being exposed to birds and pay attention to personal and food hygiene.
据资料指，患者为22岁男性，现居广东省广州市白云区；於9月25日出现发热等症状，9月26日入院治疗，目前在医院隔离治疗，病情危重。	According to the data, the patient is a 22-year-old male and now resides in Baiyun District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province; he developed fever and other symptoms on September 25, and was hospitalized on September 26. Now he is treated in isolation in hospital in critical condition.
患者发病前曾宰杀及食用活禽。	The patient have killed and eaten live birds before the onset of illness
自2014年4月至今，分别在四川、广东、云南、湖北、湖南、安徽及广西壮族自治区都有H5N6禽流感确诊个案。	Several cases of infection with H5N6 avian influenza have been confirmed in Sichuan, Guangdong, Yunnan, Hubei, Hunan, Anhui and Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region since April 2014.
卫生局会持续和国家及邻近地区的卫生部门、世界卫生组织保持紧密联系，密切监测各地和本澳的疫情。	The Health Bureau will continue to maintain close contact with the national and adjacent regional health sectors, and the World Health Organization, as well as closely monitoring the situation from place and place and Macao.
为预防人感染禽流感，卫生局呼吁市民注意下列事项：	To prevent human infection with avian influenza, the Health Bureau urges citizens to pay attention to the following items:
避免接触禽鸟或其分泌物、排泄物；如有接触，应立即洗手；	Avoid being exposed to birds or their secretions and excretions; if any exposure, please immediately wash hands;
切勿购买、携带未经检疫的禽鸟；	Do not buy or bring the birds that have not been quarantined;
切勿进食未经彻底煮熟的禽鸟肉、内脏、血制品及蛋等；	Do not eat poultry, offal, blood products and eggs which are not thoroughly cooked;
注意个人卫生，经常洗手；	Pay attention to personal hygiene and frequently wash hands;
如出现发热、咳嗽、呼吸困难等症状，应戴上口罩，尽快就医，并向医生详述旅行史及动物接触史。	In case of fever, cough, dyspnea or other symptoms, please wear a mask and inform the physicians of traveling history and animal contact history in detail.
进口博览会脚步临近，几个月来海陆空刷屏的进口博览会上海城市形象片今天华丽更新。	The Import Expo is approaching, and the Shanghai city image film displayed in the Import Expo which floods the air-sea-land screen over the past few months is gorgeously updated today.
上海从来不缺少活力，在进一步向世界开放市场的今天，市场的活力得到了更加强烈的释放。	Shanghai has never been lack of vitality. Today, through further opening the market to the world, the vitality of the market has been more strongly unleashed.
琳琅满目的新业态，足不出户买遍全球的便利，所到之处尽是惊喜的创新时尚体验，动感影像构建了一个让人目不暇接、活力跃动的上海。	The dazzling new formats, the convenience to buy all over the world without leaving home, the surprising innovative fashion experience everywhere, and the dynamic image have constructed a dizzying and dynamic Shanghai.
身在上海，是一种亲历才懂的情感。	To live in Shanghai is a kind of feeling that can only be understood after experiencing personally.
投身其中，用心感受，这一刻，无论你来自哪里，让我们相聚在上海。	Throw yourself into it and feel it with your heart. At this moment, wherever you come from, let's get together in Shanghai.
俄滨海边疆区政府代表团访问中国时签署了建造国际文化旅游综合体"俄罗斯之家"的框架性协议。	When the government delegation of the Russia's Primorskiy Kray visited China, they signed a framework agreement for the construction of the "Russian House" of the international cultural tourism complex.
该俄罗斯村项目计划建造200个不同建筑风格的房屋，商业街和国际会议大厅。	This Russian Village Project plans to build 200 houses, commercial streets and international conference halls of different architectural styles.
项目方希望能吸引更多的中国游客。	The project side hopes to attract more Chinese tourists.
中国人对俄罗斯文化有着浓厚的兴趣。	Chinese people have a keen interest in Russian culture.
据中方投资者估计，项目总价值预计为30亿卢布。	According to Chinese investors' estimates, the total value of the project is expected to be 3 billion roubles.
本次比赛赛程为期两天，设置有航线赛和长距离赛，21支船队分为A、B两组进行比拼。	This race will last for 2 days and include the boat route race and the long distance race. 21 fleets are divided into A and B teams to compete.
来自中国、美国、荷兰、泰国等国家和地区共21支船队，100多名选手参与。	A total of 21 fleets and more than 100 players from China, the United States, Netherlands, Thailand and other countries and regions take part in this race.
比赛中，几艘帆船在赛道上相遇。	During the race, several sail boats met on the track.
当天，柳州市阳光明媚，选手们在阵阵秋风中扬起风帆，红色的风帆在碧波中飘荡。	That day, the sun was shining brightly in Liuzhou, and the players raised the sails in the autumn winds. The red sails were floating against the bluish waves.
沿岸民众欣赏着帆船在青山绿水中竞技，不时发出阵阵欢呼声。	The crowds on the coast appreciated the sail boats competing among the green mountains and bluish waves, and broke out in cheers frequently.
红色的风帆在碧波中荡漾。	The red sails were floating against the bluish waves.
据悉，Hobie16无动力帆船是一种依靠风力形式，可直接冲滩而无需码头泊位的双体帆船，诞生于1970年，是全球保有量最高的船型之一。	It is reported that "Hobie16" unpowered sail boat is a kind of catamaran, which relies on wind to make the direct beaching without a dock berth. It was made in 1970, and it is one of the most preserved boats in the world.
红色的风帆穿行在绿水青山中。	The red sails were moving against the bluish waves.
Hobie16国际内河帆船公开赛是2018中国柳州国际水上休闲运动会系列比赛的其中一项。	Hobie16 International River Open Sailing is a part of the 2018 Liuzhou International Water Leisure Sports Series in China.
该水上休闲运动会还包括国际水上摩托公开赛、城市沙滩气排球赛和皮划艇漂流大赛等。	This Water Leisure Sports also includes the International Aquabike Open, City Beach Balloon Volleyball Game, and Canoe Wild Water Contest.
中新网10月1日电 2018年，一个叫让-克洛德•阿尔诺的法国男人，因被指控侵犯十余名女性而打乱了诺贝尔奖的节奏。	ECNS, October 1 -- In 2018, a French man named Jean-Claude Arnault broke up the pace of the Nobel Prize for being accused of assaulting more than ten women.
他的妻子是瑞典文学院的院士，而且还是诺贝尔文学奖评委。	His wife is an academician of the Swedish Academy, and she is also one of the judges of Nobel Prize in Literature.
当地时间1日，瑞典法院判处阿尔诺两年监禁。	On October 1 local time, the Swedish Court sentenced Arnault to 2 years in prison.
据悉，71岁的阿尔诺是一名摄影师，同时也是瑞典文化界的权势人物，他被指控侵犯十余名女性。	It was reported that 71-year-old Arnault was a photographer and a powerful person in Swedish cultural circles. He was accused of assaulting more than ten women.
信誉受损的瑞典文学院在今年5月宣布，决定取消颁发2018年诺贝尔文学奖。	The Swedish Academy was discredited, and announced in this May that it decided to cancel the award of the 2018 Nobel Prize in Literature.
记者从中国铁路总公司获悉，今日全国铁路迎来国庆假期客流高峰，预计发送旅客1619万人次，增开旅客列车714列，其中跨铁路局中长途旅客列车136列，铁路局管内旅客列车578列。	The reporter learned from China Railway Corporation that today the national railways would face the peak passenger flow of the National Day holiday. It was expected that 16.19 million passengers would be served, and 714 extra passenger trains would be put into operation, including 136 medium and long distance passenger trains cross the jurisdictions of railway bureaus and 578 passenger trains within the jurisdictions of railway bureaus.
9月30日，全国铁路发送旅客1310.8万人次，同比增加58.4万人次，增长4.7 % ， 全国铁路运输安全平稳有序。	The national railways served 13.108 million passengers on September 30 with an increase of 0.584 million passengers from the previous year, and the rate of increase was 4.7%. The national railway transportation was safe, smooth and orderly.
其中，上海局集团公司发送旅客256万人次，同比增加20.2万人次，增长8.5 % ； 广州局集团公司发送旅客185.5万人次，同比增加21.2万人次，增长12.9 % ； 北京局集团公司发送旅客128.3万人次，同比增加2万人次，增长1.6 % 。	Shanghai Railway Bureau Group Company served 2.56 million passengers with an increase of 0.202 million passengers from the previous year, and the rate of increase was 8.5%; Guangzhou Railway Bureau Group Company served 1.855 million passengers with an increase of 0.212 million passengers from the previous year, and the rate of increase was 12.9%; Beijing Railway Bureau Group Company served 1.283 million passengers with an increase of 0.02 million passengers from the previous year, and the rate of increase was 1.6%.
10月1日，广深港高铁预计发送旅客30万人次(过港5.5万人次 ) ， 开行旅客列车137对(过港83对 ) ； 哈佳铁路预计发送旅客2.8万人次，开行旅客列车30列。	It was expected that Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link would serve 0.3 million passengers (including 0.055 million passengers passing by Hong Kong) on October 1, and 137 pairs of passenger trains would be put into operation (including 83 pairs of passenger trains passing by Hong Kong); it was expected that Harbin-Jiamusi Railway would serve 0.028 million passengers, and 30 passenger trains would be put into operation.
为满足假期旅客集中出行需求，铁路部门科学安排运力，优化站车服务，便利旅客出行。	In order to meet the passengers' needs due to concentrated traveling in the holiday, the railway departments made the scientific arrangements for transportation, optimized the railway services, and facilitated travel for passengers.
济南局集团公司开行“寻味泰州、水韵盐城”文化度假旅游专列；南宁局集团公司开行广西南宁、桂林至内蒙古额济纳旗、贵州黔江、湖北宜昌三峡等方向7趟秋季旅游专列；兰州局集团公司加开敦煌至肃北7528/7527次客运列车，结束了肃北蒙古族自治县和阿克塞哈萨克族自治县不通客运列车的历史；乌鲁木齐局集团公司开行 “环游北疆 ” “ 畅览南疆 ” “ 相约敦煌”等旅游列车102趟；沈阳局集团公司充利用移动售票车，开展送票到学校、到社区服务；北京局集团公司在北京站关键部位安装30台自助求助系统，旅客遇到问题可直接与工作人员对话，实时解答；上海局集团公司提升南京南站“人脸识别”实名制验证效率，单名旅客通过时间由原5秒降至2.9秒。	Jinan Railway Bureau Group Company put the special train of cultural vacation tour with the theme of "Taste of Taizhou, water charm of Yancheng" into operation; Nanning Railway Bureau Group Company put 7 special trains of autumn tour into operation going from Nanning & Guilin in Guangxi to Ejin Banner in Inner Mongolia, Qinjiang in Guizhou, Yichang Three Gorges in Hubei, and other places; Lanzhou Railway Bureau Group Company put the extra passenger trains 7528/7527 going from Dunhuang to Subei, ending the history that there was no passenger train going between Subei Mongolian Autonomous County and Aksay Kazak Autonomous County; Urumchi Railway Bureau Group Company put 102 tourist trains into operation with the themes of "Trip to northern Xinjiang", "Trip to southern Xinjiang", and "Meet in Dunhuang", etc.; Shenyang Railway Bureau Group Company took full advantage of the ticket-office-on-wheels to provide the services of delivering tickets to schools and communities; Beijing Railway Bureau Group Company installed 30 self-service help systems in the key positions in Beijing Railway Station, so that the passengers would directly speak to the staff to get instant answers for any problems; Shanghai Railway Bureau Group Company improved the efficiency of real-name authentication of "face recognition" in Nanjing South Railway Station, reducing the passing time of a single passenger from 5 seconds to 2.9 seconds.
为表达对祖国母亲的祝福，铁路各地站车组织欢歌颂祖国活动。	To express the best wishes to the motherland, the railway stations around the country organized a lot of activities to sing praises to the motherland.
郑州局集团公司各大火车站开展“我与国旗合个影 ” “ 祖国我为您点赞”等旅客职工互动主题活动；武汉局集团公司G586次武汉至北京的高铁上，鲜艳的五星红旗将车厢装点得喜气洋洋，列车乘务人员和旅客共同演出“高铁音乐会 ” ； 西安局集团公司奔驰在陕北黄土高原的D5082次列车上，列车工作人员用象征着丰收的茄子和辣椒装扮车厢，与旅客共同唱响《南泥湾 》 《 山丹丹花开红艳艳 》 … …为祖国庆生。	The railway stations of Zhengzhou Railway Bureau Group Company carried out the interactive themed activities for the passengers and staff, such as "I'd like to take a photo with the national flag", "I'd like to salute our motherland", etc.; the bright five-star red flags created the jubilant atmosphere in the high-speed rail train G586 of Wuhan Railway Bureau Group Company, which went from Wuhan to Beijing. The train staff and passengers were holding a "high-speed rail train concert"; the train staff decorated the train D5082 of Xi'an Railway Bureau Group Company, which was running on Shaanbei Loess plateau, with eggplants and peppers, which were the symbols of good harvest. They also sang songs with the passengers to celebrate the birthday of our motherland, including "Glowing Red Morningstar Lilies", "Nanni Bay", etc.
铁路部门提示广大旅客朋友，节日期间旅客出行较为集中，已通过互联网、电话成功预订但尚未取票的旅客，请尽量提前取票；乘车时请携带车票及与票面信息一致的有效身份证件，预留充足时间取票、安检、验票、换乘，以免耽误行程。	The railway departments reminded the passenger friends that the passengers, who had successfully booked their tickets via Internet and phone call but hadn't collected their tickets, should try their best to collect their tickets ahead of time since the passengers were concentratedly traveling during the holiday season; and that the passengers should carry their tickets and valid identity documents containing the same information with that on the tickets to take the train, and set aside sufficient time to collect tickets, go through security checks, accept ticket checking, and transfer to another train in order to avoid delaying their schedules.
中国国务委员兼外交部长王毅周五在美国对外关系委员会发表演讲称，当前，中美关系再次走到了十字路口，如果双方能积极包容看待彼此，拓展深化正面合作，妥善管控分歧矛盾，就能开辟更美好的前景。	Wang Yi, the Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister made a speech at the Council of Foreign Relations on Friday, and said that currently, the China-U.S. relation came to a crossroad again. If both sides can actively treat each other with tolerance, expand and deepen the positive cooperation, and properly control differences and contradictions, they can open up a better prospect.
“中美关系是我们的共同资产，需要我们一齐呵护 。 ”	"The China-U.S. relation is our common asset which needs us to care about together. "
他表示，希望两国各界有识之士，以实际行动维护中美关系的健康稳定发展，共同推动中美关系朝着正确方向继续前行。	He said that it was expected that people of insight from all sectors of both countries took practical actions to maintain the healthy and stable development of the China-U.S. relation and jointly drove the China-U.S. relation to move forward in the right direction.
王毅并再次强调，中国一定会走出一条与传统大国不同的发展道路。	Wang Yi also emphasized again that China was certain to take a development road different from that of the traditional great powers.
这条有中国特色的道路决定了中国不会也不可能重蹈国强必霸的覆辙，也决定了中国既不会成为美国，不会挑战美国，更不会取代美国。	This road with Chinese characteristics determined that China would not or can not repeat the mistake of a strong country becoming a hegemon, and determined that China would not become another United States, or challenge the United States, or even replace the United States.
王毅发表题为《机遇还是挑战，伙伴还是对手》的演讲时称，目前面临问题的深层次症结在于，一些美国朋友认为中国也会国强必霸，甚至会挑战和取代美国在世界上的领导地位。	Wang Yi made a speech with the topic of "Opportunity or challenge, partner or opponent" and said that currently, the profound crux of the problem is that some American friends believed that China would also make a mistake of a strong country becoming a hegemon, and even challenge and replace the leadership of the United States in the world.
“这显然是一个重大的战略误判 。 ”	"This is obviously a major strategic misjudgment. "
他称，但这种带有自我想象的猜忌正在蔓延，并且放大了存在的矛盾，催生了新的疑虑，也使中美之间解决具体问题变得更加困难，遭遇更多阻力。	He said that this self-imagined suspicion was spreading, and had amplified the existing contradictions, giving rise to new doubts, and making it more difficult for China and the United States to solve specific problems and encounter more resistance.
王毅指出，中国走的是一条和平发展之路。	Wang Yi pointed out that the road China was walking on was a road for peaceful development.
中国人从来就没有对外扩张的基因。	Chinese people have never had a gene for expansion.
相信各国可以和谐共处、交流互鉴。	It was believed that all countries can live in harmony, and make exchanges and mutual learning.
不管过去、现在还是将来，中国既不会照搬外国的模式，也不会要求别国复制中国的做法。	Regardless of past, present or future, China would never copy foreign models, or require other countries to copy China's practices.
稍早前王毅在纽约会见美国前国务卿基辛格时表示，中美合作就会双赢，对抗必然双输。	Earlier, when Wang Yi met with Kissinger, the former U.S. Secretary of State, in New York, he said that China-U.S. cooperation would be win-win and the confrontation would be necessarily lose-lose.
中方始终致力于发展长期健康稳定的中美关系，实现不冲突不对抗、相互尊重、合作共赢。	The Chinese side was always committed to developing the long-term, healthy and stable China-U.S. relation and achieving no conflict, no confrontation, mutual respect and win-win cooperation.
中国国新办周二举行新闻发布会介绍和解读《关于中美经贸摩擦的事实与中方立场》白皮书。	The State Council Information Office of the People’s Republic of China held a press conference on Tuesday to introduce and interpret the white paper of "The Facts and China’s Position on China-US Trade Friction".
中国商务部副部长傅自应在发布会称，中国愿意努力推动双边贸易向更加平衡的方向发展，希望美方也能展现积极姿态。	Fu Ziying, the Vice Minister of China's Ministry of Commerce, said at the conference that China was willing to strive to promote the bilateral trade to develop in a more balanced direction and hoped that the United States would also show a positive attitude.
中新网10月1日电 据外媒报道，印度尼西亚苏拉威西岛9月28日遭强震海啸夹击，沿岸多个城市受严重破坏，最新消息显示，遇难人数已增至1200人。	ECNS, October 1 -- According to foreign media reports, Sulawesi, an Indonesian island, was hit by strong earthquake and tsunami on September 28, and many coastal cities were heavily damaged. The latest information showed that the death toll had rose to 1200.
据报道，接近震中的帕卢市栋加拉镇(Donggala)遭到两轮海啸冲击，随着救援的“黄金72小时”过去，当局相信遇难人数将继续上升。	According to the reports, the tsunami stroke Donggala in Palu twice since it was near the epicenter of the quake. After the "golden 72 hours" for rescue, the authority thought that the death toll would continue to rise.
当地时间2018年9月30日，印度尼西亚中苏拉威西省帕卢，救援者抬着一名从餐厅废墟下救出的地震幸存者。	On September 30, 2018 local time, the rescuers were carrying an earthquake survivor saved under the ruins of a restaurant in Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.
救灾部门的官员表示，海啸带来的巨浪高达6米，地震和海啸影响的范围超过人们原先的估计。	An official from the disaster relief department said that the huge waves brought by tsunami were up to 6 meters high. The impacts of earthquake and tsunami had exceeded people's original estimation.
据悉，地震和海啸发生时，数百人正在帕卢的海滩上庆祝节日，许多人被巨浪卷走而丧生。	It was learned that hundreds of people were celebrating a festival on the beach when the earthquake and tsunami struck. Many people were swept away by huge waves and died.
有关官员说，海啸当时以800公里的时速向岸上扑来，很多建筑物和基础设施被毁。	An official said that the tsunami was moving towards the shore at 800 miles an hour, and a lot of buildings and infrastructures were destroyed.
他说，数千座房屋、医院、购物商城和旅馆倒塌，海啸引发的泥石流切断了帕卢的一条主要公路。	He said that thousands of houses, hospitals, shopping malls and hotels collapsed, and the debris flow caused by the tsunami cut off a major highway in Palu.
苏拉威西一座横跨沿海河流的大桥倒塌。	In Sulawesi, a bridge across a coastal river fell down.
当地时间9月30日，印尼总统佐科视察了发生地震的中苏拉威西帕卢市。	On September 30, 2018 local time, Joko, the President of Indonesia, visited Palu in Central Sulawesi after the earthquake.
印尼总统佐科9月30日到访灾区，表示已派出军队协助搜救，呼吁灾民要有耐性。	The Indonesian President Joko visited the disaster areas on September 30, and said that the troops had been sent out to assist the rescue. He also called for the victims to be patient.
佐科指出，由于重型机器及人手不足，因此救援行动十分困难。	Joko pointed out that it was very hard to carry out the rescue activities because of insufficient heavy-duty machines and people.
他得悉灾区多处缺乏食水、食物以及燃料等物资，加上不少商户在震后已关闭，已派出飞机空投物资。	He heard that many disaster areas were short of drinking water, food, fuel and other materials, and many stores were closed after the earthquake. Therefore, planes were sent out to airlift supplies.
他呼吁灾民要有耐性，留在原来位置等候救援。	He called for the victims to be patient, and asked them to stay in the original location to wait for rescue.
帕卢市的搜救人员说，听见市内一家已倒塌的酒店里传出呼救声，但因没有重型机器移开瓦砾，束手无策，部分人需要徒手救人。	The rescuers in Palu said they heard cries for help from a inside buried hotel, but they could do nothing because they didn't have heavy-duty machines to remove the rubbles. Some rescuers had to save people with their bare hands.
印尼副总统卡拉表示，一些地区的电力和通讯被切断导致信息不畅通，这次地震和海啸造成的死亡人数最后可能升至数千人。	Kalla, the Vice President of Indonesia, said that the electricity and communication in some places were cut off, so the information was blocked. The number of deaths in this earthquake and tsunami might finally rise up to several thousands.
央广网沈阳11月5日消息(记者徐志强 通讯员严怡娜)记者今天从辽宁全省法院基本解决执行难调度会上获悉，辽宁全省法院在为期半年的执行“风暴”战役中，严厉打击拒不执行行为，共移送拒执罪241人，保持了打击拒执违法犯罪的高压态势。	CNR News, Shenyang, November 5 (Reporter Xu Zhiqiang, Correspondent Yan Yina) - The reporter learned from the Liaoning all provincial court’s "basically resolving the problem of difficulties in enforcement" dispatch meeting that the Liaoning all provincial courts severely cracked down the behavior of refusing to implement during the six-month implementation of the "storm" campaign. During the implementation, a total of 241 people who committed the crimes of refusing to implement were transfered, maintaining a high pressure against the crime of refusing to commit crimes.
据了解，按照辽宁高院统一部署，从4月初至9月底，辽宁法院开展为期半年基本解决执行难“风暴”战役，集结优势力量，对基本解决执行难发起全面总攻。	It is understood that in accordance with the unified deployment of the Liaoning High Court, from the beginning of April to the end of September, the Liaoning courts carried out a six-month "basically resolving the problem of difficulties in enforcement" "storm" campaign, gathered the superior forces, and launched a comprehensive general attack on the "basically resolving the problem of difficulties in enforcement".
同时，全省法院依法组织开展了罚款一批、拘留一批、限制消费一批、失信惩戒一批、移送拒执罪一批的“五个一批”活动。	At the same time, the provincial courts organized a "five batches" campaign, including a batch of fines, a batch of campaign, a batch of restricted with consumption, a batch of dishonesty punishment and a batch of transferring for refusing to implement.
活动伊始，全省法院共有13.2万余件未结执行案件，在7月底，案件实现清仓见底。	At the beginning of the campaign, there were more than 132,000 pending execution cases in the provincial courts. At the end of July, the case was cleared.
活动中，全省法院共对被执行人罚款1206.07万元、拘留4146人、限制消费162844人、失信惩戒55128人、移送拒执罪241人。	During the campaign, the provincial courts imposed a total fine of 12,060,700 yuan on the persons subject to enforcement, and 4,146 people were detained, 162,844 people were restricted with consumption, 55,128 were punished for dishonesty, and 241 were transfered for refusing to implement.
今年1至10月，辽宁法院共受理执行案件297438件，同比增长13.28 % ； 执结226558件，同比增长83.18 % ； 执行到位312.36亿元，同比增长74.94 % 。	From January to October of this year, the Liaoning courts accepted a total of 297,438 cases of execution, a year-on-year increase of 13.28%; 226,558 cases were executed and settled, a year-on-year increase of 83.18%; the implementation reached 31.236 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 74.94%.
“ 请问哪里可以坐出租车？	"Where can we take a taxi?
我们想去金紫荆广场看国庆升旗仪式 ！ ”	We'd like to go to the Golden Bauhinia Square to watch the National Day flag-raising ceremony! "
特意从宁夏坐飞机到深圳、在深圳转乘广深港高速铁路国庆日头班车的宋氏夫妇10月1日早上在香港西九龙站接受中新社记者访问时，如是向记者查询。	In the morning of October 1, Mr and Mrs Song, who specially flew from Ningxia to Shenzhen and transferred to the first train of Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link for National Day, accepted an interview of a reporter from China News at the West Kowloon station in Hong Kong and inquired such information.
10月1日上午，为庆祝中华人民共和国成立69周年，香港特别行政区政府在金紫荆广场举行隆重升旗仪式。	In the morning of October 1, in order to celebrate the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Hong Kong SAR Government held a grand flag-raising ceremony at the Golden Bauhinia Square.
据出入境管制站统计数字显示，截至9月30日，经高铁西九龙站入境香港的旅客数字已突破30万人次。	According to the statistics of the Immigration Control Point, as of September 30, the number of passengers entering Hong Kong via the West Kowloon station of the high-speed railway have exceeded 300,000.
适逢祖国69周年华诞，西九龙边检站预计，10月1日、2日将出现旅客访港高峰。	At the very time of the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the West Kowloon boundary checkpoint predicts a peak of visitors to Hong Kong on October 1 and 2.
记者1日早7时许在抵港大堂见到，众多内地旅客趁着国庆黄金周，搭高铁、游香港。	The reporter saw at the arrival lobby around 7:00 a.m. on October 1 that many mainland tourists took advantage of the National Day Golden Week, to take the high-speed rail and visit Hong Kong.
脚步轻快的宋太太对记者说，国庆假期是一年中难得的长假，来香港金紫荆广场看升旗是她一直以来的心愿，能在国庆日达成这一心愿，觉得特别开心、兴奋。	Mrs Song with light-footedness told the reporter that the National Day holiday was a rare long holiday in a year. It has always been her wish to come to the Golden Bauhinia Square in Hong Kong to watch the flag-raising ceremony. She felt very happy and excited to be able to accomplish this will on National Day.
但现时宁夏往来香港的航班不便，好在高铁香港段通车，宋先生查询列车时刻表后发现，头班车早上7时3分便可抵达，接驳市内交通工具去金紫荆广场，时间刚刚好。	But currently, the flights between Ningxia and Hong Kong are inconvenient. Thanks to the opening of the high-speed railway for the Hong Kong segment. Mr Song checked the train schedule and found that the first train could arrive at 7:03 a.m., and it was perfect timing for taking urban transportation means to the Golden Bauhinia Square.
他跟记者感叹 ： “ 高铁实在是太方便了，又快又准时 ！ ”	He told the reporters, "the high-speed railway is very convenient, fast and on time! "
每日往来广州南、深圳北及福田与西九龙的70班1小时内短途列车，极大地方便了粤港澳大湾区内居民来港。	The 70 daily one-hour short-haul trains running between Guangzhou South, Shenzhen North, Futian and West Kowloon greatly facilitated the residents in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to visit Hong Kong.
家住深圳的刘先生抵港后，正准备去中环山顶汇合行山的香港朋友。	After arriving in Hong Kong, Mr Liu, who lived in Shenzhen, was preparing to join his Hong Kong friends at the top of a hill in Central.
刘先生说 ： “ 国庆节内地和香港都放假，我们打算挑战一下自己，看能不能走完50公里的港岛径 ！ ”	Mr Liu said, "both the mainland and Hong Kong have holidays on National Day. We intend to challenge ourselves and see if we can complete walking the 50-kilometer Hong Kong Trail! "
他解释，若非高铁开通，往来便利，时间充足，他们也不敢轻易尝试这么长距离的行山活动。	He explained that they would not dare to make such a long trek without the convenience and sufficient time brought about by the high-speed railway.
来自东莞的杨太太则带着10岁的儿子乘搭高铁前来香港参加钢琴比赛，她骄傲地告诉记者，儿子学琴已3年，用这种方式度过国庆，觉得很有意义。	Mrs Yang, who came from Dongguan, took her 10-year-old son to come to Hong Kong to participate in the piano competition by taking the high-speed railway. She proudly told the reporter that her son had been studying piano for three years, and it was very meaningful to spend the National Day in this way.
此前来港她一直乘巴士，但耗时耗力，她担心影响儿子状态，这次经深圳乘高铁前来，通关便利、用时减半，香港段的行程更令她印象深刻，她对记者说 ： “ 好像坐地铁，特别快，我都没来得及拍照就到了 ！ ”	She had previously come to Hong Kong by bus, but it was time-consuming and laborious. She was worried about affecting her son's condition. This time she came from Shenzhen by high-speed railway. The customs clearance was convenient and the time was reduced by half. She was more impressed by the trip in Hong Kong segment. She told the reporter, "it seems like taking the subway, which is very fast. I am not able to do take photos before arriving! "
9月23日6点44分，G5711次“和谐号”高铁列车从深圳北站出发，一路疾驰，数分钟后列车进入广深港高铁香港段，这是香港段迎来的首趟正式运营的高铁列车。	At 6:44 a.m. on September 23, the G5711 "Harmony" high-speed train departed from Shenzhen North Railway Station and sped all the way. A few minutes later, the train entered the Hong Kong segment of Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link. This was the first formally operated high-speed train in the Hong Kong segment.
融入国家2.5万公里的高铁网络、直达全国38个长途站点的高铁香港段，也迎来天南地北不同省份的内地旅客。	The Hong Kong segment of the high-speed railway, which integrates the national 25,000-kilometer high-speed rail network and reaches 38 long-distance stations throughout the country, also welcomes mainland tourists from different provinces far apart from each other.
趁小长假从长沙来港探亲的高先生对记者说，此前高铁只能坐到深圳北，搭乘地铁过关香港再辗转市内交通工具，换乘麻烦且费时，现在直接坐到九龙中心，到家就能吃到孩子做的午餐，感觉十分幸福。	Mr Gao, who took advantage of minor vacation to visit relatives in Hong Kong from Changsha, told the reporter that previously, the high-speed railway could only travel to Shenzhen North, and he needed to take the subway to pass through Hong Kong, and then take urban transportation means. It was troublesome and time-consuming to make transfers. Now, he can travel directly to the center of Kowloon and have lunch which was made by his children when getting home. He felt very happy.
他表示 ， “ 一地两检”通关程序的便利程度超乎想象 ， “ 10分钟不到，两个关都过了 。 ”	He said that the "one port and two immigration inspection" customs clearance procedure were very convenient beyond imagination, and "passing both customs within 10 minutes. "
紧邻机场快线、连接陆空交通的西九龙站，也成为众多过境旅客的首选地。	The West Kowloon Station, which is close to the Airport Express and connects land and air traffic, has also become the preferred destination for many transit passengers.
来自福建的吴小姐准备和闺蜜们从香港前往菲律宾度过黄金周，在西九龙准点出闸的她推着行李，不疾不徐地对记者说 ： “ 本来还怕赶不上飞机，没想到这么快，时间绰绰有余 ！ ”	Miss Wu, from Fujian Province, prepared to spend the Golden Week with her friends traveling from Hong Kong to Philippines. Pushing her luggage out of the gate on time in West Kowloon, she told the reporter without hesitation, "I was afraid of not catching up with the plane, but I didn't think it would be so fast and that was more than enough! "
据周一公布的贸易协议附属安排，新的美国-墨西哥-加拿大贸易协议将保留美国总统特朗普落实对进口汽车加征25%关税威胁的能力，与此同时使从加拿大和墨西哥进口的乘用车、皮卡和汽车零件基本上豁免缴纳关税。	According to the subsidiary arrangement of the trade agreement published on Monday, the new U.S. -Mexico-Canada trade agreement will retain the President Trump's ability to implement the threat to impose a 25% tariff on imported cars, while essentially exempting passenger cars, pickup trucks and auto parts imported from Canada and Mexico from paying tariffs.
如果特朗普出于国家安全原因对汽车征收所谓的“232章”关税，那么墨西哥和加拿大都将拥有每年向美国出口260万辆豁免缴税的乘用车配额。	If Trump imposes a so-called "Chapter 232" tariff on cars for national security reasons, Mexico and Canada will have a tax-exempt quota of 2.6 million passenger cars exported to the United States each year.
按照附属安排，在两国生产的皮卡将完全得到关税豁免。	According to the subsidiary arrangement, the pickup trucks manufactured in both countries will be fully exempted from tariffs.
若特朗普加征汽车关税，墨西哥将获得每年1,080亿美元汽车零件豁免缴税配额，加拿大将获得324亿美元配额。	If Trump imposes auto tariffs, Mexico will receive a tax exemption quota of $108 billion each year for auto parts, and Canada will receive a quota of $32.4 billion.
这两个配额均远高于两国现有产量水平，为两国出口提供了增长空间。	These two quotas are far higher than the current production levels of the two countries, and provide their exports with growth space.
路透华盛顿/墨西哥9月28日 - 墨西哥周五称，经过数日的争论，美国总统特朗普的政府和加拿大正在做出切实努力以求解决贸易政策分歧，令外界憧憬北美自由贸易协定(NAFTA)有望维持三方协定形式。	Report of Reuters on September 28 in Washington/Mexico: Mexico said on Friday that after days of debates, the U.S. President Trump's government and Canada were making real efforts to resolve trade policy differences, raising hopes that the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) would maintain the form of a tripartite agreement.
虽然缺乏细节，但上述明显的进展足以促使墨西哥和美国政府突然停止公布两方贸易协定文本的计划，给加拿大更多时间来加入协定。	Despite lack of details, the obvious progress mentioned above is enough to prompt the Mexican and American governments to abruptly stop publishing the text of the two-party trade agreement and give Canada more time to join the agreement.
墨西哥候任总统奥夫拉多尔(Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador)在墨西哥对记者表示，美国政府已对加拿大政府提出新的反建议，并称他将继续力促三个国家都参与NAFTA。	Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, the Mexican president-elect, told the reporters in Mexico that the U.S. government had made new counter-proposals to the Canadian government and said he would continue to urge these three countries to participate in NAFTA.
墨西哥经济部长瓜哈尔多(Ildefonso Guajardo)称，将美墨两方贸易协定文本提交给墨西哥和美国立法的时间被推迟，因加拿大和美国政府“非常认真地”尝试达成协议。	Ildefonso Guajardo, the Mexican Minister of Economic Affairs, said the time for submitting the text of the US-Mexico trade agreement to the legislation departments of Mexico and the United States had been delayed because the Canadian and American governments tried to reach an agreement "very seriously".
瓜哈尔多称 ， “ 在未来48小时内，我们将知道我们是达成一份三方协定文本，还是不得不公布两方协定文本 。 ”	Guajardo said, "In the next 48 hours, we will know whether we will get a text of a tripartite agreement or have to publish the text of the two-party agreement. "
瓜哈尔多说，他的美国和加拿大同级官员“特别要求”推迟发布该文本。	Guajardo said that the officials at the same level in the U.S. and Canada had "special requests" to postpone to publish the text.
美国贸易代表办公室(USTR)的发言人未就美墨两方贸易协定文本及美国与加拿大的磋商置评。	The spokesman of the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) did not comment on the text of the bilateral trade agreement between the United States and Mexico and the negotiations between the United States and Canada.
加拿大总理办公室和外交部长办公室的官员未回复有关反建议的置评请求。	Officials of the Prime Minister's Office and the Office of Minister for Foreign Affairs of Canada did not respond to requests for comment on the counter-proposal.
据外媒报道，南非首都比勒陀利亚郊区的一处保育中心里，两只小狮子一起嬉闹玩耍，很难看出有任何异常之处,不过它们其实绝无仅有。	According to foreign media reports, it was hard for people to find anything unusual in two little lions playing in a conservation center located in the suburb in Pretoria, the capital of South Africa, but they were absolutely unique.
比勒陀利亚大学宣布 ： “ 这是历来首见以人工授精方式诞生的幼狮 ― ― 全世界的第一对 。 ”	University of Pretoria announced: "They are the first lions in the history, which are born by artificial insemination -- the first pair of lions in the world. "
校内科学家正致力研究母非洲狮的生殖系统。	The scientists of the university were committing themselves to studying the reproductive system of female African lions.
比勒陀利亚大学哺乳动物研究所主任甘斯温特表示，8月25日出生的这两只幼狮一雌一雄，相当健康，也很正常。	Ganswindt, the director of Mammal Institute of University of Pretoria, said that these two little lions born on August 25 were a female lion and a male lion. They were pretty healthy and quite normal.
他的团队经过18个月的密集试验，终于达成此项突破。	After the intensive tests in 18 months, his team finally made this breakthrough.
甘斯温特接受媒体访问时表示 ： “ 我们从一头健康雄狮身上采集精子 。 ”	Ganswindt said in a media interview: "We collected the sperms from a healthy male lion. "
接下来，研究人员等母狮体内的荷尔蒙含量达到合适程度时，为它进行人工授精。	Next, the researchers waited for the hormones in the female lion to reach a proper level so as to conduct the artificial insemination in it.
甘斯温特表示 ： “ 幸运的是，结果成功 。 ”	Ganswindt said: "Fortunately, the result turned out to be successful. "
他说，研究人员“进行数次尝试，但出乎意料的是，并未花费太多力气 ” 。	He said that the researchers "tried many times, but to their surprise, it didn't take much effort".
他表示，前述研究突破可重复验证，科学家们希望能利用此技术挽救濒临绝种的大型猫科动物。	He said that the above-mentioned research breakthrough could be verified repeatedly, and the scientists hoped to use this technology to save the endangered big cats.
国际自然保育联盟指出，狮子已在非洲26国绝种，幸存的野生狮子总数在过去20年内锐减43 % ， 约仅剩2万头。	The International Union for Conservation of Nature indicated that the lion had already become extinct in 26 African countries, and the total number of survival wild lions had declined sharply by 43% in the past 20 years with only about 20,000 wild lions left.
非洲狮被这个组织列为易危动物。	The African lion was listed as vulnerable by this organization.
甘斯温特说 ： “ 我们若不为这种动物做点事情，它们就会面临绝种 。 ”	Ganswindt said: "This animal will be in danger of extinction if we do nothing for them. "
他表示，这种新技术无须让狮子接受饲养，而是只要将精子注入可受孕的母狮体内，就像北美和欧洲对圈养大象所采取的作法一样。	He said that with this kind of new technology, it's not necessary for the lions to be fed. The sperms could be injected into the bodies of female lions, just like the approach adopting on the elephants in captivity in North America and Europe.
韩国9月出口降幅为逾两年来最大，但分析师把下滑归咎于工作天数较少，并称尽管中美贸易紧张情势升高，全球对韩国商品的需求仍强劲。	The exports of South Korea fell the most in more than two years in September, but analysts put the blame of the decline on fewer working days and said that although the trade tension between China and the United States rose, the global demand for South Korean goods remained strong.
的确，韩国上个月日均出口增加。	Indeed, the average daily exports of South Korea increased last month.
此外，稍早公布的初值数据显示，在长假期前的9月头几周的出口有两位数增长。	Moreover, the initial value data released earlier showed that the exports in first weeks of September during the long vacation had a double-digit increase.
韩国9月出口同比降幅为2016年7月以来最大，降幅大于路透调查11位分析师所得预估的下滑5.7 % 。	The year-on-year drop of South Korean exports in September was the largest since July 2016, which was more than the decrease of 5.7% estimated by 11 analysts of Reuters surveys.
周一公布的初值显示，9月出口额为506亿美元，低于8月的512亿美元。	The initial value released on Monday showed that the amount of exports in September was $50.6 billion, lower than $51.2 billion in August.
尽管忧心不断加剧的美中贸易争端可能导致其他依赖出口的中国邻国也遭殃，但韩国9月对中国出口增长7.8 % ， 连续第23个月扩张。	Although the China-US trade disputes with intensifying concerns might cause other neighboring countries of China which depended on exports to suffer, Korean exports to China in September increased by 7.8%, expanding for the 23rd consecutive month.
韩国对美出口则下滑11.8 % ， 因石油产品销售下滑。	Since the sales of oil products declined, Korean exports to America decreased by 11.8%.
韩国记忆体芯片及石油产品海外销售分别增长28.3%和13.5 % ， 尽管市场忧心所谓芯片“超级周期”可能已经见顶。	Although the market worried that the so-called "supercycle" of chips might reach the peak, the overseas sales of Korean memory chips and oil products increased by 28.3% and 13.5% respectively.
“不过，贸易冲突影响将难以避免，因为韩国的出口相当大程度地依赖美国和中国市场 。 ”	"However, the influence of trade conflicts cannot be avoided, because Korean exports considerably depend on American and Chinese markets. "
进口下滑2.1%至408亿美元，也不如路透调查预估的增长3.1 % 。	The imports decreased by 2.1% to $40.8 billion, inferior to the increase of 3.1% estimated by the Reuters survey.
9月贸易盈余初值为97亿美元，高于8月的69亿美元。	The initial value of trade surplus in September was $9.7 billion, higher than $6.9 billion in August.
产业部称，拜美国与欧盟国家之赐，全球制造业将保持畅旺，这对于韩国出口是一个有利因素。	The Department of Industry said that thanks to America and the EU countries, the global manufacturing would maintain buoyant, which was a favorable factor for Korean exports.
声明指出 ， “ 油价上涨造成的出口价格提高，也将对今年下半年出口有利 。 ”	The statement pointed out, "the increasing export price caused by the rise of the oil price will be beneficial to the exports in the second half of this year. "
“不过美国与中国间的贸易冲突延续，再加上美国升息之后市场波动加剧，都是出口面临的负面压力 。 ”	"However, the trade conflict between the United States and China continues and the market fluctuation after rising U.S. interest rates intensifies, which are both negative pressure on exports. "
9月平均每个工作日的出口增至26亿美元，8月时为21亿美元。	The average exports of each working day in September increased to $2.6 billion, while the amount in August was $2.1 billion.
韩国今年中秋节落在9月24-26日，因此9月只有19.5个工作天，较去年同期少了四天。	The Mid-Autumn Festival in South Korea this year was from September 24-26 so that there were only 19.5 working days in September, four days less than the same period last year.
韩国1-9月出口较去年同期成长4.7 % 。	The Korean exports from January to September increased by 4.7% compared with that of the same period last year.
根据日经/Markit采购经理人指数，韩国制造业活动在9月回升，但是受到国内订单支撑，因为来自中国和日本的订单下滑，这恐将另出口前景笼罩阴霾。	According to the Nikkei/Markit Purchasing Managers Index, activities of Korean manufacturing rose again in September which was supported by domestic orders, since Chinese and Japanese orders declined, which would probably cast a shadow over export prospects.
朝鲜媒体批评美国不放松对朝制裁	North Korean media criticized the United States for not easing the sanctions on North Korea.
朝鲜《劳动新闻》９月３０日刊发署名评论文章，批评美国在寻求与朝对话的同时却不放松对朝制裁，称这是“自相矛盾”的做法。	North Korea's "Rodong Shinmun" published a signatured review article on September 30 to criticize the United States for not easing the sanctions on North Korea while seeking to have a dialogue with North Korea. The article said that it was a "self-contradictory" action.
文章说，美国国务卿蓬佩奥１４日称“为实现朝鲜半岛无核化，关键是履行对朝制裁 ” ， 强调美国继续履行联合国制裁决议的立场不变。	The article said that Pompeo, the United States Secretary of State, indicated on September 14 that "the key to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was to impose the sanctions on North Korea" to emphasize that the United States would keep its position on implementing the UN resolution to impose sanctions.
在新加坡朝美联合声明中，双方承诺要建立与朝美两国人民期待和平繁荣的愿望相适应的新的朝美关系。	In the North Korea-US Joint Statement of Singapore, the two sides promised to build a new North Korea-US relation, which complied with the two peoples' wishes of looking forward to peace and prosperity.
美国一面加大制裁打压力度，一面要求对话，这样的做法无疑是自相矛盾的。	On one side, the United States increased the intensity of sanctions, but on the other side, it asked for the dialogue. Undoubtedly, its actions were self-contradictory.
文章说，如果要建立新的朝美关系、在朝鲜半岛构筑永久巩固的和平体制、实现朝鲜半岛完全无核化，就应将构筑信任摆在首位，从可以做的事情开始，逐一分阶段解决。	According to the article, if it wanted to build a new North Korea-US relation, establish a permanently consolidated system of peace in the Korean Peninsula, and achieve the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, it would put building trust in the first place, start from what can be done, and solve the problems by stages.
文章还说，美国应明白，制裁打压对朝鲜行不通。	The article also said that the United States should understand that it wouldn't work to impose sanctions on North Korea.
文章说，即便是“喀山”号之前的“北德文斯克”号也让美军赞叹。	The article said that even the "Severodvinsk" preceded the "Kazan" was admired by the U.S. military.
《国家利益》杂志援引美海军观点称 ： “ 我们将遇到强大潜在对手。只看看‘北德文斯克’号潜艇就够了 。 ”	The National Interest quotes the view of US Navy as saying, "we will encounter a strong potential opponent. It is enough to see the "Severodvinsk" submarine only. "
美军现任驻欧海军总司令福戈也对“北德文斯克”号潜艇赞誉有加。	Foggo, the current commander in chief of the U.S. navy in Europe, also highly praised the "Severodvinsk" submarine.
他说 ： “ 这艘潜艇令人印象深刻。看看俄罗斯海军的发展、如何使用资源就会知道，其在研究和发展方面所做的主要努力首先是强化潜艇舰队 。 ”	He said, "this submarine is impressive. Look at the development of Russian navy and how they utilize resources and it will be known that their main efforts on the fields of research and development are firstly to strenghten the submarine fleet. "
但《国家利益》杂志仍认为美国在这一领域保持着对俄罗斯的优势。	However, the National Interest still considers the United States maintains the advantage against Russia in this field.
福戈说 ： “ 我相信，西方国家仍有不对称优势 。 ”	Foggo said, "I believe that western countries still have asymmetrical advantages. "
此前有消息称俄海军将于2019年列装“喀山”号潜艇。	Previously, it was informed that the Russian navy would equip the "Kazan" submarine in 2019.
“喀山”号 、 “ 新西伯利亚”号 、 “ 克拉斯诺亚尔斯克”号 、 “ 阿尔汉格尔斯克”号多用途潜艇均为“白蜡树-M”改进型，排水量为13800吨，下潜深度520米，人员编制64人，水下航速31节，将携带水雷、鱼雷和“口径”及“缟玛瑙”巡航导弹。	The multipurpose submarines of "Kazan", "Novosibirsk", "Krasnoyarsk" and "Arkhangelsk" are all of "Fraxinus-M" improved type, with displacement of 13,800 tons, depth of 520 m, staffing of 64, submerged speed of 31 knots. All the submarines will carry mines, torpedoes and "Kalibr" and "Onyx" cruise missiles.
新京报讯 （记者倪伟）广电总局9月29日印发《关于开展广播电视广告专项整治工作的通知 》 ， 自即日起至今年年底开展广播电视广告专项整治工作。	Beijing News (reported by Ni Wei) -- According to the "Notice on Implementing the Specific Rectification Works of Radio and Television Advertising" issued by the SARFT on September 29, the specific rectification works of radio and television advertising would be implemented from now until the end of this year.
整治内容包括内容低俗、格调和品位低下问题的广告，未经备案管理擅自播出问题的医疗养生节目等。	The rectification works would involve the advertisements with the problems of vulgar contents, low grade and low moral quality, as well as the medical and health programs with the problem of broadcasting without record management and authorization.
根据通知，此次专项整治工作重点围绕九个方面进行查找和整顿。	According to the notice, these specific rectification works would focus on the location and regulation in the following 9 aspects.
具体包括：存在导向问题的广告；存在内容低俗、格调和品位低下问题的广告；存在超时超量、不按规定播放问题的广告；存在夸大夸张虚假宣传、误导受众，或者以节目形态变相发布等问题的医疗、药品、医疗器械、保健食品、化妆品、美容等广告，存在未经备案管理擅自播出问题的医疗养生节目；存在夸大夸张虚假宣传、误导受众、引诱受众上当受骗问题的招商加盟、投资理财、收藏品等有投资回报预期的广告；存在诱使未成年人产生不良行为或者形成不良价值观，损害未成年人身心健康等问题的广告；存在公益广告播出时长、频次达不到规定要求问题的；存在广告播出管理制度不健全、审查把关不严和责任落实不到位问题的；存在其他违法违规问题的广告。	To be more specific, the works would involve the advertisements with the problems of guidance; the advertisements with the problems of vulgar contents, low grade and low moral quality; the advertisements with the problems of excessive broadcasting not complying with the provisions and exceeding the limit of time; the advertisements of medical care, medicine, medical device, health food, cosmetics and beauty with the problems of exaggerated and false propaganda, misleading the audience or presentation in a disguised form of programs, as well as the medical and health programs with the problems of broadcasting without record management and authorization; the advertisements of join investment, investment and finance, collection and others having the expected return on investment with the problems of exaggerated and false propaganda, misleading the audience and luring the audience into deception; the advertisements with the problems of inducing the minors to misbehave or establish the bad values, and impairing the physical and mental health of minors; the public service advertisements with the problems of failing to meet the requirements of broadcasting time limit and frequency; the advertisements with the problems of imperfect broadcasting management system, lax censoring, and unfulfilled responsibility; and the advertisements with other problems of violating laws and regulations.
此次整治工作将在全国做到全覆盖，把整治和规范的要求全面落实到各级广电媒体、各频道频率、各节目栏目和时段 ， “ 不留盲区，不留死角，不搞例外 ” 。	These rectification works would be carried out across the whole country, and the requirements of rectification and regulation would be implemented in an all-round way into the radio and television media at all levels, into the channels and frequencies, and into the programs and time periods. "There would be no dead zone, dead space and exception".
通知要求，各级广电行政部门对监督检查中发现的各类违法违规广告，要严格依据总局《广播电视播出机构违规处理办法》进行处理。	The notice required that the radio and television administrative departments at all levels should deal with the illegal advertisements discovered in the supervision and inspection strictly according to the SARFT's "Measures for Dealing with Violations of Radio and Television Broadcasting Agencies".
对违规情节严重的，要给予诫勉谈话、通报批评、暂停广告播出直至暂停频率频道播出等严肃处理，并视情况向社会公开曝光。	For the cases of gross violation, the violator would be seriously punished in the forms of conducting the conversation of persuasion and admonition, circulating a notice of criticism, suspending the advertisements broadcasting and even suspending the frequency and channel broadcasting, and the violation would be exposed to the public as appropriate.
近年来，广电总局多次叫停违规广告。	In recent years, the SARFT had canceled the illegal advertisements for many times.
今年，国家广播电视总局发布通知，公开叫停“0泡果奶 ” “ 莎娃鸡尾酒 ” “ 邦瑞特植物防脱育发露”等存在导向偏差和夸大夸张宣传、误导受众等严重违规行为的广告。	This year, the SARFT made the announcements of canceling the advertisements of "O Fruit Milk", "Sawow Cocktail" and "Bangruite Plants Yukon Hair Dew" as well as other advertisements with the problems of guidance deviation, exaggerated propaganda, misleading the audience, and other serious violations.
广电总局已经制定多份法规和通知，对广播电视播出广告行为进行规范。	The SARFT had formulated many laws and regulations and notices to establish the standards for the radio and television advertisement broadcasting.
《关于进一步加强卫视频道播出电视购物短片广告管理工作的通知》规定，各卫视频道每天18点至24点时段内，不得播出电视购物短片广告。	According to the requirements of the "Notice on Further Strengthening the Management of TV Shopping Video Advertisements in the Satellite Television Channels", the Satellite Television Channels should not broadcast the TV shopping video advertisements during the time period from 18:00 to 24:00 every day.
其他时段播出电视购物短片广告时，不得使用主持人作宣传，不得使用“叫卖式”夸张配音、语调、动作等作宣传，不得使用“矫形 ” 、 “塑形 ” 、 “透脂 ” 、 “甩脂”等宣传或变相宣传丰胸、减肥产品，每天每小时播出电视购物短片广告不得超过1条（次 ） ， 每条不得超过3分钟。	When the TV shopping video advertisements were broadcasted during other time periods, it would be not allowed to use the presenters for the propaganda, to use the exaggerated "hawking" dubbing, tone and movement for the propaganda, to use the words of "orthopedic", "shaping", "penetrating fat", "losing fat" to promote or advertise the breast enhancing products and the weight losing products in disguised form. The TV shopping video advertisement would not be broadcasted more than one time per hour per day, and each advertisement would not last for more than 3 minutes.
《关于进一步加强广播电视广告播出管理的通知》规定，电视台在影视剧中间插播广告时，必须严格遵守总局61号令规定：非黄金时间每集（以45分钟计）中可以插播2次商业广告，每次时长不得超过1分30秒；黄金时间（19:00至21:00）每集中可以插播1次商业广告，时长不得超过1分钟；插播广告时，应当对广告时长进行提示。	According to the requirements of the "Notice on Further Strengthening the Management of Radio and Television Advertisements Broadcasting", the television stations must strictly follow the rules of the SARFT's No. 61 Order when inserting advertisements between TV Series: the commercial advertisement could be inserted twice in each episode (45 minutes) during the fringe hours, and each of them could not last for more than 1 minute and 30 seconds; the commercial advertisement could be inserted once in each episode (45 minutes) during the golden hours (from 19:00 to 21:00), and it could not last for more than 1 minute; when inserting the advertisements, television stations should indicate the length of advertisement.
该通知还规定，广播电视播出机构要严格审验医疗、药品、医疗器械、保健食品等健康资讯广告的资质、证明等法定材料，坚决禁止播出涉性广告。	The notice also stipulated that the radio and television broadcasting agencies should strictly inspect the qualification, certification, and other legal materials of the health information advertisements of medical treatment, medicine, medical device, and health food, and resolutely ban the sexually suggestive advertisements.
要规范健康资讯广告形式，不得以健康资讯专题节目形式变相发布广告。	They should regulate the form of health information advertisements. It was not allowed to publish the advertisement in disguised form of health information feature programs.
健康资讯专题节目应当侧重介绍疾病预防、控制和治疗等科学知识，不得含有宣传医疗、药品、医疗器械、保健食品等广告内容，不得以患者和医生、药师、专家等名义作证明。	The health information feature programs should focus on the introduction of disease prevention, control and treatment as well as other scientific knowledge, but should not contain the advertisement contents of promoting the medical treatment, medicine, medical device, and health food. And these programs should not give evidence in the names of patients, doctors, pharmacists, and experts.
曼图罗夫说 ： “ 我们首次对MAKS国际航空航天沙龙的举办形式进行了调整。我们建议中国担任主宾国。中国同行表示同意，并接受了我们的邀请 。 ”	Manturov said, "we have adjusted the form of MAKS International Aerospace Salon for the first time. We recommend China to act as the guest of honor. Our counterparts in China agree and accept our invitation. "
不久前，中国国家主席习近平应俄罗斯总统普京邀请出席第四届东方经济论坛。	Not long ago, the China’s President Xi Jinping attended the Fourth Oriental Economic Forum at the invitation of the Russian President Putin.
这是他首次出席该论坛。	This was his first time to attend the forum.
无视美国威胁！	Ignore the Threat of America!
欧盟或将与伊朗达成原油采购协议	EU may Reach Crude Oil Purchase Agreement with Iran
美国政府日前宣称，11月将重启对伊朗的新一轮制裁，甚至敦促其他国家减少对伊朗石油的进口。	The US government announced that it will restart a new round of sanctions against Iran in November and even urge other countries to reduce imports of Iran oil.
不过，美国的盟友们似乎没有听进去。	However, the American allies did not seem to take the advice.
据美国《纽约时报》报道，29日，伊朗外交部长扎里夫受访时透露，尽管美国威胁将制裁任何与伊朗做生意的国家，德黑兰正与欧盟接近达成一项关于原油出售的协议。	According to the US "New York Times", on 29th, during the interview, Zarif, Foreign Minister of Iran, revealed that although the United States threatened to sanction any country that does business with Iran, Tehran is approaching to reach an agreement on the sale of crude oil with EU.
这份协议核心目的是试图建立一个新的支付机制，即以易货或本币的计价方式，来取代美元交易。	The core purpose of this agreement is to try to establish a new payment mechanism, which is to replace the dollar transaction in the form of barter or domestic currency.
该方法的目的是希望绕过美国，并防止美国阻碍财务转移。	The purpose of this approach is to bypass the United States and prevent the United States from impeding financial transfers.
与此同时，虽然欧盟正致力于该协议的促成，但一些法国和英国的官员也有所担忧，如果协议得以实现，这将是反对美国退出伊核协议的欧盟与美国之间最为公开的对抗。	Meanwhile, although the EU is working on facilitating the agreement, some French and British officials are also worried that if the agreement is concluded, it will be the most overt confrontation between the EU and the United States against the US withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal.
美媒称，在一个小时里专访中，扎里夫的言语听起来比最近几个月都要更乐观。	The US media said that in the one hour interview , Zarif’s words sounded more optimistic than in recent months.
因为该协议有能力“剥离”美国的传统盟友，有效打破美方试图削减伊朗收入的行为。	Because the agreement can "strip" the traditional American allies and effectively break the US’s attempts to cut Iran’s income.
“这样能确保我们出售石油并获益 ” ， 扎里夫认为，根据2015年达成的协议，各国拥有与伊朗进行贸易往来的合法权利。	"This can guarantee that we can sell oil and obtain benefits", Zarif believed. According to the agreement reached in 2015, each country has the legal rights to make trade contacts with Iran.
欧盟外交政策负责人费代丽卡・莫盖里尼日前也表示 ， “ 任何主权国家或组织都不能接受其他人来决定，自己可以和谁进行贸易往来 。 ”	The head of Union for Foreign Affairs Policy, Federica Mogherini, also said recently that "no sovereign state or organization can accept other people to decide who they can trade with. "
不过，她也预言，在美国政府于11月展开下一步制裁前，美国领导人有可能采取一系列金融手段，旨在针对与德黑兰有商业往来的银行、商人和国家。	However, she also predicted that before the US government carried out the next step of sanctions in November, US leaders could adopt a series of financial instruments aimed at banks, businessmen and countries that have commercial intercourses with Tehran.
今年5月，美国政府以协议有缺陷为由，单方面宣布退出伊核协议，并称该协议无法永久禁止伊朗生产核燃料。	In May of this year, the US government unilaterally announced its withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal on the grounds that the agreement had deficiencies, saying that the agreement could not permanently prohibit Iran from producing nuclear fuel.
美方随后威胁要禁止那些购买伊朗石油及其他商品的公司在美国开展业务。	The US then threatened to ban companies that buy Iran oil and other commodities from doing business in the United States.
这一威胁致使部分公司撤离德黑兰，伊朗货币暴跌。	This threat forced some companies to leave Tehran and made the Iranian currency dropped sharply.
空中客车公司和法国石油巨头道达尔等企业已经取消了数十亿美元的对伊投资。	Companies such as Airbus S.A.S. and French oil giant Total have cancelled billions of dollars in investment in Iran.
英国和法国官员曾表示，美国政府可能会“占上风 ” 。	British and French officials said, the US government may "take the lead".
果不其然，根据近日土耳其媒体的一篇报道，美方的制裁似乎并未对伊朗的石油出口造成很大影响。	Unsurprisingly, according to a recent report by the Turkish media, the US sanctions did not seem to have a major impact on Iran’s oil exports.
伊朗石油部长赞加内日前透露，除韩国以外没有其他国家停止购买伊朗石油。	Recently, Iran Oil Minister Zanganeh disclosed that no country other than South Korea has stopped buying Iran oil.
扎里夫和伊朗总统鲁哈尼皆认为，美方一系列行为的目的是为了“诱惑”伊朗违反协议。	Both Zarif and Iran President Rouhani believed that the purpose of a series of US actions is to "seduce" Iran’s breach of the agreement.
扎里夫也对美方的一连串口头攻击感到不屑一顾，当被问及美国是否会以不断增加的财政压力推翻当前的伊朗政府时，扎里夫甚至笑了起来 ， “ 它是一个政权更迭的策略，这才是美方的真实目的 。 ”	Zarif also regarded the US serial blast as not worthy of consideration. When asked if the US would overthrow the current Iranian government with increasing financial pressure, Zarif even laughed. "It is a regime change strategy, and this is the true purpose of the US. "
“重游炮台忆芳华 ” ： 厦门胡里山炮台文化旅游市集启幕	"Revisit Fort, Recall Youth" ： Cultural Tourism Market Opening of Xiamen Ancient Fort at Huli Hill
当年福建前线广播站第一个播报闽南语普通话的播音员陈斐斐老人来到炮台回忆讲述炮台历史。	Chen Feifei came to the fort to recall the history. She is the first broadcaster of the Southern Fujian Dialect at the Fujian Frontline Broadcasting Station at that time.
著名旅游风景区、与金门一水之隔的厦门胡里山炮台景区，当年曾经是中国人民解放军设立“前线广播站”的故地。	The famous tourist scenic spot, Ancient Fort at Huli Hill in Xiamen, is separated from the Quemoy only by a strip of water, and it was once the home of the "Frontline Broadcasting Station" established by the Chinese People’s Liberation Army.
适逢“前线广播站”设立开播60周年，30日，景区举办“重游炮台忆芳华”活动，邀请数位当年前线广播站的历史见证人，畅谈炮台的历史变迁，见证两岸关系的发展变化。	On the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the "Frontline Broadcasting Station", on the 30th, the scenic spot held the "Revisit Fort, Recall Youth" event, and invited several historical witnesses of the "Frontline Broadcasting Station" to talk about the historical changes of the fort and witness the development of cross-strait relations.
当年前线广播站历史见证人讲述炮台历史。	The historical witnesses of the "Frontline Broadcasting Station" of the year talk about the history of the fort.
这是胡里山景区倾力打造的第二届“厦门胡里山炮台文化旅游市集”系列活动之一。	This is one of the series of activities of the second "Cultural Tourism Market of Xiamen Ancient Fort at Huli Hill" held by Huli Hill scenic area.
此前，这里成功举办首届活动，打造出集文化旅游IP、创意市集及传统民俗文化体验为一体的专属文化旅游品牌活动。	Previously, the first event was successfully held here to create an exclusive cultural tourism brand event integrating cultural tourism IP, creative market and traditional folk culture experience.
当天，由厦门市旅发委指导，厦门胡里山炮台景区主办的“古炮台・新时代”第二届文化旅游市集正式拉开帷幕，在为期6日的活动中，这里将以中秋、国庆“欢乐团圆”为主基调，让前来观光游览的民众，在“吃 ” “ 游 ” “ 购 ” “ 娱”中多维体验浓郁的闽南风情。	On the same day, guided by the Xiamen Commission of Tourism Development, the second cultural tourism market of "Ancient Fort, New Era" hosted by the Huli Hill scenic area in Xiamen officially kicked off. During the 6-day event, the Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day’s "Happy and Reuion" will be the keynote here. For the people who come to have sightseeings here, they can enjoy the rich southern Fujian style in "eating", "traveling", "shopping" and "entertainment".
“听见大海的声音”音乐会，已成为炮台文化旅游市集的一大看点。	The "Listen to the Sound of the Sea" concert has become a major attraction of the Fort Cultural Tourism Market.
胡里山炮台管理处主任王勇介绍说，为纪念解放军胡里山炮台前线广播站开播60周年活动而举办的“重游炮台忆芳华”活动，邀请了数位当年炮台老广播员讲述炮台历史，让人们一同忆往昔峥嵘岁月。	Wang Yong, director of the Xiamen Huli Hill Ancient Fort Management Office, said that in order to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the luanch of the Huli Hill Ancient Fort "Frontline Broadcasting Station" of the People’s Liberation Army, the "Revisit Fort, Recall Youth" event invited several old broadcasters of the Fort to tell the history to let people recall the past memorable years.
除此之外，本届旅游市集系列活动还包括改革开放40周年合唱音乐会活动、老照片评选活动、2018海峡两岸“兔小妃”大型单体艺术装置公益展活动等内容。	In addition, this series of tourism market events also includes the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening up chorus concert activity, the old photo selection activity, the 2018 cross-strait public benefit exhibitions of the "Tuxiaofei" large individual artistic installation activity.
其中 ， “ 听见大海的声音”音乐会作为炮台文化旅游市集的一大看点，是景区倾情打造的专属文化品牌活动，邀请了厦门市青少年宫凤凰花女子合唱团倾力助阵，在依山伴海的古炮台唱响改革开放40周年合唱音乐会，展现“古炮台”与“新时代”的碰撞交融。	Among them, the "Listen to the Sound of the Sea" concert is a major attraction of the Fort Cultural Tourism Market. It is an exclusive cultural brand activity created by the scenic area. It invites the Xiamen Youth and Children’s Palace Phoenix Flower Women’s Chorus to help out. The 40th Anniversary of the Reform and Opening-up Concert was held at the ancient fort near the mountain and by the river, showing the collision between the "Ancient Fort" and the "New Era".
两岸“兔小妃”大型单体艺术装置公益展活动，于国庆期间在炮台景区内开展，着力制造一场“眼球效应 ” ， 吸引大批游客、市民到场参观、合影，转发朋友圈，拍摄抖音，让厦门这座城市再添一个“网红”因素。	The cross-strait public benefit exhibitions of the "Tuxiaofei" large individual artistic installation activities was held during the National Day in the Fort scenic area, it was focus on creating an "eyeball effect" to attract a large number of tourists, citizens to visit, take photos, forward photos in the Circle of Friends, shoot videos with Tik Tok to let the city of Xiamen add another "online celebrity" factor.
而“厦门・40年・你我他 ” ― ―老照片评选活动，则在景区内设置获奖作品展览，通过一张有温度的照片，深度挖掘那些幸福与感动的瞬间。	And "Xiamen, 40 years, You and Me" - the old photo selection activity set up an exhibition of award-winning works in the scenic area. Through a touching picture, we can deeply feel of those happy and moving moments.
中新社福州9月30日电 (记者 龙敏)福建省第十三届人大常委会第六次会议30日表决通过《福建省生态文明建设促进条例 》 。	China News Service, Fuzhou, September 30 (reporter Long Min) - On the 30th, the sixth meeting of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People’s Congress of Fujian Province approved the "Regulations on the Promotion of Ecological Civilization Construction in Fujian Province" by voting.
“绿水青山就是金山银山”被首次写入福建省立法，贯穿整个条例始终，成为可操作、可执行的规定。	"Lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets" was first written into the legislation of Fujian Province, and it has become an operable and enforceable regulation throughout the entire regulation.
福建是中国首个国家生态文明试验区。	Fujian is China’s first national ecological civilization pilot zone.
福建省人民政府法制办负责人称，形成一部从整体和全局的生态文明建设基本法规，以解决单靠分散的法规规章、政策文件调控生态文明建设的问题，也为制定出台有关规章、规范性文件、措施提供法律依据，是十分必要和迫切的。	The person in charge of the Legislative Affairs Office of the Fujian Provincial People’s Government said that it has formed a basic regulation for the construction of ecological civilization from the whole and the overall situation, to solve the problem of regulating the construction of ecological civilization by relying on scattered laws, regulations and policies, and it is also very necessary and urgent to provide legal basis for formulating relevant regulations, normative documents and measurements.
该条例充分体现了福建特色，将生态文明建设实践中成熟经验做法转化为法规形式予以推广施行：如福建水土保持治理工作形成的可复制、可推广的“长汀经验 ” ， 条例对福建省水土保持治理经验进行总结提升，规定县级以上地方人民政府应当加强对水土保持工作的统一领导，依据水土流失调查结果划定水土流失重点预防区和治理区等；又如发端于福建省的河长制，条例将河长制、湖长制上升到立法层面，规定地方各级人民政府应当全面推行河长制和湖长制，落实河湖管护主体、责任和经费等。	The regulations fully reflect the characteristics of Fujian, and transform the mature experience in the practice of ecological civilization construction into a form of regulation to promote its implementation: for example, the replicated and promoted "Changting Experience" formed by Fujian’s soil and water conservation management work, the regulations summarize and improve the experience of water and soil conservation in Fujian Province, and stipulate that local people’s governments at or above the county level should strengthen the unified leadership of soil and water conservation work, and designate key prevention and controlled areas for water and soil loss based on soil erosion survey results. Another example is the "River Chief System" that originated in Fujian Province, the regulations have raised the "River Chief System" and "Lake Chief System" to the legislative level, stipulating that local people’s governments at all levels should fully implement the chief systems of rivers and lakes, and implement the main body, responsibility and fundings of the rivers and lakes.
该条例规定，实行生态环境损害责任终身追究制。	The regulations stipulate that the system of lifelong accountability for ecological environmental damage shall be implemented.
违背科学发展要求、造成生态环境资源严重破坏的，对负有领导责任的主要领导干部和有关负责人终身追责。	For those who violate the requirements of scientific development and cause serious damage to ecological and environmental resources, the lifelong accountability system will be implemented for principal leaders with leadership responsibilities and relevant persons in charge.
据介绍 ， 《 福建省生态文明建设促进条例》将于今年11月1日开始施行。	According to reports, the "Regulations on the Promotion of Ecological Civilization Construction in Fujian Province" will be implemented on November 1 this year.
中巴同意及时完成经济走廊在建项目，加快瓜达尔港建设	China and Pakistan agreed to complete the project under construction of economic corridor in time and speed up the construction of Gwadar Port.
中国外交部周日称，中国和巴基斯坦同意进一步巩固和拓展两国经济关系。	The Chinese Foreign Ministry said on Sunday that China and Pakistan agreed to further consolidate and expand their economic relationships.
中国和巴基斯坦周日发表联合声明，进一步加强战略合作伙伴关系。	China and Pakistan made a joint statement to further enhance the strategic partnership.
双方重申“致力于中巴经济走廊建设 ” ， “反对针对中巴经济走廊的负面宣传 ” 。	Both sides reiterated "commitments to the construction of China-Pakistan economic corridor" and "objections to the negative propaganda against the China-Pakistan economic corridor".
路透社援引中国外交部称，中巴将“加强贸易和投资领域务实合作，通过在优先领域成立合资企业、转移劳动密集型产业和开展中小企业合作等提升巴基斯坦工业能力 ” 。	Reuters quoted the Chinese Foreign Ministry as saying that China and Pakistan would "strengthen the pragmatic cooperation in trade and investment and enhance Pakistani industrial capacity by establishing joint ventures in priority fields, transferring labor-intensive industries and developing the cooperation of small and medium-sized enterprises".
刊登在外交部网站的新闻稿称，双方同意及时完成中巴经济走廊在建项目，加快瓜达尔港港口和配套项目建设，聚焦经济社会发展、创造就业和改善民生，加快产业及园区和农业领域的合作。	According to the press release posted on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, both sides agreed to complete the project under construction of the China-Pakistan economic corridor in time, speed up the construction of the port and supporting projects of Gwadar Port, focus on the development of economy and society, create employment and improve people's livelihood, and accelerate the cooperation in the fields of industries, parks and agriculture.
“双方并同意尽早完成中巴自贸协定第二阶段谈判，继续推进中巴服务贸易协定谈判 。 ”	"Both sides also agree to complete the second phase of negotiation on the China-Pakistan Free Trade Agreement as soon as possible to continue to push forward the negotiation on the China-Pakistan Service Trade Agreement. "
在周日签署的联合声明中，双方重申致力于中巴经济走廊建设，一致认为中巴经济走廊是合作共赢的计划，将促进地区互联互通，给整个地区带来繁荣和发展。	In the joint statement signed on Sunday, both sides reiterated commitments to the construction of China-Pakistan economic corridor. They agreed that the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor was a win-win plan for cooperation, which would promote regional interconnection and bring prosperity and development to the whole region.
双方一致认为，瓜达尔港是跨区域互联互通的重要节点和中巴经济走廊的支柱。	Both sides agreed that the Gwadar Port was an important node for cross-regional interconnection and the backbone of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor.
双方同意加快瓜达尔港港口和配套项目建设。	Both sides agreed to speed up the construction of the port and supporting projects of Gwadar Port.
中巴还在联合声明中表示，反对针对中巴经济走廊的负面宣传。	China and Pakistan also indicated in the joint statement that they objected to the negative propaganda against the China-Pakistan economic corridor.
双方同意建立中巴外长战略对话，将原有的副外长级战略对话调整为外交磋商。	Both sides agreed to establish a strategic dialog between the foreign ministers of China and Pakistan and adjust the original vice-minister level strategic dialog to the diplomatic consultation.
另外，两国将进一步加强防务合作，保持两国军队高层互访和各部门、各层级间交流。	Moreover, both countries would further strengthen defense cooperation and maintain high-level reciprocal visits between the armies of the two countries and exchanges between departments and levels.
为了进一步鼓励境外投资者在华投资，中国财政部等四部委联合通知称，自2018年1月1日起，对境外投资者从中国境内居民企业分配的利润，用于境内直接投资暂不征收预提所得税政策的适用范围，由外商投资鼓励类项目扩大至所有非禁止外商投资的项目和领域。	In order to further encourage foreign investors to invest in China, the China's Ministry of Finance and other three ministries and commissions jointly notify that from January 1, 2018, for the profits allocated for foreign investors from the enterprises held by Chinese residents, if such profits are within the scope of application for the policy of usage of domestic direct investments without withholding income tax, the foreign investment incentive projects will be expanded to all non-prohibited foreign investment projects and fields.
财政部网站刊登相关通知称，境外投资者暂不征收预提所得税须同时满足几个条件，包括境外投资者以分得利润进行的直接投资，包括境外投资者以分得利润进行的增资、新建、股权收购等权益性投资行为，但不包括新增、转增、收购上市公司股份（符合条件的战略投资除外 ） 。	Relevant notices published on the website of the Ministry of Finance said that the temporary non-imposition of withholding income tax from foreign investors should meet several conditions at the same time, including direct investment of foreign investors with profit-sharing, and equity investments of foreign investors, such as capital increase, greenfield investment and equity acquisition with profit-sharing, but excluding new, turning point increase and acquisition of shares of listed companies (except for eligible strategic investments).
还包括境外投资者分得的利润属于中国境内居民企业向投资者实际分配已经实现的留存收益而形成的股息、红利等权益性投资收益。	It also included the part that the profits allocated to the overseas investors belonged to the earnings from equity investments of dividends and bonus generated by the retained earnings which had been achieved for what was actually allocated to the investors by the enterprises held by Chinese residents.
且境外投资者用于直接投资的利润以现金形式支付的，相关款项从利润分配企业的账户直接转入被投资企业或股权转让方账户，在直接投资前不得在境内外其他账户周转；境外投资者用于直接投资的利润以实物、有价证券等非现金形式支付的，相关资产所有权直接从利润分配企业转入被投资企业或股权转让方，在直接投资前不得由其他企业、个人代为持有或临时持有。	For the profits used by the overseas investors for direct investment and paid in cash, the relevant payment would be directly transferred from the account of the profit allocation enterprise to the account of the invested enterprise or equity transferor. A turnover in otfher domestic and foreign accounts should not be made before direct investment; for the profits used by the overseas investors for direct investment and paid in non-cash form of physical objects and negotiable securities, the ownership of relevant assets would be directly transferred from the profit distribution enterprise to the invested enterprise or equity transferor. It should not be held on behalf or temporarily by other enterprises or individuals before direct investment.
通知并称，境外投资者通过股权转让、回购、清算等方式实际收回享受暂不征收预提所得税政策待遇的直接投资，在实际收取相应款项后7日内，按规定程序向税务部门申报补缴递延的税款。	The notification also said that the overseas investors actually recovered the direct investment which enjoyed the policy treatment of temporary exemption from withholding income tax via equity transfer, repurchase and liquidation. The deferred tax should be reported and paid to the tax department according to stipulated procedures within 7 days after actually collecting relevant payments.
为鼓励境外投资者持续在中国投资经营，中国财政部和商务部等四部委在2017年底联合发布通知，自2017年1月1日起，对境外投资者从中国境内居民企业分配的利润，直接投资于鼓励类投资项目，凡符合规定条件的，实行递延纳税政策，暂不征收预提所得税。	To encourage overseas investors to continue to invest and operate businesses in China, China's Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Commerce and other two ministries and commissions jointly released notices at the end of 2017. Since January 1, 2017, for the profits allocated to overseas investors from the enterprises held by Chinese residents and directly invested to the encouraged investment projects, which met stipulated conditions, a deferred taxation policy was implemented and the withholding income tax would temporarily be exempted.
中国国务院常务会议上周决定，将外商再投资暂不征收预提所得税适用范围从鼓励类外资项目扩大至所有非禁止项目和领域，进一步加强知识产权保护。	Last week, the Standing Committee of the State Council determined that the applicable scope of temporary exemption of withholding income tax for reinvestment of foreign businessmen was extended from encouraged foreign investment projects to all non-prohibited projects and fields, further strengthening the protection of intellectual property.
记者从国家卫生健康委员会了解到，和几十年前相比，我国儿童青少年营养不良发生率下降，超重肥胖发生率却明显增加。	The reporter learned from the National Health Commission that the prevalence of malnutrition in our children and adolescents had reduced but the prevalence of overweight-obesity had significantly increased comparing to decades ago.
专家就此指出，保持健康体重，最重要的理念是“治未病 ” ， 大力推广科学健身、合理膳食。	The expert pointed out that the most important concept to maintain a healthy weight was the "preventive treatment of disease". The scientific fitness and rational diet should be vigorously promoted.
根据国家卫健委近日发布的《中国青少年健康教育核心信息及释义(2018版 ) 》 ，保持健康体重的关键是合理膳食和科学运动。	According to the "Core Information on Health Education of Chinese Adolescents and Interpretation (2018 version)" released by the National Health Commission recently, the key to maintain a healthy weight was the rational diet and scientific movement.
超重、肥胖和盲目减轻体重都不利于健康。	The overweight, obesity and blind weight reduction were harmful to health.
“小胖墩”背后的健康隐患不容忽视。	The health hazard behind the "chubby children" couldn't be ignored.
中国疾病预防控制中心营养与健康所所长丁钢强表示，超重肥胖危害青少年正常生长发育，对其心理、行为、认知和智力产生不良影响，甚至会导致儿童高血压、高血糖、高血脂。	Ding Gangqiang, the head of National Institute for Nutrition and Health of Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said that overweight-obesity could harm the adolescents' normal growth and development, have a negative impact on their mentality, behavior, cognition and intelligence, and even cause hypertension, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in children.
同时，青少年超重肥胖易延续至成年期，将增加青少年成年后患高血压、糖尿病等慢性疾病的风险。	And the adolescents' overweight-obesity might continue into adulthood, which would increase the adolescents' risk of having chronic diseases, such as hypertension and diabetes in their adulthood.
丁钢强说，2010-2012年中国居民营养与健康状况检测显示，我国6-17岁儿童青少年超重率为9.6 % ， 肥胖率为6.4 % ， 二者相加为16 % 。	Ding Gangqiang said that the overweight rate was 9.6% and the obesity rate was 6.4% among Chinese children and adolescents of 6-17 years old according to the Nutrition and Health Status Inspection of Chinese Residents in 2010-2012. The sum of these two rates was 16%.
同时，儿童青少年超重肥胖呈现男生高于女生、城市高于农村的特点，超重肥胖率在近几十年中明显上升。	Meanwhile, the characteristics of overweight-obesity among children and adolescents were that the overweight-obesity rate was higher in boys than in girls, and it was higher in cities than in villages. The overweight-obesity rate had significantly increased in recent decades.
青少年如何应对超重肥胖？	How would the adolescents deal with the overweight-obesity?
国家体育总局科学健身与健康促进研究中心副主任张漓指出，目前青少年肥胖的主要原因在于热量摄入过多、体力活动不足。	Zhang Li, the deputy director of Science Fitness and Health Promotion Research Center of General Administration of Sport of China, indicated that the primary causes of adolescent obesity at present were excessive caloric intake and inadequate physical activity.
对于这种单纯性的肥胖，应注重科学的运动加上合理的饮食控制。	For this kind of simple obesity, we should lay emphasis on scientific movement and reasonable diet control.
张漓指出，保持健康体重，最重要的理念是“治未病 ” ， 其中很重要的一环是对学校、家长和学生进行全方位的科普教育，普及超重与肥胖的危害，提高青少年的防范意识。	Zhang Li pointed out that the most important concept to maintain a healthy weight was the "preventive treatment of disease", and an integral part of it was to conduct the all-round science popularization education of schools, parents and students, popularize the dangers of overweight and obesity, and increase the adolescents' self-protection awareness.
青少年应定期体检，监测身高体重等生长发育指标，及早发现、科学判断是否出现超重和肥胖问题，以便及时采取干预措施。	The adolescents should take the periodic physical examination to monitor the growth and development index, such as height and weight, so that the problems of overweight and obesity could be discovered early and determined scientifically to take intervention measures in time.
对于已经超重肥胖的青少年，丁钢强建议，除主动科学地安排膳食与运动外，青少年处于特殊的生理阶段，应避免使用饥饿或半饥饿疗法来控制和减轻体重，切不可盲目服用减肥药品。	For those adolescents who are already overweight and obese, Ding Gangqiang advised that starvation therapy or semi-starvation therapy should be avoided to control and lose weight in addition to the active and scientific arrangement of diet and movement since the adolescents are in a special physiological stage. They should not take drugs blindly to lose weight.
路透9月28日 - Facebook (FB.O)周五称，黑客窃取数字登陆代码，使他们获得近5,000万个用户账号，涉及面史无前例，是其有史以来最严重的安全漏洞。	Report of Reuters on September 28: Facebook (FB.O) said on Friday that hackers had stolen digital login codes, enabling them to access nearly 50 million user accounts, with unprecedented covers and it had become the most serious security vulnerability in its history.
Facebook月度用户超过22亿，称尚未确定攻击者是否滥用任何账户，或窃取个人信息。	Facebook, which has more than 2.2 billion monthly users, said it had not determined whether the attacker had abused any accounts or stolen personal information.
该公司也没有找到黑客的地点，也不确定黑客是否针对特定受害者。	The company hasn't found the hackers' location, and is not sure whether hackers are targeting specific victims.
其初步分析显示，这是一次大范围攻击。	Its preliminary analysis shows that this is a large-scale attack.
执行长扎克伯格在一次媒体电话会议上称此次事件“真的很严重 ” 。	CEO Zuckerberg said at a media conference call that this incident was "really serious".
该公司的一位发言人称，他的账号以及运营长Sheryl Sandberg的账号也受影响。	A spokesman of the company said his account and COO Sheryl Sandberg's account were also affected.
Facebook股价周五下跌2.6 % ， 拖累华尔街主要股指。	Facebook shares fell 2.6% on Friday, dragging down the major Wall Street indexes.
美国议员周五称，这次攻击可能加大外界对数据隐私立法的呼声。	A U.S. lawmaker said on Friday that this attack could grow calls from the outside world for data privacy legislation.
“这又是一个令人难过的证据，说明国会需要出手采取行动，保护社交媒体用户的隐私和安全 ， ” 民主党参议员Mark Warner在一份声明中称。	"This is another sad evidence that the Congress needs to take action to protect the privacy and security of social media users," Democratic Senator Mark Warner said in a statement.
联邦贸易委员会(FTC)委员Rohit Chopra在推特上称，我希望就路透对此次安全漏洞的报导获得解答。	Rohit Chopra, a member of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), said on Twitter that he would like to get an answer to Reuters' report on the security vulnerability.
中新网长沙9月30日电 (郑寓亮 田灿)9月30日是中国第五个烈士纪念日。	China News Service, Changsha, September 30 (Zheng Yuliang, Tian Can) - September 30 is China’s fifth Martyrs’ Day.
在这样一个特殊的日子里，湘籍抗战老兵家属、民革党员代表、湖南老兵之家代表等社会各界人士来到位于长沙市的“唐人万寿园・抗战主题园 ” ， 参加2018年烈士纪念日湘籍抗战老兵集体安葬仪式，送别10位抗战老兵和4位抗战老兵的伴侣。	On such a special day, all part of society such as the families of the Hunanese the War of Resistance veterans, the representatives of the RCCK, and the representatives of the Hunan Veterans’ Home came to the "Tangrenwanshouyuan and the Anti-Japanese War Theme Park" in Changsha City to participate in the 2018 Martyrs’ Day and the collective burial ceremony of the Hunan anti-war veterans to farewell to 10 anti-war veterans and four anti-war veterans’ partners.
“抗战老兵们是中国抗战的见证者，是爱国主义真实、生动、鲜明的教材 。 ”	"The anti-war veterans are the witnesses of China’s War of Resistance, and they are true, vivid and distinct textbooks of patriotism. "
湖南省政协原副主席刘晓表示，抗战老兵英勇无畏、舍身忘我的爱国主义精神对当代国人是宝贵的精神财富。	Liu Xiao, former Vice Chairman of the Hunan Provincial Political Consultative Conference, said that the patriotism spirit of the anti-war veterans fearless and selflessness is a valuable spiritual wealth for the contemporary Chinese.
长沙市政协副主席、民革长沙市委主委朱建军在致辞中指出，近年来 ， “ 关爱抗战老兵”项目通过生活补助、免费养老、免费安葬等形式，为抗战老兵提供关爱服务，已经成为长沙市民革社会服务工作中的优秀品牌。	Zhu Jianjun, Vice Chairman of the Changsha Political Consultative Conference and chairman of the Changsha Municipal Committee of the RCCK, pointed out in his speech that in recent years, the "Caring for the Anit-war Veterans" project has provided care services for the anit-war veterans through living allowances, free pensions, and free burial. It has become Changsha excellent brand in the work of the RCCK civil society.
他认为，只有将历史铭刻在心中，方能将抗战精神传承下去。	He believes that only by engraving history in the heart can the spirit of the war of resistance be passed down.
上午11时，在庄严而沉重的音乐声中，前来参加活动的人们纷纷肃立。	At 11 o’clock in the morning, in the solemn and heavy music, people who came to participate in the event stood as a mark of respect.
唐人礼仪队的队员们身着礼服，怀抱鲜花，迈着整齐的步伐，以整齐的队列送别10位抗战老兵及4名抗战老兵的伴侣。	The members of the Tangren ceremonial team wore dresses with flowers, and took neat steps to farewell to 10 anti-war veterans and four partners of the anti-war veterans in a neat queue.
参加活动的人们纷纷为抗战老兵们献花祭拜，人群里还有许多孩童，他们与父母一同向抗战英雄献上敬意。	The people attending the event offered flowers to make worship to the anti-war veterans. And there were many children in the crowd, they and their parents paid tribute to the heroes of the war.
“唐人万寿园・抗战主题园”是由民革长沙市委与湖南唐人万寿园有限公司共同创建的全国第一家以抗战为主题的陵园，建成于2014年。	The "Tangrenwanshouyuan and the Anti-Japanese War Theme Park" is the first anti-war theme cemetery in the country built by the RCCK Changsha Municipal Committee and the Tangrenwanshouyuan Limited Company in 2014.
陵园第一期工程占地2000余平方米，由“英雄不朽碑 ” “ 胜利广场 ” “ 抗战英雄陵园”等部分组成。	The first phase of the cemetery project covers an area of more than 2,000 square meters and consists of "Immortal Monument for Heroes", "Victory Square" and "Cemetery of the Anti-war Veterans".
“抗战英雄陵园”免费为湘籍抗战英雄们提供身后的墓园，被赞誉为“抗战老兵最后的军营 ” 。	The "Cemetery of the Anti-war Veterans" provide the after death’s cemetery for Hunanese anti-war heroes for free, and it is praised as the "last military camp of the anti-war veterans".
每年清明和国庆前后，该陵园都会举行大型的公祭和安葬仪式。	Every year before and after the Tomb-Sweeping Day and National Day, the cemetery will hold large-scale public memorial ceremony and burial ceremonies.
自2015年来，这里先后举行了7场抗战老兵的集体安葬仪式，已有102位抗战老兵及伴侣长眠于此。	Since 2015, there have been seven collective burial ceremonies for anti-war veterans and there are 102 anti-war veterans and their partners have rested here.
中新社宜昌10月1日电 (郭晓莹 刘敏)新修订的《三峡-葛洲坝水利枢纽通航调度规程 》 ( 以下简称《调度规程 》 ) 于10月1日起正式开始执行，三峡升船机在试通航两年后，正式与船闸统一调度。	China News Service, Yichang, October 1 (reported by Guo Xiaoying and Liu Min) -- The newly revised "Three Gorges-Gezhouba Hydro Project Navigation Scheduling Regulation" (hereinafter referred to as "Scheduling Regulation") was officially enforced starting from October 1. After two years of navigation test, the Three Gorges ship lift was officially scheduled together with the navigation lock in a unified way.
新规执行首日，三峡-葛洲坝水域通航秩序良好。	On the first day of enforcing the new regulations, the navigation in Three Gorges-Gezhouba waters was in good order.
长江三峡通航管理局于9月30日21时发布首个安检计划，并对160艘船舶进行安检，共有124艘船舶安检合格。	Three Gorges Navigation Authority released the first plan of security check at 21:00 on September 30, and carried out the security check on 160 ships, with 124 ships passing the security check.
10月1日14时，通航部门安排了新规执行后的首个过闸计划。	The navigation authority arranged the first locking plan after the enforcement of new regulations at 14:00 on October, 1.
新规执行后，安检计划每日9时和21时各发布一次，过坝计划每日14时和20时各发布一次，便于船舶灵活安排过坝计划。	After the enforcement of new regulations, the plan of security check would be released once every day at 9:00 and 21:00, and the plan of passing dam would be released once every day at 14:00 and 20:00, so that the ships could flexibly arrange the plan of passing dam.
《调度规程》增加了“分类控制”的船舶过坝调度原则，根据船闸及升船机功能定位分别明确过坝船舶优先顺序，将过闸的短线客船调整为与示范船和诚信船同一优先等级。	The "Classification Control" scheduling principle of ship passing dam was added in the "Scheduling Regulation". The priority of ship passing dam would be determined according to the functional localization of navigation lock and ship lift respectively. The short-term passenger ship passing dam would be adjusted to be in the same priority as the demonstration ship and integrity ship.
这也是升船机试运行两周年后，正式与船闸统一调度。	This is also the official scheduling of ship lift and navigation lock after the two-year navigation test of ship lift.
而川江及三峡库区大长宽示范船、新能源动力船也首次跻身优先等级。	It was also the first time for big length-width demonstration ship and new energy driven ship of Chuanjiang River and Three Gorges Reservoir Region to be ranked in the priority.
同时 ， 《 调度规程》将“通航调度管理水域”由之前180公里近坝水域调整为云阳长江大桥至石首长江大桥541.8公里水域，并划分“核心水域、近坝水域、控制水域、调度水域 ” 。	At the same time, the "navigation scheduling management waters" were adjusted from the 180-kilometer waters close to dam to the 541.8-kilometer waters from Yunyang Yangtze River Bridge to Shishou Yangtze River Bridge in the "Scheduling Regulation". And the "core waters", "water close to dam", "control waters" and "scheduling waters" were divided.
此举有利于船方选择适宜水域待闸，减少坝区待闸船舶的积压。	This action would help the ship choose the proper waters to wait for crossing the lock, avoiding excessive ships waiting for crossing the lock in the dam region.
《调度规程》还根据现行船舶过坝、待闸特点，提出了对违规行为的船舶取消申报、过坝延迟24小时过坝等诚信制约措施。	The "Scheduling Regulation" also put forward the measures of integrity constraint for the rule-breaking ships according to the current characteristics of ship passing dam and waiting for crossing lock, such as canceling the declaration and delaying the time of passing dam for 24 hours.
三峡蓄水后，库区通航条件得到了改善，促进了长江航运的快速发展。	After water storing of the Three Gorges, the navigation condition of the reservoir area was improved, accelerating the rapid development of shipping in Yangtze River.
数据显示，三峡船闸及葛洲坝船闸年货物通过量由2004年的3430万吨分别增长到2017年的1.38亿吨和1.4亿吨。	According to data, the annual cargo throughput of Three Gorges ship lock and Gezhouba ship lock was increased from 34.3 million tons in 2004 to 0.138 billion tons and 0.14 billion tons in 2017 respectively.
三峡升船机试通航两年来通过船舶5767艘次、旅客16.22万人次、货运量达171.28万吨。	During the two-year navigation test of ship lift, 5767 ships and 0.1622 million people have passed, and the volume of goods transported was 1.7128 million tons.
三峡通航管理局副局长陈冬元表示 ， 《 调度规程》对推动诚信过闸管理，维护两坝枢纽通航秩序，疏解坝区船舶待闸压力，提升通航能力有积极作用。	Chen Dongyuan, the deputy director of Three Gorges Navigation Authority, said that the "Scheduling Regulation" played an active role in promoting the management of crossing lock in an honest way, relieving the pressure of ships waiting for crossing the lock in the dam region, and improving the navigation capacity.
中国天气网讯 “十一”小长假已经开始，预计今天白天，京城仍有六七级左右的阵风，目前仍处于大风蓝色预警中。	China Weather Network News -- The "National Day" holiday had began. It was predicted that the wind gust force would reach 6-7 in Beijing during the day today. Beijing is still under the Blue Early Warning currently.
假期期间天公作美，北京晴朗少云，仅5日夜间有秋雨，整体适宜户外活动。	With some cooperation from the weather, Beijing would be sunny and partly cloudy during the holiday. An autumn rain would only visit in the evening of October 5. Generally speaking, the weather would be suitable for people to do some outdoors activities.
但昼夜温差超过10℃，早晚较凉需注意保暖，谨防感冒。	However, the diurnal temperature variation would be more than 10℃. People should keep warm to prevent from getting cold since it would be cooler in the morning and evening.
京城的早晚气温进一步降低，昨晨，南郊观象台最低温已低至7.6℃，跌破了10℃线，白天最高温攀至20.2℃，昼夜温差极大，再加上北风劲吹，虽然吹来好天气，但体感上也并不暖和。	The temperatures in the morning and evening would be further reduced in Beijing. Yesterday morning, the lowest temperature observed in the southern suburb observatory was 7.6℃, dropping below 10℃, while the highest temperature during the day was 20.2℃. The temperature varied widely from day to night, and the north wind was blowing hard. It brought the good weather, but people didn't feel warm at all.
今天早晨，北京天空晴朗无云，体感较凉。	This morning, the sky was bright and clear in Beijing. People might feel cooler.
“十一”小长假已经开始，北京市气象台预计，今天白天晴间多云，北风四级左右，阵风六七级，最高气温25℃；夜间晴，北风二三级，最低气温12℃。	The "National Day" holiday had began. It was predicted by Beijing meteorological observatory that it would be sunny and partly cloudy during the day today. The north wind force would reach 4, the wind gust force would reach 6-7, and the highest temperature would be 25℃; it would be clear in the night, the north wind force would reach 2-3, and the lowest temperature would be 12℃.
目前仍处于大风蓝色预警中，公众在室外需谨防高空坠物；昼夜温差在10℃以上，早晚体感偏凉，外出需适当增添衣物。	Beijing is still under the Blue Early Warning currently. People should beware of falling objects in the outdoors; the diurnal temperature variation would be more than 10℃. People might feel cooler in the morning and evening, and need to add proper clothing.
“十一”期间天公作美，京城天气晴朗少雨，凉爽舒适，整体适宜户外活动，只有5日夜间有秋雨抵京，公众还需关注临近预报。	With some cooperation from the weather, Beijing would be sunny with less rainfall during the "National Day" holiday. People would feel cool and comfortable. Generally speaking, the weather would be suitable for people to do some outdoors activities. An autumn rain would only visit Beijing in the evening of October 5. People need to pay attention to the nowcasting.
雨后气温降，尤其是夜间最低气温只有9℃左右。	The temperature would drop after the rain, and especially in the evening, the lowest temperature would be about 9℃.
北京市气象服务中心昨天发布数据，北京的秋季平均只有51天。	According to the data released by Beijing Weather Service Center yesterday, the autumn only lasts 51 days on average.
2001年以来北京最长的秋季在2003年，为67天；最短的秋季出现在2017年，只有36天。	The longest autumn has been in Beijing in 2003 since 2001, which lasted for 67 days; while the shortest autumn has been in 2017, which lasted for only 36 days.
气象专家提醒，今天北京北风较大，阵风六七级，出行注意防风。	The meteorologists reminded that it would be windy in Beijing today, and the wind gust force would reach 6-7. People should be sure to keep windproof.
风干物燥，应注意勤补水重保湿，外出游玩还需注意用火安全，谨防火灾。	People should lay emphasis on hydrating and moisturizing in the dry weather. When go outing, people should also pay attention to fire safety and beware of fire.
早晚出行体感偏凉，需适当增添衣物。	People would feel cooler going out in the morning and evening, so it's necessary to add proper clothing.
经李克强总理签批，国务院日前印发《关于进一步压减工业产品生产许可证管理目录和简化审批程序的决定 》 。	Signed and approved by Premier Li Keqiang, the State Council printed and distributed the "Decision of the State Council on Further Reducing the Categories in the Catalogue of Industrial Products Subject to Production License Administration and Simplifying the Approval Procedures".
《决定》提出，进一步压减工业产品生产许可证管理目录，取消14类工业产品生产许可证管理，将4类工业产品生产许可证管理权限下放给省级人民政府质量技术监督部门 。	The "Decision" proposed to further reduce the categories in the catalogue of industrial products subject to production license administration, cancel the production license administration for 14 industrial products, and delegate the administration authority for production licenses of 4 types of industrial products to the quality and technical supervision departments of provincial people’s governments.
经过本次改革，实施工业产品生产许可证管理的产品，将由去年的38类压减至目前的24类。	After this reform, the products that implement the industrial product production licenses administration will be reduced from last year’s 38 categories to the current 24 categories.
《决定》明确，对目录内产品实行简化审批程序。	The "Decision" clearly simplifies the approval process for products in the catalogue.
一是将发证机关组织的发证前产品检验改为由企业在申请时提交具有资质的检验检测机构出具的产品检验合格报告。	First, the pre-certification product inspection organized by the issuing authority is changed to the product inspection conformity report issued by the qualified inspection and testing institution when the enterprise applies.
二是除危险化学品外，对省级人民政府质量技术监督部门(市场监督管理部门)实施许可的产品实行后置现场审查，企业提交申请和产品检验合格报告并作出保证产品质量安全的承诺后，经形式审查合格即可领取生产许可证，之后在规定时间内接受现场审查。	Second, in addition to dangerous chemicals, the products that have been licensed by the quality and technical supervision department (market supervision and management department) of the provincial people’s government shall be subject to post-site inspection. After the enterprise submits the application and product inspection conformity report and makes a commitment to ensure product quality and safety, the production license can be obtained after passing the formal examination, and then the on-site examination is accepted within the specified time.
三是企业生产经营目录内不同类别产品的，按照“一企一证”原则，新申请许可证或申请换发许可证时，一并审查颁发一张许可证书。	Third, for enterprises produce different types of products in the production and operation catalogue, in accordance with the principle of "one enterprise, one license", when apply for a new license or apply for a license renewal, a license should be issued and examined.
《决定》要求，各地区、各相关部门要扎实推进压减目录和简化审批程序各项工作。	The "Decision" requires that all regions and relevant departments should solidly promote the reduction of catalogue and simplify the examination and approval procedures.
加大企业承诺公示和后置现场审查工作力度，强化信用监督和约束手段，落实企业质量主体责任，对虚假承诺、不符合要求的，一律撤销生产许可证。	Increase the commitment publicity of enterprises and post-site inspection work, strengthen credit supervision and restraint means, implement the responsibility of the main body of the enterprise, and revoke the production license for false promises and non-compliance.
对取消工业产品生产许可证管理的产品，要切实加强事中事后监管，涉及公众健康和安全、环境保护等产品可转为强制性认证，列出正面清单并向社会公示，统一认证标准、合理减并认证检测项目，强制性认证费用原则上由各级财政按体制负担。	For the products that cancel the production licenses administration for industrial products, it is necessary to strengthen the post supervision, and the products related to public health and safety, environmental protection, etc. can be converted into compulsory certification, list positive lists and publicize to the public, unify the certification standards and reasonably reduce and merge the certification and testing items, and the compulsory certification fees in principle should be borne by the financial institutions at all levels.
采取支持措施，鼓励企业开展自愿认证，推动树立品牌、拓展市场。	Take support measures to encourage enterprises to carry out voluntary certification and promote brand building and market expansion.
要对标国际先进标准，推进工业产品质量提升。	It is necessary to benchmark the international advanced standards and promote the quality of industrial products.
充分发挥第三方社会组织的作用，确保工业产品质量安全。	Give full play to the role of third-party social organizations to ensure the quality and safety of industrial products.
对保留工业产品生产许可证管理的产品，要完善标准体系，发挥行业监管优势，强化“谁审批、谁监管”责任，动态评估产品质量安全风险，适时压减目录、下放审批权限或转为认证管理。	For products that retain industrial product production license administration, it is necessary to improve the standard system, give play to the advantages of industry supervision, strengthen the responsibility of "who approves and who supervise", dynamically assess product quality and safety risks, timely reduce catalogues, delegate approval authority or convert to certification administration.
9月份中国综合PMI环比提升 制造业PMI环比回落。	China’s comprehensive PMI in September having a month-on-month increase, and the manufacturing PMI fell back from the previous month.
中国国家统计局30日发布数据显示，9月份，中国综合PMI产出指数为54.1 % ， 高于上月和年均值0.3和0.1个百分点，表明中国企业生产经营活动总体保持平稳。	According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics on the 30th, China’s comprehensive PMI output index was 54.1% in September, higher than the previous month and the annual average of 0.3 and 0.1 percentage points, indicating that the overall production and operation activities of Chinese enterprises remained stable.
当月，构成综合PMI产出指数的制造业生产指数和非制造业商务活动指数分别为53.0%和54.9 % ， 环比一降一升。	In the same month, the manufacturing production index and the non-manufacturing business activity index, which constitute the comprehensive PMI output index, were 53.0% and 54.9%, respectively, with one decrease and one increase.
其中，中国制造业PMI为50.8 % ， 环比回落0.5个百分点。	Among them, China’s manufacturing PMI was 50.8%, falling back 0.5 percentage points from the previous month.
赵庆河表示，本月制造业PMI主要有五方面特点：	Zhao Qinghe said that this month’s manufacturing PMI has five main characteristics:
一是制造业基本面总体平稳。	First, the fundamentals of the manufacturing industry are generally stable.
在调查的21个行业中，14个行业的PMI位于扩张区间，其中医药、专用设备、电气机械器材等制造业PMI均位于53.5%以上较高运行水平，增速较快。	Among the 21 surveyed industries, the PMIs of 14 industries are in the expansion range. The manufacturing PMI of pharmaceuticals, special equipment and electrical machinery equipment are all at a higher operating level of 53.5%, and the growth rate is faster.
二是供需小幅波动。	Second, supply and demand have slight fluctuation.
生产指数和新订单指数为53.0%和52.0 % ， 分别比上月回落0.3和0.2个百分点，供需持续保持景气状态，但扩张略有放缓。	The production index and the new orders index were 53.0% and 52.0%, respectively, with a decrease of 0.3 and an increase of 0.2 percentage points from the previous month. Supply and demand continued to maintain a good state, but the expansion slowed slightly.
新出口订单指数和进口指数为48.0%和48.5 % ， 分别低于上月1.4和0.6个百分点，景气度均落至年内低点。	The new export orders index and import index were 48.0% and 48.5%, respectively 1.4 and 0.6 percentage points lower than the previous month, and the boom degree fell to the low of the year.
四是企业原材料采购成本加大。	Fourth, the cost of purchasing raw materials for enterprises has increased.
主要原材料购进价格指数为59.8 % ， 比上月上升1.1个百分点，出厂价格指数为54.3 % ， 与上月持平，均为年内高点。	The purchase price index of major raw materials was 59.8%, with an increase of 1.1 percentage from the previous month, and the ex-factory price index was 54.3%, which was the same as last month, both were at high points during the year.
五是大型企业运行稳健，小型企业经营状况继续改善。	Fifth, large-scale enterprises are running steadily, and the business conditions of small enterprises continue to improve.
大型企业PMI为52.1 % ， 与上月持平，今年以来该指数始终位于52.0%及以上的扩张区间，且本月生产指数和新订单指数环比均有所提升，是制造业保持扩张的主要动力；中型企业PMI为48.7 % ， 低于上月1.7个百分点，位于收缩区间；小型企业PMI为50.4 % ， 高于上月0.4个百分点，连续两个月上升。	The PMI of large enterprises was 52.1%, which was the same as that of the previous month. Since this year, the index has been in the expansion range of 52.0% and above, and the production index and the new order index have both increased this month, which is the main driving force for the expansion of the manufacturing industry. The PMI of medium-sized enterprises was 48.7 %, which was 1.7 percentage lower than the previous month and was in the contraction range. The PMI of small enterprises was 50.4%, which was 0.4 percentage higher than that of the previous month and rose for two consecutive months.
当月，中国非制造业商务活动指数为54.9 % ， 比上月上升0.7个百分点，连续两个月回升。	In the same month, China’s non-manufacturing business activity index was 54.9 percent, with an increase of 0.7 percentage from the previous month and increased for two consecutive months.
赵庆河认为，非制造业总体继续保持稳中向好的发展势头。	Zhao Qinghe believes that the non-manufacturing industry will continue to maintain a stable and good development momentum.
道路运输、证券、房地产等行业商务活动指数持续位于临界点以下，业务总量有所减少。	The business activity index of road transport, security, real estate and other industries continued to be lower than the critical point, and the total business volume also decreased.
路透名古屋11月5日 - 日本央行总裁黑田东彦周一表示，该央行意识到长期实施超宽松货币政策可能挤压金融机构利润率，并可能破坏该国银行系统的稳定。	Report of Reuters on November 5 in Nagoya: Haruhiko Kuroda, the president of the Bank of Japan said on Monday that the bank realized that the long-term implementation of ultra-easing monetary policy could squeeze the profit margins of financial institutions and destabilize the banking system of Japan.
但他表示，鉴于通胀低迷及海外经济体充满不确定性，日本央行需要维持其大规模刺激计划，同时密切关注其政策的利弊。	However, he said that due to the low inflation and uncertainty in overseas economies, the Bank of Japan needed to maintain its large-scale incentive plans and pay close attention to the pros and cons of its policies.
“日本央行完全承认，在持续的货币宽松之下，金融机构的实力将受到越来越大的影响 ， ” 黑田东彦在名古屋对企业领袖的演讲中表示。	"The Bank of Japan fully acknowledges that under the sustained monetary easing policy, the strength of financial institutions will be increasingly affected," Haruhiko Kuroda said in a speech to the business leaders in Nagoya.
他称，如果金融机构更积极承接风险，以弥补多年来低利率造成利润率缩窄的影响，一旦出现严重的负面冲击，银行体系有可能出现动荡。	He said that if financial institutions were more active in taking risks to compensate for the effect of low interest rates on shrinking profit margins over the years, the banking system could be unstable in the event of serious negative impacts.
“尽管目前来看这些风险并不大 ，但央行将密切关注形势发展，鼓励金融机构采取必要的措施 ， ” 他称。	"Although these risks are not too big at present, the Bank of Japan will closely monitor the development of the situation and encourage financial institutions to take necessary measures," he said.
周一稍早公布的日本央行会议记录显示，在9月的议息会议上，日本央行政策委员会讨论了长期宽松政策的成本不断上升。	The minutes released by the Bank of Japan earlier on Monday showed that the policy committee of the Bank of Japan discussed the problem of rising costs of the long-term easing policy at the interest rate meeting in September.
会议记录显示，一名委员称，如果经济持续扩张 ， “ 日本央行未来在政策方面有更多弹性的空间 。 ”	The minutes showed that a member of the board said that if the economy continued to expand, "the Bank of Japan will have more flexibility in the aspect of policy in the future. "
会议记录显示，另一名委员称，鉴于政策持续期间有其局限，委员会应讨论日本央行可以将刺激政策维持多久。	The minutes showed that another member of the board said that due to the limits of policy duration, the committee should discuss how long the Bank of Japan can maintain the incentive policy.
黑田东彦称，日本央行将评估宽松政策带来的金融风险，同时还需考虑围绕日本经济前景的不确定性，因中美贸易摩擦和日益抬头的保护主义，可能影响全球需求。	Haruhiko Kuroda said that the Bank of Japan would assess the financial risks brought by the easing policy, and take into account the uncertainties centered on Japan's economic prospects, as China-U.S. trade frictions and rising protectionism might affect the global demand.
“此类问题对日本经济的影响暂时是有限的 ， ” 黑田东彦称。	"The impact of such problems on Japan's economy is temporarily limited," Haruhiko Kuroda said.
“但如何问题持续，对日本经济的影响则可能变大 ， ” 他补充说。	"But if the problem persists, the impact on Japan's economy may increase," he added.
“有必要持续地进行强有力的货币宽松政策，同时以一种平衡的方式考虑积极和消极影响 ， ” 黑田东彦说。	"It is necessary to sustain the strong monetary easing policy and consider both positive and negative impacts in a balanced manner," Haruhiko Kuroda said.
尽管激进刺激计划的弊端增多，譬如长期低利率侵蚀金融机构的获利，但通胀低迷却迫使日本央行维持该计划。	Although the disadvantages of radical incentive plans were increasing, such as long-term low interest rates eroding the profits of financial institutions, the low inflation forced the Bank of Japan to maintain the plan.
日本央行上月维持货币政策；面对全球贸易战争端带来的风险，黑田东彦排除了近期升息的可能性。	The Bank of Japan maintained the monetary policy last month; Haruhiko Kuroda ruled out the possibility of recent interest rate increase about the risks brought by the conflict of the global trade war.
2018年6月1日，美国Cardiff，特斯拉电动车上的企业标识。	On June 1, 2018, in Cardiff, the United States, the corporate identity on Tesla electric cars.
根据一项和解协议，美国特斯拉汽车及其执行长马斯克已同意各自向金融监管机构支付2,000万美元罚金，马斯克还将辞去该公司董事长职位，但仍担任CEO。	According to a settlement agreement, Tesla Motors and its CEO, Musk, had agreed to separately pay $20 million fines to the financial regulators, and Musk would resign as President of the company, but still held the post of CEO.
该和解协议将为特斯拉持续两个月的动荡画上句号。	This settlement agreement would end two months of unrest in Tesla.
美国证券交易委员会周六披露的这项证券欺诈指控和解协议，将令投资者舒一口气。	This settlement agreement on securities fraud charge released by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Saturday would make investors relieved.
投资者原本担心旷日持久的法律之争只会进一步打击这家仍在亏损的电动汽车公司。	Investors were originally worried that the protracted legal battle would only further hit the electric car company, which was still losing money.
SEC周四起诉马斯克欺诈，称其8月7日的推文误导投资者。	SEC prosecuted Musk for frauds on Thursday, saying that his tweet on August 7 misled the investors.
推文称，他正考虑以每股420美元将特斯拉私有化并已获得融资。	The tweet said that he was considering to privatize Tesla with $420 per share and had obtained financing.
SEC称，这些推文实际上并无根据，其引发的市场动荡损害了投资者。	SEC said that these tweets actually had no evidences and the volatility in market triggered by them had hurt investors.
投资者和公司治理专家称，该协议可能会增强因马斯克近来的行为而受重创的特斯拉。	Investors and corporate governance experts said that this agreement could strengthen Tesla, which had been hit hard by Musk's recent actions.
Boston Common资产管理的负责人Steven Heim说，该和解协议应该会令马斯克受到更多监督，同时并未采取将他赶出特斯拉的“毁灭性”措施。	Steven Heim, the leader of assets management company of Boston Common, said that this settlement agreement should let Musk receive more monitoring, but had not taken any "destructive" measures to throw him out of Tesla.
该资产管理公司持有特斯拉的电池制造商Panasonic股票。	This assets management company held shares of Panasonic, the battery manufacturer of Tesla.
根据这项拟议协议，特斯拉必须任命一位独立董事长，两名独立董事以及一个董事委员会来制定针对马斯克对外沟通的管控。	According to this proposed agreement, Tesla must appoint a independent president, two independent directors and a board committee to set out controls aiming at Musk’s external communications.
“此事按照约定的条件迅速得到解决符合我们的市场和我们的投资者，包括特斯拉股东的最大利益 ， ” SEC主席克莱顿在一份声明中说。	"This matter was resolved promptly according to the agreed conditions, which met the best interests of our market and our investors, including Tesla shareholders," SEC Chairman Clayton said in a statement.
周四的指控导致特斯拉市值蒸发约70亿美元，该公司市值在周五时为452亿美元，低于通用汽车的475亿美元。	The charge on Thursday caused the market value of Tesla evaporate about $7 billion. The market value of this company was $45.2 billion, lower than $47.5 billion of General Motors.
SEC在和解协议中收回将马斯克赶下公司掌门人大位的要求。	SEC withdrew the requirement for throwing Musk out of the head position of the company.
很多投资者称，这一处罚将是灾难性的。	Many investors said that this punishment would be catastrophic.
“我认为这对所有相关人员来说是最好的可能结果 ， ” Tigress Financial Partners的Ivan Feinseth说，Feinseth给予特斯拉“中性”评级，并称SEC的处罚对于马斯克而言是“从轻责罚 ” 。	"I think it is the best possible result for all relevant staff," Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners said. Feinseth gave a "neutral" evaluation to Tesla and said that the punishment of SEC was a "lighter punishment" to Musk.
“他仍担任CEO对特斯拉而言很重要 。 ”	"The fact that he still holds the position of CEO is very important to Tesla. "
马斯克和特斯拉均未在和解协议中承认或否认SEC的指控，也未立即回复置评请求。	Neither Musk nor Tesla admitted or denied the charge of SEC in the settlement agreement, or immediately replied to the request for commenting.
和解协议仍需获得法院批准。	The settlement agreement still needed to get approval of the court.
北京晨报讯（记者 王萍）北京晨报记者日前从北京建工集团了解到，2019北京世园会园区的核心建筑群之一 ― ― 北京世园会演艺广场工程将首次采用多色彩ETFE拼图膜结构，5440平方米的膜结构将呈现深红、深绿、橙色、蓝色、红色、绿色6种色彩，在拉索钢绞线的张拉下呈现出“蝴蝶展翼”的造型。	Beijing Morning Post (reported by Wang Ping) -- The reporter of Beijing Morning Post learned from Beijing Construction Engineering Group a few days ago that the multi-colored ETFE jigsaw membrane structure would be adopted in the Performing Arts Plaza project of the International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 Beijing, which was one of the core building groups in the International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 Beijing park. The 5440-meter membrane structure would show 6 colors, including dark red, dark green, orange, blue, red, and green, and it would appear in the shape of "a butterfly flying up high" under the tension created by steel strand draglines.
据北京建工五建集团项目负责人刘长宝介绍，演艺广场工程建筑面积4500平方米，安装总用钢量1182吨，钢结构屋面由26榀伞状排布的悬挑钢桁架支撑，在拉索钢绞线的张拉下呈现出“蝴蝶展翼”的造型。	According to the introduction made by Liu Changbao, the project leader of Beijing No. 5 Construction Engineering Group, the building area of the Performing Arts Plaza project was 4500 square meters, and the total amount of installed steal was 1182 tons. The steel roof was supported by the cantilever steel truss with a 26-beam umbrella arrangement. It would appear in the shape of "a butterfly flying up high" under the tension created by steel strand draglines.
“从空中俯瞰演艺广场，绚丽多彩的屋面就好像穿花而过、舞动翩跹的彩蝶，并且鲜艳的色彩不会因时间推移和风霜雨雪逐渐褪色 ” 。	"Taking a bird's-eye view of the Performing Arts Plaza, the colorful roof seems like a butterfly dancing among the flowers. And the bright colors will not fade even weathered rain and snow over time".
此前，单色的ETFE膜结构曾广泛应用于鸟巢、水立方等工程，但多彩色拼图的ETFE膜结构在全国还是首例。	The single-colored ETFE membrane structure has been widely applied in the Bird's Nest, the Water Cube, and other projects, but this is the first time to use the multi-colored ETFE jigsaw membrane structure across the country.
记者了解到，由于全球具备多种色彩膜结构生产能力的供应商极少，因此每一寸膜结构材料都十分“珍贵 ” 。	The reported learned that every inch of the membrane structure was very "precious" since there were only a few suppliers capable of producing the multi-colored membrane structure around the world.
刘长宝说，为避免索头端位置出现重叠和“打架”等问题，还将创新采用“双叉耳”索头结构，通过特制的固定插件确保“打架”的索头收束在正确的位置。	Liu Changbao said that the dragline head structure with "double ears" would also be adopted innovatively to aviod the problems of overlapping or "fighting" in the position of dragline head. A special fixed widget would be used to ensure the "fighted" dragline heads are packed in the correct position.
目前2019北京世园会园区建设正在进行当中。	The construction of the International Horticultural Exhibition 2019 Beijing park is in progress at present.
其中，国际馆工程已经完成了所有“花伞”的吊装施工。	The project of the International Hall has completed all hoisting construction works of "flower umbrella".
按计划工程将于10月底具备布展条件。	According to the plan, the project will be ready for arranging the exhibitions at the end of October.
全球华侨华人共庆中华人民共和国成立69周年-中新网	The overseas Chinese celebrated the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. -- ECNS
中华人民共和国成立69周年之际，海外华侨华人举办了丰富多彩的庆祝活动，共同祝愿祖国未来更加美好。	On the occasion of the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the overseas Chinese organized a variety of celebration activities to wish the motherland a better future.
当地时间23日晚，澳大利亚华人团体协会邀请500多位侨胞及友好人士相聚悉尼。	In the evening of September 23 local time, the Australian Council of Chinese Organizations invited over 500 overseas Chinese and friendly personages to merrily gather in Sydney.
嘉宾们一面欣赏华人艺术家的精湛表演，一面畅叙故土亲情。	The distinguished guests enjoyed the Chinese artists' superb performance and talked about the homeland and family affections.
华协会主席吴昌茂表示，中国的飞速进步和发展，让身处海外的中华儿女倍感自豪。	Wu Changmao, the chairman of the Australian Council of Chinese Organizations, said that China's rapid progress and development made the overseas Chinese proud.
2018年恰逢华人抵澳200周年，华侨华人将继续发扬200年来的优良传统，更积极地融入主流社会，做中澳友谊的坚强纽带，为两国的经济发展和社会进步不懈努力。	It was the 200th anniversary of the first Chinese people's arrival in Australia in 2018. The overseas Chinese would carry on the good traditions accumulated in the past 200 years, and enter the mainstream of society in a more positive way to become the strong ties of friendship between China and Australia and make unremitting efforts for the economic development and social progress in the two countries.
同日，博茨瓦纳中国和平统一促进会暨华人慈善基金会、博茨瓦纳华人华侨总商会和哈博罗内华助中心共同于哈博罗内举办“2018旅博侨界联谊会 ” 。	On the same day, Botswana Association for Peaceful Reunification of China and Charity Association of Chinese in Botswana, Botswana Chinese General Chamber of Commerce, and Gaborone Chinese Assistance Center hosted the "2018 Social Gathering of Overseas Chinese in Botswana" in Gaborone.
联谊会上，侨胞们各自亮出“看家本领 ” 。	The overseas Chinese showed their "special skills" in the social gathering.
有的深情合唱，为祖国诞辰献上赞歌。	Some of them performed soulful chorus to present a paean for the birthday of the motherland.
博茨瓦纳华人华侨总商会会长、哈博罗内华助中心主任胡中文表示，旅博侨胞秉承中华民族传统美德，实现人生梦想的同时，也为博茨瓦纳繁荣作出贡献，获得了当地人民的尊重。	Hu Zhongwen, the president of Botswana Chinese General Chamber of Commerce and the director of Gaborone Chinese Assistance Center, said that the overseas Chinese in Botswana upheld the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation, and achieved their life dreams while contributing to the prosperity in Botswana, so they were respected by the local people.
他呼吁在博侨胞把握祖国发展提供的宝贵机遇，在新时代扬帆起航，再立新功。	He called on the overseas Chinese in Botswana to seize the valuable opportunity brought by the development of the motherland to set sail in the new era to make new contributions.
连日来，中国各驻外机构纷纷举办国庆招待会。	China's missions around the world had held the National Day receptions in succession for the last few days.
当地时间24日晚，中国驻泰国大使吕健夫妇在曼谷举行招待会。	Lyu Jian, China's ambassador to Thailand, and his wife held a reception in Bangkok in the evening of September 24 local time.
在泰华侨华人、中资机构、志愿者教师、留学生代表，泰国各界知名人士，外国驻泰使节等近千人出席。	Nearly one thousand people attended the reception, including the overseas Chinese in Thailand, representatives of Chinese-funded organizations, volunteer teachers, representatives of overseas Chinese students, celebrities from all walks of life in Thailand, and foreign ambassadors to Thailand.
与会嘉宾共品中华美食，现场气氛热烈友好。	The distinguished guests enjoyed the Chinese foods in a warm and friendly atmosphere.
当地时间26日晚，在中国驻洛杉矶总领馆的招待会上，由总领馆和中国新闻社共同主办的《不忘初心砥砺前行 ― ― 中国改革开放40年图片展》同时举行。	In the evening of September 26 local time, "Stay True to the Mission and Forge ahead -- Picture Exhibition of China's Reform and Opening-up in 40 Years", which was cohosted by China's Consulate General in Los Angeles and China News Service, was featured in the reception held by China's Consulate General in Los Angeles.
展览撷取了1978年至2018年中国改革开放进程的历史瞬间，展示了改革开放的巨大成就及中美关系的发展。	The exhibition captured many historical moments in China's reform and opening-up process from 1978 to 2018, and displayed the great achievements in reform and opening-up and the development of China-US relations.
“我来美国38年了，看到这么多精彩、有历史意义的图片，心情非常激动 。 ”	"I've been in the United States for 38 years. I'm very excited to see so many wonderful, historic pictures. "
美国华裔企业家、慈善家张祥华表示，中国改革开放的成就“实在了不起 ” ， 作为华人，他由衷引以为傲。	Zhang Xianghua, a Chinese entrepreneur and charitarian in the United States, said that China's achievements in reform and opening-up were "really amazing". He was very proud as a Chinese.
在洛杉矶工作的“90后”刘元吉表示，照片记录之事大多发生在他出生前，原本并不了解。	As one of the "post-90s generation" working in Los Angeles, Liu Yuanji said that he was not familiar with the events recorded in the pictures since most of them happened before he was born.
“按时间顺序慢慢看下来，感到中国一步一步走来，越来越强大，令身在异乡的我们特别振奋 ” ， 刘元吉说。	"After browsing the pictures slowly in a chronological order, I feel that China is becoming stronger and stronger step by step. This makes us particularly excited in a foreign land", Liu Yuanji said.
许多华侨华人不远万里，回中国参加庆祝活动。	Many overseas Chinese traveled long distances to come back to China to take part in the celebration activities.
27日晚，2018“文化中国・全球华人音乐会”奏响北京国家大剧院，海外侨胞受邀观演。	Many overseas Chinese were invited to the 2018 "Culture China Global Chinese Concert" in the national grand theater of China in Beijing in the evening of September 27.
在意大利华人、国家大剧院艺术总监吕嘉的指挥下，经典曲目接连上演，熟悉的旋律之中、高水平演绎之下，侨胞们无不情思荡漾，心潮澎湃。	Lyu Jia, the Italian Chinese and the art director of the national grand theater, conducted the orchestra to perform the classics in succession. The overseas Chinese emotionally immersed in the familiar melody and high-level performance.
更有人踏遍祖国万里河山。	Someone even traveled thousands of miles across the motherland.
迪拜侨胞张涛自9月初，26天累计飞行3万公里，从中国最西至中国最东，跨越了6个省15座城市。	Zhang Tao, an overseas Chinese in Dubai, had flied 30,000 kilometers in 26 days since the beginning of September. From the westernmost place to the easternmost place in China, he had traveled across 15 cities in 6 provinces.
他向中新社记者感慨 ， “ 我的祖国幅员辽阔、地大物博，是地球上最璀璨的一颗明珠 ！ ”	He said with emotion to the reporter from China News Service, "Our motherland has a vast territory and abundant resources. It is the brightest pearl on earth! "
10月1日，张涛已因公务需要返回迪拜。	Zhang Tao returned to Dubai on official business on October 1.
安倍拟让甘利任自民党要职 内阁改组等讨论迎尾声-中新网	Shinzo Abe planned to put Akira Amari into an important position in the Liberal Democratic Party. The discussion on cabinet reshuffle is approaching the end. -- ECNS
中新网10月1日电 据日本共同社报道，日本首相安倍晋三为2日的内阁改组和党高层人事调整进入了最后讨论阶段。	ECNS, October 1 -- According to Japan's Kyodo News Agency reports, the Japanese President Shinzo Abe entered the final discussion stage for cabinet reshuffle and high-level personnel adjustment within the Party, which would be implemented on October 2.
目前正在协调让安倍亲信前经济再生担当相甘利明担任党四大要职的选举对策委员长或总务会长。	They are coordinating to put Abe's trusted follower Akira Amari, the former Minister of Economic Regeneration, into the position of Chairman of Election Countermeasures Committee or General President, which is one of the four important positions within the Party.
据报道，政权相关人士1日透露了上述消息。	It was reported that the relevant authority of the regime disclosed the news on October 1.
安倍下午在官邸与公明党党首山口那津男举行了会谈。	Abe held a meeting with Natsuo Yamaguchi, the leader of the Komeito Party, in his official residence in the afternoon.
山口要求让来自公明党的国土交通相石井启一留任。	Yamaguchi requested to keep Keiichi Ishii, the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport from the Komeito Party, in his current position.
安倍称“会予以探讨 ” 。	Abe said that he would "discuss about it".
山口向媒体透露了此事。	Yamaguchi disclosed this matter to the media.
安倍1日中午在官邸与自民党副总裁高村正彦会面，就修改《宪法》要求“希望今后也继续给予帮助 ” 。	Abe met Masahiko Komura, the Vice President of the Liberal Democratic Party, in his official residence at noon of October 1 and asked him to "keep helping" with regard to the modification of "Constitution".
高村目前担任党修宪推进总部的特别顾问。	Komura is currently serving as the Special Advisor of the Party's Constitution-amending Promotion Headquarters.
据悉，甘利作为“安倍经济学”的推进者，在第二届安倍内阁上台的2012年12月起担任经济再生担当相，但2016年1月因金钱丑闻辞职。	It is learned that as the promoter of "Abenomics", Akira Amari has served the Minister of Economic Regeneration since the second Abe cabinet came into power in December 2012, but he resigned due to money scandal in January 2016.
他在党总裁选举中担任了安倍选举对策总部的事务总长。	He served as the Chief Officer of Abe's Election Countermeasures Headquarters in the Party's president election.
围绕党四大要职，安倍有意让干事长二阶俊博、政务调查会长岸田文雄继续任职。	With regard to the four important positions within the Party, Abe intended to keep the Secretary-General Toshihiro Nikai and the Policy Chief Fumio Kishida in their current positions.
负责汇总修宪相关党内讨论的总务会长、指挥明年参院选举的选对委员长人选成为焦点。	The candidates of General President, who will be responsible for summarizing the discussions related to the constitutional amendment within the Party, and Chairman of Election Countermeasures Committee, who will direct the Senate Election in next year, become people's focus.
关于内阁，已基本决定维持副首相兼财务相麻生太郎、官房长官菅义伟等政权骨架。	With regard to the cabinet, the regime framework has been basically decided with the Vice-Premier and Finance Minister Taro Aso, and the Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga unchanged.
石井历任公明党政调会长等，于2015年10月的内阁改组中首次出任阁僚，在任约有3年。	Keiichi Ishii will serve successively as the Chairman of Policy Research Council in the Komeito Party. He served as the cabinet minister for the first time during the cabinet reshuffle in December 2015, and has been serving for about 3 years.
安倍2日上午将在自民党总务会上决定高层人事。	Abe will decide the high-level personnel in the General Assembly of the Liberal Democratic Party on October 2.
按计划，下午将公布阁僚名单，然后在皇宫举行认证仪式。	As planned, the list of cabinet ministers will be announced in the afternoon. And then, an attestation ceremony will be held at Japan Palace.
路透上海9月30日 - 中国证监会周日正式发布了修订后的《上市公司治理准则 》 ， 此次修订的重点包括进一步加强对控股股东、实际控制人及其关联方的约束，更加注重中小投资者保护，发挥中小投资者保护机构的作用；同时积极借鉴国际经验，推动机构投资者参与公司治理。	Report of Reuters on September 30 in Shanghai: The China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) officially has issued the revised the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies in China on Sunday. The focus of the revision includes further strengthening the restraints on controlling shareholders, actual controllers and their related parties, paying more attention to the protection of small and medium-sized investors, and playing the role of protection institutions for small and medium-sized investors; and actively draw on international experience to promote institutional investors to participate in corporate governance.
证监会指出，修订后的准则内容涵盖上市公司治理基本理念和原则，股东大会、董事会、监事会的组成和运作，董事、监事和高级管理人员的权利义务，上市公司激励约束机制，控股股东及其关联方的行为规范。	The CSRC points out that the revised Code covers the basic concepts and principles of corporate governance of listed companies, the composition and operation of shareholders' meetings, the board of directors and board of supervisors, the rights and obligations of directors, supervisors and senior managers, the incentive and restraint mechanism of listed companies, and the behavioral norms of controlling shareholders and their related parties.
新的准则还包括机构投资者及相关机构参与公司治理，上市公司在利益相关者、环境保护和社会责任方面的基本要求，以及信息披露与透明度等。	The new Code also includes the basic requirements for the participation of institutional investors and related institutions in corporate governance, and the listed companies in terms of stakeholders, environmental protection and social responsibility, as well as information disclosure and transparency.
修订后的准则要求上市公司在公司治理中贯彻落实创新、协调、绿色、开放、共享的发展理念，增加上市公司党建要求，强化上市公司在环境保护、社会责任方面的引领作用。	The revised Code requires the listed companies to implement innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development concepts in corporate governance, increase the requirements for Party building of listed companies, and strengthen the leading role of listed companies in terms of environmental protection and social responsibility.
强化董事会审计委员会作用，确立环境、社会责任和公司治理（ESG）信息披露的基本框架。	Strengthen the role of the audit committee of the board and establish the basic framework of information disclosure for environment, social responsibility and corporate governance (ESG).
此外回应各方关切，新的准则还对上市公司治理中面临的控制权稳定、独立董事履职、上市公司董监高评价与激励约束机制、强化信息披露等提出新要求。	In addition, in response to the concerns of all parties, the new Code also puts forward new requirements for the stability of control rights, the performance of independent directors, the evaluation, incentive and restraint mechanism of directors, supervisors and senior management of listed companies, and the strengthening of information disclosure in corporate governance.
证监会并指出，将根据新准则，研究完善相关规章、规范性文件，指导证券交易所、中国上市公司协会等自律组织制定、修改相关自律规则，逐步完善上市公司治理规则体系。	The CSRC also points out that it will comply with the new Code to study and improve relevant regulations and normative documents, guide self-regulatory organizations of stock exchanges and the China Association for Public Companies to formulate and revise relevant self-regulatory rules, and gradually improve the governance rules system of listed companies.
同时，加强对上市公司的培训，强化上市公司完善治理、规范运作的自觉性，不断提高上市公司质量。	Meanwhile, it will strengthen the training of listed companies, strengthen the consciousness of improving governance and standardizing operation of listed companies, and constantly improve the quality of listed companies.
中国国家主席习近平周一表示，中国开放大门不会关闭只会越开越大，推动更高水平开放的脚步不会停步。	China’s President Xi Jinping said on Monday that China's opening door would not be closed, but would only open wider and wider, and the pace for promoting a higher level of openness would not stop.
扩大进口不是权益之计，是面向未来的长远考量，预计未来15年，中国进口商品和服务将分别超过30万亿美元和10万亿美元。	The expanded import was not a makeshift, but the long-term consideration facing the future. It was estimated that the goods and services imported to China would exceed $30 trillion and $10 trillion respectively in the next 15 years.
习近平在首届中国国际进口博览会上发表主旨演讲，中国将进一步降低关税，加快跨境电商等新业态发展，持续放宽市场准入，推进服务业开放，国内市场缺口较大的教育、医疗等领域将放宽外资股比限制。	Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech at the first China International Import Expo and said that China would further reduce tariffs, speed up the development of cross-border e-commerce and other new types of business, continue to broaden market access, promote the opening of the service industry, and relax the restrictions on the proportion of foreign capital shares in education, medicine and other fields with relatively large gaps in the domestic market.
中国将保护外资企业合法权益。	China would protect the lawful rights and interests of foreign-invested enterprises.
他表示，中国将抓紧研究提出海南分步骤分阶段建设自由贸易港政策和制度体系，加快探索建设中国特色自由贸易港进程；将增设上海自贸区新片区；在上海证交所设立科创板，并试点注册制，支持长江三角洲区域一体化发展，并上升为国家战略。	He said that China would pay close attention to the study and proposal of the policy and system of construction of free trade ports in steps and phases in Hainan, and would accelerate the process of exploring and building free trade ports with Chinese characteristics; would add new areas of Shanghai Free Trade Area; set up a technology innovation board in Shanghai Stock Exchange, piloted the registration system to support the development of regional integration in the Yangtze River Delta and rose to a national strategy.
“中国经济是一片大海，不是一片小池塘。	"Chinese economy is a sea, but not a small pond.
有风平浪静之时，也有狂风骤雨之时 ， ” 习近平称 ， “ 狂风骤雨可以掀翻小池塘，但不能掀翻大海。	There are periods of calm and periods of violent storms," Xi Jinping said, "Violent storms can overturn the small pond, but not the sea.
经历了无数次狂风骤雨，大海依旧在那儿！	Going through countless violent storms, the sea is still there!
经历了5，000多年的艰难困苦，中国依旧在那儿！	Going through more than 5,000 years of difficulties and hardships, China is still there!
面向未来，中国将永远在这儿 ！ ”	Facing the future, China will always be here! "
他指出，经济全球化遭遇波折，多边主义和自由贸易体制受到冲击，不稳定不确定因素依然很多，风险挑战加剧；开放合作是增强国际经贸合作的重要动力，各国应该坚持开放融通，拓展互利发展空间，加强宏观经济的相互协调。	He pointed out that the economic globalization suffered setbacks, and multilateralism and free trade system were impacted. There are still various instabilities and uncertainties, and risk challenges intensified; open cooperation was an important driving force for strengthening international economic and trade cooperation. All countries should adhere to opening and accommodation, expand mutually beneficial development space and strengthen macroeconomic coordination.
他再次强调，中国开放大门不会关闭，只会越开越大，推动更高水平开放的脚步不会停步。	He emphasized again that China's opening door would not be closed, but would only open wider and wider, and the pace for promoting a higher level of openness would not stop.
中国将激发进口潜力，顺应国内消费升级趋势，采取更积极有效的措施，促进居民收入增加，培育中高端消费增长点。	China would stimulate import potentials, conform to the trend of domestic consumption upgrading, take more active and effective measures, promote the increase of household income and cultivate high-end consumption growth points.
中国将尊重国际营商惯例，对在中国境内注册的各类企业一视同仁、平等对待。	China would respect international business practices and treat all types of enterprises registered in China alike and equally.
中国将保护外资企业合法权益，坚决依法惩处侵犯外商合法权益特别是侵犯知识产权行为，提高知识产权审查质量和审查效率，引入惩罚性赔偿制度，显着提高违法成本。	China would protect the lawful rights and interests of foreign-invested enterprises, resolutely punish violations of the lawful rights and interests of foreign merchants according to the law, especially for violations of intellectual property rights, improve the quality and efficiency of intellectual property review, and introduce a punitive compensation system to significantly increase the cost for violating the law.
谈及中国经济前景，习近平表示从经济增长、就业、物价、国际收支、企业利润、财政收入、劳动生产率等主要指标看，中国经济运行都处于合理区间，为实现全年目标任务打下了重要基础。	Referring to the Chinese economic prospects, Xi Jinping said that from the perspectives of economic growth, employment, price, balance of payments, corporate profits, fiscal revenue, labor productivity and other major indicators, the economic operation in China was in a reasonable range, laying an important foundation for achieving the year-round goals and tasks.
同其他主要经济体相比，中国经济增长仍居世界前列。	The economic growth in China was still at the forefront of the world compared with other major economies.
“中国经济发展健康稳定的基本面没有改变，支撑高质量发展的生产要素条件没有改变，长期稳中向好的总体势头没有改变 。 ”	"The fundamentals of healthy and stable economic development in China remain unchanged, the conditions of production factors supporting high-quality development remain unchanged, and the overall momentum for long-term stability and improvement remains unchanged. "
习近平称，对中国经济发展前景，大家完全可以抱着乐观态度。	Xi Jinping said that everyone can be optimistic about Chinese economic development prospects.
习近平称，中国宏观调控能力不断增强，具有保持经济长期健康稳定发展的诸多有利条件，当前中国经济发展也遇到了突出的矛盾和问题，正在采取措施积极加以解决，成效已经和正在显现出来。	Xi Jinping said that the macro-control capacity of China continuously strengthened, and it had many favorable conditions to maintain the long-term healthy and stable economic development. The economic development in China also encountered outstanding contradictions and problems, and measures were taken to actively solve the contradictions and problems. The results had been and were showing.
“相信只要保持战略定力，全面深化改革开放，下大气力解决存在的突出矛盾和问题，中国经济一定能够加快转入高质量发展轨道 。 ”习近平表示。	"It is believed that if only keeping the strategic composure, deepening reform and opening up in an all-round way, and making great efforts to solve outstanding contradictions and problems, China's economy will surely be able to speed up its transition to a high-quality development track. " Xi Jinping said.
11月3日、4日 ， “ A CLASSIC TOUR学友・经典世界巡回演唱会”连续两晚在海口五源河文化体育中心开唱，8.6万名观众在现场一睹“歌神”张学友风采，海口警方共组织安保力量6600余人次全力以赴开展现场及周边治安、交通秩序维护工作，两天来，海口警方共抓获“黄牛”20人、贩卖假证件人员4人，抓获盗窃违法犯罪嫌疑人7名，缴获假证、假演唱会门票、假CD等物品一批，接受观众求助160余人次。	On November 3 and 4, "A CLASSIC TOUR Jacky·Classic World Tour Concert" was held in Haikou Wuyuanhe Culture and Sports Center for two consecutive nights. 86,000 spectators took a look at the "Song of God" Jacky Cheung. The Haikou police organized a total of more than 6,600 security forces to carry out on-site and surrounding security and traffic order maintenance. In the past two days, Haikou police arrested 20 "ticket scalper" and 4 people who sold fake documents, arrested 7 suspects of theft and illegal crimes, seized a batch of fake certificates, fake concert tickets, fake CDs and other items, and accepted the audience for help over 160 person-times.
演唱会期间，海口市公安局主要领导在现场指挥督导交通、治安等安保工作，各单位、各警种参战民警发挥连续作战的优良作风，连续两天提前4小时到岗，扎实开展防爆安检、疏导交通、秩序维护、服务群众等各项安保工作。	During the concert, the main leaders of the Haikou Public Security Bureau commanded and supervised the security work such as transportation and public security. All units and all classification police officers participated in displayed the excellent work style of continuous operations. They arrived at the post four hours in advance for two consecutive days to carry out explosion-proof security inspection, traffic direction, order maintenance, and to serve the masses and other security work.
由于前期及时发布交通出行提示，合理划分停车区域，及时疏导周边道路，演唱会散场后3日晚用时65分钟、4日晚仅用时55分钟，两晚共8.6万余名观众及2万余辆车辆就全部安全有序离开，现场及周边道路治安、交通秩序良好。	Due to the timely announcement of traffic travel tips in the early stage, the reasonable division of parking area, and the promote direction of surrounding roads, the after-show evacuation only took 65 minutes and 55 minutes for 3rd and 4th evening respectively. In the two nights, a total of more than 86,000 spectators and more than 20,000 vehicles left safely and orderly. The roads and surrounding roads were in good order and traffic.
印尼强震及海啸死亡人数上升至420人，尚无中国公民伤亡报告	The number of deaths from strong earthquakes and tsunami in Indonesia has risen to 420, and there is no report of casualties of Chinese citizens.
印尼官方安塔拉通讯社当地时间29日午夜援引该国抗灾署负责人Wilem Rampangilei公布的数字，发生在印尼中苏拉威西省的强烈地震及海啸造成的死亡人数已上升至420人。	Local time, at midnight on the 29th, Indonesia’s official ANTARA News quoted the number published by Wilem Rampangilei, head of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency. The number of deaths caused by the violent earthquake and tsunami in Indonesia’s Central Sulawesi has risen to 420.
这位官员称，这还只是中苏拉威西省首府帕卢市的统计数字，不包括震中所在的栋加拉县和附近的Sigi地区，因为这两个地区目前通讯仍然中断，尚未收到遇难人数的报告。	The official said that this is only the statistics of the city of Palu, the capital of Central Sulawesi, excluding the epicenter of the Donggala Regency and the nearby Sigi area, because the communication between the two regions is still interrupted and has not yet received the report on the number of victims.
因为帕卢市的许多道路遭到严重破坏，重型机械难以进入，搜救工作遇到很大困难。	Because many roads in Palu City have been severely damaged, the heavy machinery is difficult to enter, and search and rescue work has encountered great difficulties.
为保障救援，28日晚开始关闭的帕卢机场29日晚重新开放后停飞一切商业航班，记者当晚已办好登机牌从雅加达飞往帕卢的航班被取消。	In order to guarantee the rescue, Palu Airport, which was closed on the evening of the 28th, was reopened on the 29th. After the reopening, all the commercial flights were grounding of aircraft. The reporter finished the boarding pass, however, the flight from Djakarta to Palu was cancelled.
地震及海啸发生后，中国驻印尼大使馆即通过各种渠道了解核实灾区中国公民情况。	After the earthquake and tsunami, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia learned through various channels to verify the situation of Chinese citizens in the disaster area.
截至目前，尚未收到中国公民伤亡的报告。	As of now, there is no report of casualties of Chinese citizens has been received.
俄罗斯茹科夫斯基中央空气流体动力学研究院院长瑟帕洛说 ： " 超音速项目正按国际集团计划以及与工贸部签署的合同进行。"	Serparo, the president of the Central Academy of Aerodynamics in Zhukovski, Russia, said, "the supersonic project is being carried out according to the international group plan and the contract signed with the Ministry of Industry and Trade."
我们认为需要2到3年才能进行技术演示，另外还需要10到15年实现民用飞机量产 。	We think it will take two to three years to demonstrate the technology, and another 10 to 15 years to achieve mass production of civil aircrafts.
瑟帕洛说，目前俄科学家面临的问题是如何使飞机的经济性和安全性得到兼顾。	Serparo said that the current problem that the Russian scientists face was how to make the aircraft economical and safe.
他说，超音速飞机的特点是巨大噪音影响。	He said that supersonic aircrafts are characterized by loud noise effects.
瑟帕洛表示，该研究院正在与莫斯科航空学院和图波列夫设计局共同研发全系列民用超音速飞机，其中包括用于商业运输的公务机和大型客机。	Serparo said that the academy was working with the Moscow Aviation Institute and the Tupolev Design Bureau to research and develop whole series of civil supersonic aircrafts, including business aircrafts and large passenger aircrafts for commercial transport.
习近平总书记在民营企业座谈会上发表十分重要的讲话，为民营经济走向更加广阔的舞台注入坚定信心。	General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered a very important speech at the private sector symposium, injecting a firm confidence into the broader stage of the private economy.
习近平总书记强调“让企业家卸下思想包袱，轻装前进”在广大企业家和创新创业者中引发强烈共鸣。	General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that "letting entrepreneurs unload their mental loads and march with light packs", which has a strong resonance among entrepreneurs and innovative entrepreneurs.
市场活力来自于人，特别是来自于企业家，来自于企业家精神。	Market vitality comes from people, especially from entrepreneurs, from entrepreneurship.
在改革开放40年波澜壮阔的历程中，有千千万万个企业家创业创新的故事，企业家群体的成长壮大，不断推动着中国经济的破浪前行。	In the magnificent course of the 40 years of reform and opening up, there are thousands of entrepreneurs entrepreneurship and innovation stories, the growth and expansion of entrepreneurs-group constantly push the Chinese economy to sail far.
一段时间以来，社会上有的人发表了一些否定、怀疑民营经济的言论。	For some time, some people in the society have published some remarks that negate and doubt the private economy.
所谓“民营经济离场论 ” “ 新公私合营论”等错误说法引起一些企业家的疑虑和担忧。	The so-called "private economic departure theory" and "new public-private partnership theory" and other misconceptions have caused some entrepreneurs’ doubts and concerns.
近来，一些民营企业在经营发展中遇到不少困难和问题。	Recently, some private enterprise have encountered many difficulties and problems in their business development.
比如，国际经济环境变化给一些出口企业带来影响；需求结构快速调整带来转型升级压力；有些政策相互不协调，政策效应同向叠加，或者是工作方式简单，导致一些初衷是好的政策产生了相反的作用等等。	For example, the changes in the international economic environment have had an impact on some export enterprises; the rapid adjustment of the demand structure has brought about the pressure of transformation and upgrading; some policies are not coordinated with each other, the policy effects are superimposed in the same direction, or the working methods are simple, resulting in some policies with good original intentions have the opposite effect, etc.
种种因素交织，民营经济遇到困难，一些民营企业经营面临困境，企业家表现出不少焦虑。	All kinds of factors are intertwined, the private economy is facing difficulties, some private enterprises are facing difficulties, and entrepreneurs show a lot of anxiety.
在这个背景下，纠正认识上的误区，卸下企业家的思想包袱，让企业一心一意谋发展，政府一心一意促发展，事关市场信心和发展预期，有着尤为深刻的现实意义。	Under this context, it is particularly profound and practical to correct the cognition errors, let the entrepreneurs’ unload the mental load, let them develop wholeheartedly, make the government promote development devotedly and concern market confidence and development expectations.
这次座谈会上再次强调了“三个没有变”的重要论断 ： “ 非公有制经济在我国经济社会发展中的地位和作用没有变！”	This symposium once again emphasized the important assertion of the "Three no-changes": "There is no change in the role and function of non-public sector in our economic and social development"!
从深入推进简政放权、建立权力清单制度到营造保护企业家合法权益的法治环境，打造公平竞争的市场环境，塑造全社会尊重企业家的氛围，近年来，党中央对企业家的重视程度、制度保障力度空前。	In recent years, from deepening the promotion of streamline administration and delegate more power to lower-level governments, establishing a power list system, and creating a legal environment that protects the legitimate rights and interests of entrepreneurs, creating a market environment of fair competition and shaping the atmosphere of respecting entrepreneurs in the whole society, the Party Central Committee has attached unprecedented emphasis on entrepreneurs and institutional guarantees.
此次座谈会更是明确提出大力支持民营企业发展壮大6个方面的政策举措，推出一系列致力于民营企业“轻装前进”的务实行动。	The symposium clearly stated the six aspects’ policy measures to vigorously support the development and expansion of private enterprises, and launched a series of pragmatic actions dedicated to the "march with light packs" of private enterprises.
这些都给企业家群体极大鼓舞，给社会各界更多期待。	These actions have greatly encouraged the entrepreneurial community and have given more expectations to the community.
迷雾拨开，方针已定，关键在于落实。	The fog has been set aside, and the policy has been set. And the key aspect lies in implementation.
要不断为民营经济营造更好发展环境，帮助民营企业解决发展中的困难，助力实现中国经济转型升级；要让企业家在市场竞争中感到公平，在合法经营中感到安全，在社会生活中感到尊重，激发创新活力和创造潜力。	We must continue to create a better development environment for the private economy, help private enterprises solve the difficulties in development, and help achieve China’s economic transformation and upgrading; let entrepreneurs feel fair in market competition, feel safe in legal operations, and feel respected in social life, stimulate innovation and create potential.
中国经济进入迈向高质量发展的进程，需要更多企业家施展抱负，也为企业家发挥创造力提供了更大的空间和舞台。	The Chinese economy has stepped into a process of moving towards high-quality development, requiring more entrepreneurs to display their ambitions and providing more spaces and stages for entrepreneurs to exert their creativity.
我们有理由相信，随着进一步深化改革、破除障碍，民营经济将迎来更好的发展前景和发展机遇，走向更加广阔的舞台。	We have reason to believe that with further deepening reforms and removing obstacles, the private economy will greet better development prospects and opportunities and move toward a broader stage.
内蒙古进出口环节46种监管证全部实现联网核查 -中新网	46 types of import and export supervision licenses in Inner Mongolia have all been verified online - China News
中新网呼和浩特11月5日电 (记者 李爱平)呼和浩特海关5日消息称，即日起，除保密需要等特殊情况外，当地进出口环节46种监管证全部实现联网核查。	Report on November 5 in Inner Mongolia of China News (reported by Li Aiping): the Hohhot Customs said on November 5 that 46 types of local import and export supervision licenses were verified online from that day, except for confidentiality requirements and other special circumstances.
内蒙古企业可采用无纸方式向海关申报相关证件，避免了以往现场奔波、纸质申请、重复提交等问题。	The enterprises in Inner Mongolia can declare relevant documents to the Customs in paperless way, so as to avoid the problems of rushing around on site, paper application, repeated submission, etc.
据了解，单证准备时间指报关申报之前对进出口环节所需各类单证的准备时间，是影响整体通关时间的一项主要因素，要想压缩通关时间、降低通关费用，必须减单证。	It was known that the preparation time of documents referred to the preparation time of various types of documents required for import and export before declaration, which was a major factor that affected the overall clearance time. In order to compress the clearance time and reduce the clearance costs, the documents must be reduced.
此前在进出口环节需要海关验核的各种监管证件达86种，涉及19个部门。	Previously, there were 86 types of supervision documents in the import and export process which required customs examination, involving 19 departments.
据悉，此次按照“能取消的取消，能合并的合并，能退出口岸验核的退出口岸验核”的原则，依托国际贸易“单一窗口”平台，海关与其他16家发证机关系统对接和数据互联，实现了数据多跑路、企业少跑腿。	It was reported that according to the principle of "to cancel what can be canceled, to merge what can be merged and to withdraw what can be withdrawn from port inspection" this time and relying on the international trade "single window" platform, the Customs and other 16 license-issuing authority systems made docking and data interconnection, to achieve more data flows and less enterprise errands.
海关方面称，以往企业需来回往返有关部门现场办事大厅递交纸质申请，流程漫长且无法实时跟踪审核状态。	The customs said that in the past, enterprises had to go back and forth to the onsite office hall of the relevant authorities to submit paper applications. The process was long and it was impossible to track the verification status in real time.
现在企业用户可直接登录“单一窗口”门户网站，进行线上申请。	Now the enterprise users can directly log into the "single window" portal to apply online.
发证部门审核通过后，将证书电子数据传输到海关，并在通关环节实现与海关报关数据的自动比对、智能验核，审核结果统一通过“单一窗口”反馈给企业，实现了监管证件申报、审核、通关和反馈的全流程网上办理。	Upon approval of the license-issuing authority, the electronic data of the certificate would be transmitted to the Customs, and automatic comparison and intelligent examination of the Customs declaration data would be done in the Customs clearance process. All the examination results would be sent back to the enterprise through the "single window", which can make the whole process of declaration, examination, customs clearance and feedback of supervision documents complete online.
韩参鸡汤对华出口4年猛增20倍 或与空巢青年增多有关-中新网	Exports of Korean ginseng chicken soup to China surged 20 times in four years, which may be related to the increase of empty-nest youth - China News
韩参鸡汤对华出口4年间猛增20倍 分析：与空巢青年增多有关	Exports of Korean ginseng chicken soup to China surged 20 times in four years; analysis: it is related to the increase of empty-nest youth
韩联社5日报道称，去年韩国参鸡汤对华出口额超过10万美元，较4年前的2013年，猛增约20倍。	According to the report on Day 5 of Yonhap, last year, the export sales of Korean ginseng chicken soup to China exceeded 100,000 US dollars, which surged 20 times compared with that of four years ago, in 2013.
分析认为，这一增势与中国空巢青年增多带动方便食品热销，以及年轻人对营养餐的关注提升有关。	The analysis suggests that this growth is related to the hot sales of convenience food driven by the increasing number of empty-nest youth in China, as well as the increasing attention of young people on nutritious meals.
该数据由韩国农水产食品流通公社(aT)5日公布。	This data is published by the Korea Agro-Fisheries & Food Trade Corp (aT) on Day 5.
去年韩国参鸡汤对华出口额达10.0339万美元，重量达2.1859万公斤，较2013年分别猛增2094%和3668.8 % 。	Last year, the export sales of Korean ginseng chicken soup to China was 100,339 US dollars and the weight was 21,859 kg, which surged by 2094% and 3668.8 % respectively compared with that in 2013.
分析认为，韩国参鸡汤在华销售增加，与空巢青年增多带动方便食品热销，以及年轻人对营养餐的关注提升有关。	The analysis suggests that the increasing sales of Korean ginseng chicken soup in China are related to the hot sales of convenience food driven by the increasing number of empty-nest youth in China, as well as the increasing attention of young people on nutritious meals.
截至今年，中国一人户家庭突破2亿大关，预计2020年将增至总人口的30 % ， 当地食品企业也纷纷瞄准“独饭族”推出各种方便食品。	By the end of this year, the number of one-person households in China have exceeded 200 million, and it is expected to increase to 30% of the total population by 2020. Local food enterprises are also aiming at the “eating-alone people" and launching various convenience food.
另外，分析还表示，禽流感是阻碍参鸡汤扎根中国大陆市场的最大因素。	Moreover, the analysis also indicates that bird flu is the biggest factor which prevents ginseng chicken soup from taking root in the Chinese mainland market.
aT称，2016年11月到去年4月韩国出现禽流感疫情，有关部门全面禁止参鸡汤对华出口，导致出口额剧减。	aT says that bird flu outbroke in South Korea from November 2016 to April of last year. Relevant departments comprehensively ban the export of ginseng chicken soup to China which leads to sharp reduction of export sales.
2016年参鸡汤对华出口额达84万美元，由于禽流感，去年出口额暴跌到10万美元。	In 2016, the export sales of ginseng chicken soup in China was 840,000 US dollars. Due to bird flu, the export sales of last year plummeted to 100,000 US dollars.
首届安徽上市公司高质量发展论坛暨安徽上市公司报告发布会30日在合肥市举行。	The Forum on High-quality Development of Anhuui Listed Companies was held in Hefei on the 30th.
安徽省委常委、常务副省长邓向阳表示，本次论坛旨在搭建跨界融合、产融结合的综合交流平台，对促进安徽上市公司健康成长，推进资本市场建设，构建创新型现代化产业体系，具有很强的现实意义。	Deng Xiangyang, member of the Standing Committee of Anhui Provincial Party Committee and executive vice governor, said that the forum aims to build a comprehensive exchange platform for cross-border and product integration, which has strong practical significance for promoting the healthy growth of listed companies in Anhui, driving the construction of capital markets, and building an innovative modern industrial system.
安徽将进一步壮大企业上市后备资源库，推动安徽主导产业、新兴产业与资本市场有机结合，积极培育上市资源，发挥上市公司在引领产业升级、培育经济发展新动能中的“领头羊”作用。	Anhui will further expand the post-marketing resource pool of enterprises, promote the organic integration of leading industries, emerging industries and capital markets in Anhui, actively cultivate listed resources, and play the leader role of listed companies in leading the industrial upgrading and cultivating new kinetic energy development.
陈翔表示，推动安徽经济转型升级，实现高质量发展，迫切需要安徽上市公司提质增效，发挥头雁带头作用。	Chen Xiang expressed that to promote Anhui’s economic transformation and upgrading, and achieve high-quality development, it is urgent for Anhui listed companies to improve quality and efficiency, and play a leading role.
希望以这次论坛为起点，搭建“政产学研资”融合的共建、共享、共用平台，形成围绕上市公司的战略联盟和“投资+投行”资本生态圈。	It is hoped that this forum will be used as a starting point to build a common co-construction and sharing platform for "political, industry, study, research and capital", and form a strategic alliance around listed companies and an "investment + industry investment" capital ecosystem.
省会合肥以45家上市公司的数量绝对领先于省内其他地市。	The provincial capital Hefei is absolutely ahead of other cities in the province with the number of 45 listed companies.
行业分布上，安徽上市公司涵盖13个行业门类，近7成集中于制造业，战略性新兴产业、高新技术产业上市公司占比偏低。	In terms of industry distribution, Anhui listed companies cover 13 industry categories, nearly 70% concentrated in manufacturing, and strategic emerging industries and high-tech industries listed companies are relatively low.
南美洲规模最大的动漫节在秘鲁首都利马举行。	The largest animation festival in South America is held in the capital of Peru, Lima.
这一活动由秘鲁当地的动漫迷举办，为期4天，到访者预计达到10万人次。	This event is held by local animation fans in Peru and lasts for four days. It is expected to attract 100,000 visitors.
据日本NHK电视台11月5日报道，此次动漫节活动内容丰富多彩，包括美国动漫角色展示、人气日本动漫《七龙珠》的西班牙语配音演员的脱口秀、日本动漫主题歌的卡拉OK大赛、动漫角色扮演比赛等，精彩纷呈。	According to the report on November 5 of Japan’s NHK, the activity contents of this animation festival are rich and colorful, including American anime role shows, talk shows of Spanish dubber of the popular Japanese anime "Dragon Ball", a karaoke contest of Japanese animation theme song, a animation role play competition, etc. All activities are splendid.
会场高潮迭起，热闹非凡。	Upsurge happens frequently and the atmosphere is bustling in the venue.
在动漫角色扮演比赛中，一些孩子打扮成人气日本动漫的角色，并再现了这些角色登场时的情景，精彩的表演博得了观众的热烈掌声。	During the animation role play competition, some children dress up as characters of popular Japanese anime and reproduce the scenes when the characters come on stage. The wonderful performance win the warm applause of the audience.
秘鲁的有线电视频道等从2年前开始不断播出日本动漫作品，这让越来越多的当地民众喜欢上了日本动漫，有些夫妇甚至给自己刚刚出生的小宝宝起了动漫角色的名字，日本动漫文化产生的巨大影响可见一斑。	The cable TV channel and other channels in Peru has begun to broadcast Japanese anime works since two years ago, which has made more and more local people take a fancy to Japanese anime. Some couples even name their newborn babies after the characters of anime, which shows the huge influence of Japanese anime culture.
高美士中葡中学门口设施受台风吹袭受损的修复安排	Repair arrangement for the facilities at the gate of Gomes Sinoportuguese Middle School which were damaged by the typhoon
就近日有市民关注本局属下高美士中葡中学门口部分设施因受“山竹”吹袭受损的修复安排，本局一直密切关注及跟进。	As some citizens recently paid close attention to the repair arrangement for the facilities at the gate of Gomes Sinoportuguese Middle School belonged to our bureau which were damaged by the Super Typhoon Mangkhut, our bureau has been paying close attention to this case and following it up.
于“山竹”吹袭后，学校已立即联系及安排工程维修公司进行跟进。	After being attacked by the Super Typhoon Mangkhut, the school has immediately contacted and arranged the engineering and maintenance company to follow up.
经工程人员检查，确定该门口受损部分仍稳固，未有影响该出入口的使用。	Upon inspection of the engineer, it was determined that the damaged part of the gate was still stable and would not affect the use of the gate.
为尽快修复受损部分，学校已即时展开了维修工程的判给程序，修复工程将在本周内按序进行。	To repair the damaged part as soon as possible, the school has immediately carried out the awarding process of the repair works. The repair works would be implemented within this week one after another.
同时，学校已安排紧急工程维修公司於校内进行必要的临时措施以确保校园环境的安全。	Meanwhile, the school has arranged the emergency engineering and maintenance company to taken necessary provisional measures in the school to ensure the safety of campus environment.
9月29日 ， “ 2018年菲律宾首届HSK留学就业展”在菲律宾首都马尼拉光启学校开幕，清华大学等13所中国著名高校首次联袂在菲招生，中国电建、中国国际航空公司等7家在菲律宾的中资企业现场招聘职员，场面火爆。	On September 29, "2018 Philippines First HSK Studying Abroad and Employment Exhibition" opened at the Xavier School in Manila, the capital of the Philippines. Thirteen Chinese famous universities such as Tsinghua University jointly recruited students from the Philippines for the first time. Seven Chinese companies in Philippines, such as Power Construction Corporation of China and Air China, recruited staff on the spot. The spectacle on-site was welcoming and fiery.
“ 2018年菲律宾首届HSK留学就业展”29日在菲律宾首都马尼拉光启学校开幕，清华大学等13所中国著名高校首次联袂在菲招生，中国电建、中国国际航空公司等七家在菲律宾的中资企业现场招聘职员，场面火爆。	On 29th, "2018 Philippines First HSK Studying Abroad and Employment Exhibition" opened at the Xavier School in Manila, the capital of the Philippines. Thirteen Chinese famous universities such as Tsinghua University jointly recruited students from the Philippines for the first time. Seven Chinese companies in Philippines, such as Power Construction Corporation of China and Air China, recruited staff on the spot. The spectacle on-site was welcoming and fiery.
菲律宾华教中心副主席蔡艺术介绍，菲律宾华教中心自1994年成立以来，共承办了29届汉语水平考试和4届汉语水平口语考试，累计有4.7万人次参加考试。	Cai Yishu, Vice Chairman of Philippine Chinese Education Research Center, introduced that since its establishment in 1994, the Philippine Chinese Education Research Center has hosted 29 times of HSKs and 4 times of HSKKs, with a total of 47,000 person-time taking the tests.
为使菲广大汉语学习者学有所成，学有所用，今年在孔子学院总部/国家汉办汉考国际指导下，举办了首届HSK留学就业展。	In order to make the vast number of Chinese learners in the Philippines succeed in a special field of study and apply what they have learned, this year, under the guidance of the Confucius Institute Headquarters/Hanban, the First HSK Studying Abroad and Employment Exhibition was held.
菲首办HSK留学就业展 中国高校联袂招生现场火爆。	Philippines First HSK Studying Abroad and Employment Exhibition, with Spectacle for Chinese Universities Jointly Recruitment
孔子学院总部/国家汉办汉考国际考务部经理刘小龙表示，2017年全菲参加HSK考试人数超过2.5万人，菲已经成为HSK考试考生量最大的国家之一。	Liu Xiaolong, the Manager of the Confucius Institute Headquarters/Hanban HSK International Examination Department, said that in 2017, the number of HSK students in the Philippines was more than 25,000. Philippines has become one of the countries with the largest number of HSK candidates.
办留学就业展，希望菲汉语学习者有机会和中国一流高校老师面对面交流，同时扩大中国著名高校海外生源；邀请在菲的中资企业参展，希望为来华留学生提供毕业后就业选择。	By holding Studying Abroad and Employment Exhibition, we hope that learners of Chinese language in Philippines will have the opportunity to meet with Chinese top-ranking university teachers face-to-face, and meanwhile expand the overseas students sources for famous universities in China; invite Chinese-funded enterprises in the Philippines to participate in the exhibition, and hope to provide post-graduation employment options for international overseas student coming to China.
菲律宾首都教育局副局长TOLENTINO AQUINO致辞表示，马尼拉地区的公立学校多开设了汉语课程，随着菲中关系进入史上最佳时期，汉语已成为非常有用的技能，中国著名高等院校来菲招生，定会推动两国的教育合作。	TOLENTINO AQUINO, Deputy Director of the Philippines Capital Education Bureau, made a speech and said that the public schools in Manila have opened more Chinese courses. As the Philippines-China relationship entered the best period in history, Chinese has become a very useful skill. Chinese famous colleges and universities have come to Philippines to recruit students, which will definitely promote education cooperation between the two countries.
参加当天汉语水平考试的，有来自大马尼拉地区十所学校1304名考生以及社会考生25名，他们分别报考HSK二至六级考试。	Among those who took the HSK on that day, there were 1,304 candidates from 10 schools in the Greater Manila area and 25 candidates from the society. They applied for HSK Levels 2-6 tests.
清华大学招生办刘禹廷老师告诉中新社记者，不少菲律宾学生有备而来，对清华经济管理、计算机、医学专业表现出兴趣。	Teacher Liu Yuting from Tsinghua University Admissions Office told the China News Service reporters that many Filipino students were well prepared, and they showed interests in Tsinghua’s economic management, computer science and medicine majors.
他介绍，HSK成绩达到五级以上的菲籍学生，可以登陆该校官网进行网申。	He introduced that Filipino students with HSK Levels above five can log into school’s official website to make online application.
中新社记者在西南财经大学展位看到，不到十点已经有14位学生留下了报考意向。	The reporters of the China News Service saw at the booth of Southwestern University of Finance and Economics that 14 students had left their application intent letters before 10 o’clock.
负责招生的白巧燕老师介绍，该校有六类奖学金提供给海外留学生，其中最高的中国国家政府奖学金(博士类 ) ， 免缴学费，提供住宿，每月有3500元生活费。	Bai Qiaoyan, who is in charge of enrollment, said that the school has six types of scholarships for overseas students, the highest of which is the Chinese Government Scholarship (PhD), which is free of tuition fees, provides accommodation, and has a monthly living allowance of 3,500 yuan.
中国海洋大学国际教育学院院长秦尚海告诉记者，海洋科学、海洋生物、海洋地质、水产养殖、海洋生物资源利用等是该校的特色学科。	Qin Shanghai, Dean of the Ocean University of China’s International Education College, told reporters that marine science, marine organism, marine geology, aquaculture, and utilization of marine bio-resource are the distinctive majors of the school.
中国有很长的海岸线，菲律宾是万岛之国，海洋科学研究有需求、可互补。	China has a very long coastline, and the Philippines is the country of thousands islands. Both countries have needs on marine scientific research and can make complementaries.
同济大学留学生办禹昱主任介绍，同济大学有好几个专业在世界排名靠前，其中土木工程、海洋、经管等专业和菲律宾需求对接。	Yu Ying, Director of Tongji University International Student Office, introduced that Tongji University has several majors rank higher in the world, including civil engineering, marine, economic management and other majors, these majors can meet the needs of Philippine universities.
目前已有4位菲律宾学生在该校留学。	There are currently 4 Filipino students studying at the school.
现场招聘的中资企业，都是在菲耕耘多年的知名企业。	The Chinese-funded enterprises recruited on the spot are well-known enterprises that have been operating in Philippines for many years.
南方航空当天就收到了三份简历。	Southern Airlines received three resumes on the same day.
中国电建菲律宾代表处招聘的岗位有公司文员、电厂现场管理、电厂建设工程师等。	The positions recruited by the Representative Office of Power Construction Corporation of China include company clerk, power plant site management, and power plant construction engineers.
“希望菲律宾学生有针对性地去中国学习，比如学习中国的电焊技术，回来参加国家的‘大建特建’计划，就业机会会很好 ” ， 该代表处赵长杰建议说。	"I hope that Filipino students will go to China to study in a targeted manner, such as learning China’s electric welding technology, and coming back to participate in the national "Build Build Build" program, and the employment opportunities will be very good", Zhao Changjie from the Representative office suggested.
美国战舰再度逼近中国南海岛礁	U.S. warships approached the South China Sea islands and reefs again
美国官员周日（2018年9月30日）透露，美国海军驱逐舰USS Decatur在中国十一国庆节前夕驶入北京宣称有主权的南海岛屿附近海域。	U.S. officials revealed on Sunday (September 30, 2018) that the United States Navy destroyer, USS Decatur, cruised into the waters near the South China Sea islands over which Beijing had sovereignty on the eve of Chinese National Day Holiday.
据中央社30日综合外电报道，据要求匿名的美国官员透露，美国驱逐舰USS Decatur驶入了南沙群岛南薰礁（Gaven Reef）和赤瓜礁（Johnson Reef）12海里范围内。	According to the comprehensive foreign reports of the Central News Agency, the U.S. official who requested anonymity revealed that the United States Navy destroyer, USS Decatur, cruised into the 12 nautical mile territorial limit of Gaven Reef and Johnson Reef of the Nansha Islands.
这名官员表示，美方执行例行ˎ定期的自由航行任务，与过去所做的一样，未来也还会继续这么做。	This official said that the American side preformed routine and regular free-running tasks. As what they had done in the past, they would continue to do so in the future.
报道还说，美国总统特朗普指责北京企图干预美国国会选举，代表华盛顿对北京施压的做法进入新阶段。	It was also reported that the U.S. President Trump accused Beijing of trying to intervene in U.S. congressional elections, and he would pressure Beijing on behalf of Washington to a new stage.
在此之前的今年5月份，美国海军也有两艘军舰进入中国宣称拥有主权的南海岛屿附近海域。	Previously in May this year, two warships of the United States Navy had also entered the waters near the South China Sea islands, which China had sovereignty over.
来自华盛顿的评论认为，在中美关系紧张之际，此举可能激怒中国。	Comments from Washington considered that the move could irritate China on the occasion that the relations between China and the United States were strained.
路透华盛顿11月5日 - 美国周一重启对伊朗的石油和金融业的制裁，对伊朗加大施压，以限制伊朗的导弹与核计划，遏制伊朗在中东地区日益增强的军事和政治影响。	Report of Reuters on November 5 in Washington: The United States restarted sanctions on Iran's oil and financial industries on Monday and increased pressure on Iran to limit Iran's missile and nuclear program and curb Iran's growing military and political influence in the Middle East.
这一举措将恢复美国根据2015年伊核协议解除的制裁，并新增伊朗石油、船运、保险和银行业的300个制裁对象。	This action would restore the sanctions lifted by the United States under the Iranian nuclear agreement in 2015 and add 300 new targets to Iran's oil, shipping, insurance and banking industries.
制裁细节将在1330GMT的记者会上，由国务卿蓬佩奥(Mike Pompeo)和财长努钦(Steven Mnuchin)公布。	The details of the sanctions would be announced by the Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and the Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in the 1330GMT media session.
美国表示，将暂时允许八个进口地继续购买伊朗石油，其中包括中国、印度、韩国、日本和土耳其等伊朗石油主要买家，以确保原油价格保持稳定。	The United States said that it would temporarily allow eight importing places to continue purchasing Iranian oil, including major Iranian oil buyers such as China, India, South Korea, Japan and Turkey, to ensure that crude oil prices remained stable.
美国官员表示，这些国家将把支付给伊朗的资金放在一个托管帐户中。	American officials said that these countries would put the funds paid to Iran in a custody account.
日前，教育部办公厅印发《关于全国校外培训机构专项治理行动整改工作进展情况的通报 》 ， 截至2018年10月15日，全国共摸排校外培训机构400532所，存在问题机构272175所，现已完成整改83510所，完成整改率30.68 % 。	A few days ago, the General Office of the Ministry of Education issued the "Bulletin on the progress of the rectification work of the special governance action for the nationwide off-campus training institutions". By October 15, 2018, 400,532 off-campus training institutions have been investigated, 272,175 institutions have problems, and 83,510 institutions have been rectified, with a rectification rate of 30.68%.
黑龙江省发现问题的机构数有6611所，已整改2178所，完成整改率达32.95 % 。	There are 6,611 institutions in Heilongjiang Province which have found problems, 2,178 institutions of which have been rectified, with a rectification rate of 32.95%.
据悉，当前我国校外培训机构专项治理工作进入全面整改阶段，根据国务院办公厅印发的《关于规范校外培训机构发展的意见 》精神，为切实做好校外培训机构专项治理整改工作，确保年底前完成整改任务，各省级教育行政部门依标研判完善台帐加快整改，县级教育行政部门在前期摸底排查和初步整改的基础上，按照本省级校外培训机构设置标准，对培训机构进一步逐一对标研判，完善整改台帐，下达整改通知书，明确整改具体事项和时间表，推进加快整改进程，实行整改台账销号制度。	It is reported that the special governance of nationwide off-campus training institutions has currently entered a comprehensive rectification stage. According to the spirit of "Opinions on standardizing the development of off-campus training institutions" issued by the General Office of the State Council, in order to practically do well on the special governance and rectification of off-campus training institutions and ensure the completion of the rectification mission by the end of the year, the provincial education administrative departments have studied and judged according to the standard, improved their account books, and accelerated the rectification. Based on the early investigation and preliminary rectification, the country-level education administrative departments further studies and judges in benchmarking the training institutions one by one, improves the rectified account books, issues the notice of rectification, clarifies the specific items and timetable for rectification, advances the process of rectification, and implements the cancellation system of rectified account books according to the setting standard of the provincial off-campus training institutions.
符合设置标准或经整改验收合格的纳入白名单，并及时对社会公布。	The institutions which meet the setting standard or are qualified after rectification and acceptance shall be included in the white list and shall be published to the public in time.
为防止误导家长学生、杜绝超前超标培训和虚假宣传，应本着简洁、直观、准确、规范的原则，根据学生所处年级和参训学科，命名学科类培训班名称，各培训机构要尽快将所办培训班的名称、培训内容、招生对象、进度安排、上课时间等报县级教育部门备案审核，县级教育部门应及时完成备案审核工作并向社会公布。	In order to prevent misleading parents and students, and to stop advancing and over-standard training and false propaganda, we should name the academic training classes according to the grade and the subjects the students participating in based on the principles of simplicity, intuition, accuracy and standardization. All training institutions should report the names, training contents, enrollees, schedules and class time of the training classes to the country-level education departments for archival filing and examination as soon as possible. The country-level education departments should timely complete the work of archival filing and examination and publish it to the public.
未通过备案审核的班次不得招生培训。	The classes that have not passed the archival filing and examination shall not enroll for training.
严格掌握教师资格条件从事语文、数学、英语及物理、化学、生物等学科知识类培训的教师应具有相应教师资格。	The conditions of teaching qualifications should be strictly controlled. The teachers who work on the academic training of Chinese, mathematics, English, physics, chemistry, biology and other disciplines should have corresponding qualifications.
福建省防汛办30日通报，鉴于今年第24号台风“潭美”对福建沿海及海域影响基本结束，根据《福建省防汛防台风应急预案 》 ， 于30日10时终止防台风应急响应，各相关地区可适时恢复正常生产生活秩序。	On 30th, Fujian Flood Prevention Office reported, in view of the fact that the impact of this year’s No. 24 Typhoon Trami on the coast and the sea area of Fujian was basically over, and according to the "Fujian Province Flood Control and Anti-typhoon Emergency Plan", the anti-typhoon emergency response was terminated at 10:00 on the 30th. The relevant areas can resume normal production and living order in a timely manner.
台风“潭美”于29日中午开始转向，沿东北方向移动，逐渐远离福建省，30日8时台风中心位于距日本鹿儿岛南偏东方向约140公里洋面上。	Typhoon Trami began to change direction at noon on the 29th, moving in the northeast direction, and gradually away from Fujian Province. At 8 o’clock on the 30th, the center of typhoon was located about 140 kilometers south by east of Kagoshima, Japan.
由此，福建省气象台30日8时解除“海上大风预警Ⅲ级 ” 。	As a result, the Fujian Provincial Meteorological Observatory released the "Grade III of Marine Wind Warning" at 8:00 on the 30th.
此前，为防范台风“潭美 ” ， 截至28日11时统计，福建已撤离268艘渔船，转移渔排上老弱妇幼人员2282人。	Before then, in order to prevent Typhoon Trami, as of 11:00 on the 28th, Fujian had evacuated 268 fishing boats and transferred 2,282 old and weak women and children.
中越边境河口口岸举行国门升旗仪式庆祝国庆节	A gateway flag-raising ceremony is held in Hekou port on China-Vietnam boarder to celebrate the National Day.
“ 想不到在边疆有这么威严壮观的升旗仪式，比在内地观看升旗还要令人震撼 。 ”	"I didn't expect to see such a spectacular flag-raising ceremony on the frontier. It is more amazing to watch the flag-raising here than in the mainland. "
1日上午，从四川来到中越边境云南河口口岸旅游的张先生，和500余名部队官兵、驻地民众、中外游客共同观看了国门升旗仪式，庆祝中华人民共和国成立69周年。	In the morning of October 1, Mr Zhang, who came from Sichuan to visit Hekou port in Yunnan on China-Vietnam boarder, watched the gateway flag-raising ceremony together with more than 500 army officers and soldiers, local people, and Chinese and foreign tourists to celebrate the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
河口口岸是中越边境云南段最大的口岸，位于云南省红河州河口县，与越南老街市隔河相望，属国家一类口岸。	Hekou port is the biggest port on China-Vietnam boarder in Yunnan. It is located in Hekou county in Honghe Prefecture in Yunnan Province with just a river away from Lao Cai City in Vietnam. It is a first-class national port.
随着国家“一带一路”建设的不断深化，作为中国连接东南亚最便捷的通道之一，河口口岸出入境流量稳步增长。	With the continuous enhancement of "One Belt and One Road" construction in China, as one of the most convenient passage connecting China and Southeast Asia, Hekou port has a steady growth of departure and entry flow.
当日清晨7时30分，阳光刚刚露出一角，河口口岸限定区域早早集结了前来观看升旗仪式的河口当地民众和中外游客。	At 7:30 in the early morning of the same day, a ray of sunshine just showed in the sky. The local people and Chinese and foreign tourists had gathered in the restricted areas in Hekou port very early to watch the flag-raising ceremony.
7时45分，升旗仪式准时开始，河口边防检查站国门仪仗队队员精神抖擞，迈着矫健的步伐护送国旗走向升旗台。	At 7:45, the flag-raising ceremony started on time. The members of gateway honor guard of Hekou Frontier Inspection Station were in high spirits and walked with vigorous steps escorting the national flag to the flag tower.
在指挥员下达升旗指令后，升旗手奋力挥臂划出一道弧线，鲜艳的五星红旗如同“雄鹰展翅”一般舒展开旗面，伴随国歌激昂雄壮的旋律缓缓升起。	After the flag-raising command made by the commander, the flag raiser waved his arm hard to draw an arc. The bright five-star red flag stretched out like an "eagle stretching its wings", and rose slowly with the melody of the majestic and impassioned national anthem.
“在每个元旦、春节、国庆等具有重大意义的时间节点举行国庆升旗仪式，不仅展现了中国形象，还能激发边疆各族民众的爱国情怀 。 ”	"It not only shows China's image, but also inspires the patriotism among people of all nationalities in border areas to held a flag-raising ceremony on every New Year's day, Spring Festival, National Day, and other time nodes of great significance. "
参加此次升旗仪式的仪仗队官兵如是说道。	A member of the honor guard taking part in this flag-raising ceremony said.
据悉，负责河口口岸升旗仪式的国门仪仗队由来自河口边防检查站各个岗位的40余名官兵组成，从3人的升旗小组到成规模的仪仗队，这支队伍已经历了60多年的历史，自组建以来执行国家级外事活动礼兵任务70余场次。	It is reported that the gateway honor guard taking charge of flag-raising ceremony in Hekou port is made up of more than 40 officials and soldiers coming from various positions of Hekou Frontier Inspection Station. From a 3-member flag-raising team to a large-scale honor guard, it has developed in more than 60 years. Since its establishment, it has performed more than 70 national-level tasks in foreign affairs as the honor guard.
新修订的个人所得税法将中国个人所得税居民纳税人判定标准由满一年调整为满183天。	The newly revised Individual Income Tax Law will adjust the criterion for resident taxpayers of China’s Individual Income Tax Law from one year to 183 days.
中国财政部、国家税务总局有关负责人30日表示，为保持政策稳定性，下一步在落实新个人所得税法时，将考虑继续对境外人士包括港澳台人士作出优惠安排。	On 30th, the relevant principals from the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China and State Administration of Taxation said that in order to maintain the stability of the policy, the next step in implementing the new Individual Income Tax Law will consider continuing to make preferential arrangements for foreigners, including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
负责人表示，现行个人所得税法实施条例对境外人士纳税问题有特殊优惠规定，在中国境内无住所但是居住一年以上五年以下的个人，其来源于中国境外的所得，可以只就由中国境内单位或者个人支付的部分缴纳个人所得税。	The principals expressed that the current effective Individual Income Tax Law’s enforcement regulations have special preferential provisions for taxation issues for foreigners. For individuals who do not have a residence in China but have lived for more than one year and less than five years and earn incomes from outside China, their part of the payment by domestic units or individuals is subject to individual income tax.
境外支付的部分不需要在中国境内缴纳个人所得税。	The portion of the overseas payment does not need to pay personal income tax in China.
中国财政部、国家税务总局、国家发改委、商务部还发布通知，扩大境外投资者以分配利润直接投资暂不征收预提所得税政策适用范围。	The Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China, the State Administration of Taxation, the National Development and Reform Commission, and the Ministry of Commerce also issued notices to expand the scope of application of no withholding income tax policy for overseas investors with distribution of profit investment.
对境外投资者从中国境内居民企业分配的利润，用于境内直接投资暂不征收预提所得税政策的适用范围，由外商投资鼓励类项目扩大至所有非禁止外商投资的项目和领域。	For the profit distributed by overseas investors from domestic enterprises in China used for the scope of application of no withholding income tax policy for domestic direct investment, the foreign investment encouraged projects should be extended to all non-prohibited foreign investment projects and fields.
第73届联合国大会期间，各方围绕朝鲜半岛问题释放了一些积极信息。	During the 73rd United Nations General Assembly, the parties released some positive information for the Korean Peninsula issue.
韩国总统文在寅转述了朝方“不可逆转”的弃核决心，并表示美国总统特朗普和朝鲜最高领导人金正恩可能在今年年底前见面。	South Korean President Moon Jae-in related the "irreversible" denuclearisation determination as told by the DPRK and said that US President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un may meet before the end of this year.
美国国务院随后称，国务卿蓬佩奥将于10月访问朝鲜，以推动落实美朝领导人新加坡会晤承诺。	The US State Department subsequently stated that Secretary of State Pompeo will visit the DPRK in October to promote the implementation of the US-DPRK leadership meeting in Singapore.
从今年年初至今，朝韩打破坚冰开启对话之路，朝韩、朝美领导人举行会晤，半岛局势缓和的大趋势保持延续，对话解决半岛问题的原则也得以坚持。	From the beginning of this year to the present, the DPRK and the ROK broke the ice and opened the dialogue, and the DPRK - ROK and the DPRK-US leaders held meetings. The general trend of the easing of the peninsula has been continued, and the dialogue’s principle of solving the peninsula issue has also been adhered to.
首先 ， “ 半岛问题的本质是安全问题”这一点没有变,实现半岛和平，关键是妥善、平衡解决好各方的合理安全关切，而不是一味向对方施压、一味强调己方诉求。	First of all, the fact that "the essence of the peninsula issue is a security issue" has not changed. The key to realizing peace on the peninsula is to resolve the reasonable security concerns of all parties in a proper and balance manner, instead of putting pressure on the other side and stressing own demands.
其次，在实现半岛无核化的对话中，有关各方就实现半岛无核化的步骤和方式分歧犹在,由于朝美之间长期缺乏政治信任 ， “ 谁先谁后”的博弈思维依旧浓厚。	Secondly, in the dialogue to realize the denuclearization of the peninsula, the parties concerned are still divided on the steps and ways to realize the denuclearization of the peninsula. Due to the long-term lack of political trust between the DPRK and the United States, the game thinking of "who is first and who is second" is still strong.
日前在纽约联合国总部召开的安理会朝鲜半岛问题公开会上，各方围绕对朝制裁问题发出的不同声音，再次凸显了半岛问题上这两点“没有变 ” 。	At the public meeting of the UN Security Council Korean Peninsula issue held at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, the different voices of the parties around the issue of sanctions against the DPRK once again highlighted the two points on the peninsula that have not changed.
美国国务卿蓬佩奥坚持，在朝鲜半岛完全实现无核化之前，对朝鲜的制裁不会取消。	Pompeo, US Secretary of State, insisted that sanctions against North Korea will not be lifted until the Korean Peninsula is fully denuclearized.
而俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫则强调了“要以行动回应行动”的原则，他指出 ： “ 制裁的削弱趋势应该与朝鲜在逐步弃核道路上迈出的步伐相同步 ” 。	Lavrov, Russian Foreign Minister, stressed the principle of "responding to action by action". He pointed out: "The weakening trend of sanctions should be in synchronization with the pace taken by North Korea on the road of gradual denuclearization."
毫无疑问，有关各方应当继续全面、完整、准确地执行安理会涉朝决议，但施压不是目的，执行制裁和推动政治解决都是安理会决议的要求，二者不可偏废，不可只选其一。	Undoubtedly, all parties concerned should continue to implement the North Korea related resolutions of the UN Security Council in a comprehensive, complete and accurate manner. However, pressuring is not an end. The implementation of sanctions and the promotion of a political settlement are all requirements of the UN Security Council resolutions. The two cannot be neglected, and cannot only choose one
正如中国国务委员兼外长王毅所言，鉴于朝韩、朝美关系当前的积极进展，中方认为安理会有必要考虑适时启动可逆条款，从而鼓励朝鲜及有关各方朝着无核化方向迈出更大的步伐。	As Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said, in view of the current positive developments in the DPRK-ROK and DPRK-US relations, China believes that it is necessary for the UN Security Council to consider launching reversible clauses in a timely manner, thereby encouraging North Korea and relevant parties to take a big move toward denuclearization.
回顾过去，半岛无核化及和平进程中的每一次进展，都需要各方展现足够的政治勇气。	Review the past, every development in the denuclearization of the peninsula and in the peace process requires the parties to demonstrate sufficient political courage.
当前，面对国际社会对推动政治解决半岛问题越来越高的期待，有关各方尤应展现政治魄力、作出政治决断，落实承诺、化解难题，持续迈出相向而行的步伐，并行推进半岛无核化进程与建立半岛和平机制，共同开创半岛的永久和平。	At present, in the face of the international community’s increasingly high expectations for promoting a political solution to the peninsula issue, all parties concerned should demonstrate political courage, make political decisions, implement commitments, resolve problems, and continue to take the opposite direction and advance peninsula denuclearization process and establish a peace mechanism on the peninsula to jointly create a permanent peace on the peninsula.
山西省临汾市吉县人民政府1日传来消息称，国庆节期间，位于该县的黄河壶口瀑布景区将保持比较高的水位，不具备开放条件。	A message from Ji County People's Government in Linfen City in Shanxi Province on October 1 indicated that the scenic areas of Hukou Falls of Yellow River located in this county would maintain higher levels of water during the National Day holiday, so it didn't meet the requirements to be open to the public.
为确保安全，国庆节期间景区暂时关闭。	In order to ensure the safety, the scenic areas will be temporarily closed during the National Day holiday.
黄河壶口瀑布是中国第二大瀑布，世界上最大的黄色瀑布。	Hukou Falls of Yellow River is the second biggest fall in China, and the biggest yellow fall in the world.
黄河奔流至此，两岸石壁峭立，河口收束狭如壶口，形成“千里黄河一壶收”的气概。	The Yellow River flows here at great speed, and the stone walls on both sides are rising steeply. The river mouth becomes narrow like the spout of kettle, forming the situation that "a thousand miles of Yellow River seems like to be collected into a kettle".
据记者了解，每年6月―10月是黄河汛期，从2018年7月12日开始，由于黄河高水位，山西黄河壶口景区就开始陆续关闭，因此壶口景区关闭累计已经近一个月。	The reporter learned that the flood season of yellow river would come in every June to October. Due to high levels of water, the scenic areas of Hukou Falls of Yellow River in Shanxi Province had been closed one after another since July 12, 2018. Therefore, according to the accumulative calculation, Hukou scenic areas had been closed for nearly a month.
壶口风景区管委会总工程师倪宇峰对媒体表示，这是近20年来，黄河高水位延续时间最长的一次 ， “ 之前没有关过这么久，2017年我们汛期关闭时间是4天，今年是近一个月 。 ”	Ni Yufeng, the chief engineer of Hukou Scenic Areas Management Committee, said to the media that it was the longest time for the Yellow River to keep high levels of water during the past 20 years. "It hasn't been closed for such a long time. We closed it for four days in the flood season in 2017. However, it has been closed for nearly a month. "
据了解，山西黄河壶口瀑布景区原本为了迎接“十一”黄金周，还提前增加了人员安排以及车辆维护，甚至临时工作人员聘用等都已到位。	It was learned that the scenic areas of Hukou Falls of Yellow River in Shanxi Province had originally arranged extra staff and vehicle maintenance in advance in order to be well-prepared for the "National Day" golden week, and even the temporary staff had been hired.
据“黄河防汛抗旱总指挥部办公室明传电报”下发的《关于做好国庆节期间黄河防汛工作的通知》显示，要求青海、甘肃、宁夏、内蒙古、山西、陕西、河南、山东省做好国庆节期间黄河防汛工作。	According to the "Notice on Being Well-prepared for the Flood Control in the Yellow River during the National Day Holiday" issued in the "Office Telegram of Yellow River Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters", Qinghai, Gansu, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Henan, Shandong were required to be well-prepared for the flood control in the Yellow River during the National Day holiday.
当前，黄河干流河道流量较大，上游河道流量维持在2000―3000立方米每秒，中游河道流量维持在2500―3500立方米每秒，下游河道流量维持在3000立方米每秒量级。	Currently, the flow of the main stream of the Yellow River is relatively large. The upstream river flow is maintained at 2000-3000 cubic meters per second, the midstream river flow is maintained at 2500―3500 cubic meters per second, and the downstream river flow is maintained at 3000 cubic meters per second.
卫生中心及卫生站特别於国庆假期提供流感疫苗接种服务	The health center and the health station specially provide influenza vaccination services during the National Day Holidays
卫生局今年订购了15万剂2018-2019年四价流感疫苗，现阶段优先供高危人士免费接种，为方便居民假期时接种流感疫苗，卫生局辖下各卫生中心及卫生站特别於国庆假期（10月1及2日）早上9时至中午1时提供接种服务。	The health station has ordered 150,000 doses of the 2018-2019 four-strain flu vaccine this year and at this stage, free vaccination is preferentially provided for high-risk people. To facilitate the citizens to vaccinate with flu vaccine during the holiday, all the health centers and health stations under the Health Bureau will specially provide vaccination services from 9 am to 1 pm during the National Day Holidays ( October 1 through 2).
除上述便民措施外，卫生局辖下各卫生中心及卫生站自推出计划後，已延长周一至五的流感疫苗接种服务时间至晚上8时，截至9月30日下午4时，已为4,158人接种，与去年同期的3,714人多。	In addition to the above-mentioned convenience measures, all the health centers and health stations under the Health Bureau have extended their influenza vaccination service time to 8 pm from Monday to Friday. By 4 pm on September 30, 4,158 people had been vaccinated, which was more than that of the same period last year for 3,714 people.
免费接种对象包括以下澳门居民：6个月至18岁以下、50岁及以上人士、怀孕妇女、所有慢性病患者，包括肥胖人士（即身体质量指数BMI为30或以上者 ） ， 以及院舍、托儿所、幼稚园、小学、中学的工作人员，所有卫生工作者，以及在博彩娱乐场工作的澳门居民。	Free vaccination objects include the following Macao residents: people under the age of 6 months to 18 years, people at the age of 50 and above, pregnant women, all patients with chronic diseases (including fat people, namely, the persons whose body mass index (BMI) is 30 or more), staff of institutions, nurseries, kindergartens, primary schools and middle schools, all the health workers and the Macao residents who work in the casino.
同时，卫生局认为有必要接种的其他人员，包括公共部门，卫生局将主动联络有关机构取得名单後由卫生中心安排接种。	Meanwhile, for the other people who are considered to be necessary to vaccinate by the Health Bureau, including the personnel of the public sectors, the Health Bureau will take the initiative to contact the relevant authorities to obtain the list and then the health centers will arrange them for vaccination.
为方便接种者及减省轮候接种时间，卫生局将在今年10月至12月期间派出医护人员到本澳中学、小学、幼稚园及托儿所，为幼儿、中小幼学生、教师及员工等进行集体接种流感疫苗；此外，卫生局亦会安排人员到老人和残障院舍、人数较多的公共部门或其他机构等进行集体接种。	To facilitate the vaccinees and reduce the waiting time for vaccination, the Health Bureau will send medical staff to Macao middle schools, primary schools, kindergartens and nurseries from October to December to perform collective influenza vaccination to the children, students, teachers and staff; in addition, the Health Bureau will also arrange staff to go to the institutions of the elderly and disabled, public sectors or other institutions with a large number of people to perform collective influenza vaccination.
如未能参加集体接种的学生及幼儿，可於2018年12月3日起持澳门居民身份证、卫生局使用者卡、流感疫苗接种卡(如有 ) 、 学生证、员工证或职业证明文件到仁伯爵综合医院接种站或卫生中心接种。	Students and children who fail to participate in the collective vaccination can take Macao resident identity cards, user cards of the Health Bureau, influenza vaccination cards (if any), student identity cards, employee identity cards or occupational certificates to the vaccination station of the Centro Hospitalar Conde de São Januário or health centers from December 3, 2018.
卫生局提醒居民，在2017年9月至2018年8月期间，曾接种2017至2018流感疫苗的人士，在2018年9月起仍需再接种新一季流感疫苗，因2018-2019年北半球流感疫苗含有的流感抗原成份已更新，其针对的是北半球2018-2019年冬季及2019年夏季季节性流感。	The Health Bureau reminds residents that people who vaccinated with the 2017-2018 flu vaccine during September 2017 and August 2018 still need to vaccinate with the new seasonal flu vaccine from September 2018, since the flu antigen composition of 2018-2019 flu vaccine in the Northern Hemisphere has been updated , which is targeted at the seasonal influenza in winter of 2018-2019 and summer of 2019 in the Northern Hemisphere.
澳门的流感高峰期一般在每年的1至3月出现，比温带地区（如中国北方和日本）较迟，卫生局呼吁老人、儿童、孕妇、肥胖人士及慢性病人等感染流感後较易出现并发症的高危人士及经常接触高危人士者应尽早接种疫苗。	The peak of influenza in Macao usually occurs from January till March every year, later than that of the temperate regions (such as Northern China and Japan). The Health Bureau urges the elderly, children, pregnant women, fat people and chronic patients who are at high risk of complications after being infected with influenza and people who are in regular contact with high-risk people to get vaccinated as soon as possible.
中新网9月30日电 NBA卫冕冠军勇士队今天上午主场与森林狼展开激战，夏天加入森林狼的罗尔•邓用一记关键补篮帮助球队从客场带走一场胜利。	ECNS, September 30 -- The Warriors, NBA defending champion, had a fierce battle with the Timberwolves at home this morning. Luol Deng, who joined the Timberwolves this summer, helped his team win on the road with a critical tip shot.
首节，森林狼率先赢得球权，罗斯抛投命中全场第一球。	The Timberwolves took the first to win the ball in the first quarter, and Rose hit the first ball.
勇士队琼斯空接暴扣回应。	Jones of the Warriors responded with a lob dunk.
随后，库里杜兰特纷纷远投命中，罗斯与蒂格也手感火热，双方展开对飚。	Later, Curry and Durant took consecutive long shots. Rose and Teague also kept their hot hands. The two teams entered the fierce battle.
首节结束，勇士36：37森林狼。	At the end of the first quarter, the Warriors lost 36-37 against the Timberwolves.
第二节，轮换阵容登场，两队命中率都有下降。	The hit rates of the two teams both dropped after the player rotation in the second quarter.
勇士凭借几次篮下得分反超比分。	With several layups, the Warriors took the lead.
随后他们又打出一波8：1的小高潮拉开比分。	Then, they extended the lead again at 8-1 setting off a small climax.
森林狼靠着蒂格和唐斯的得分维系。	The Timberwolves relied on Teague and Towns to make the basket.
半场战罢，勇士71：65森林狼。	At the end of the first half, the Warriors won 71-65 against the Timberwolves.
易边再战，勇士一波5：0打停森林狼。	After changing the courts, the Warriors made the score 5-0 at one fling forcing the Timberwolves to call a timeout.
暂停回来，勇士一直保持着十分左右的领先。	After the timeout, the Warriors kept about 10 points ahead.
第三节后半段替补阵容的对决中，森林狼开始追分。	During the confrontation of substitutes in the latter part of the third quarter, the Timberwolves started catching up.
一波16:3的小高潮后，森林狼94：92反超勇士结束第三节。	After a small climax at 16-3, the Timberwolves surpassed the Warriors at 94-92 to finish the third quarter.
第四节比赛，森林狼上来又是一波6:0拉开比分差距，而勇士德里克森命中两记3分帮助球队止住颓势。	In the fourth quarter, the Timberwolves extended the lead again at 6-0, while Derrickson of the Warriors hit two three-point shots to help his team stop the declining tendency.
决胜阶段，森林狼新援罗尔•邓连拿6分并命中关键补篮，最终，森林狼以114：110战胜勇士。	At the decisive stage, Luol Deng, the new recruit of the Timberwolves, had 6 points in succession and hit the critical tip shot. Ultimately, the Timberwolves defeated the Warriors 114-110.
数据方面，库里出场20分钟得到21分4个助攻，汤普森三分球4中3得到17分，杜兰特16分，德里克森替补登场拿下10分。	On the data front, Curry played 20 minutes with 21 points and 4 assists, Thompson had 17 points with 3 of 4 from 3-point range, Durant had 16 points, and Derrickson had 10 points as a substitute.
森林狼队6人得分上双，蒂格得到17分，罗斯16分，托利弗15分，唐斯12分，维金斯11分。	6 players of the Timberwolves had more than 10 points, including Teague of 17 points, Rose of 16 points, Tolliver of 15 points, Towns of 12 points, and Wiggins of 11 points.
记者29日晚从成都市青白江区委宣传部获悉：北京时间9月29日晚，一列满载着汽车连接器、望远镜、液晶显示屏等货物的中欧班列(成都)经由波兰谢米亚努夫卡口岸进行换装，转关，最终抵达德国纽伦堡。	On the evening of September 29th, the reporter learned from the Propaganda Department of Qingbaijiang District Committee of Chengdu: on the evening of September 29th, Beijing time, a Central European train (Chengdu) loaded with automotive connector, telescopes, LCD screens and other goods passed through Poland’s Siemianówka port to change and make customs transfer, and finally arrived at Nuremberg, Germany.
这是国内中欧班列首次开通波兰谢米亚努夫卡口岸线路，标志着中欧班列继马拉、乔普后，成功开通又一条欧洲运输线路。	This is the first time that the China-Europe Train has opened the route of the Siemianówka port in Poland, which marks the successful opening of another China-Europe Train Europe transportation route after Malaszewicze and Tschop.
此趟中欧班列于9月14日由成都青白江城厢站始发，经阿拉山口出境，经由波兰谢米亚努夫卡口岸进入欧洲，最终到达德国纽伦堡，全程共计约16天。	On the 14th of September, the China-Europe Train was dispatched from Chengdu Qingbaijiang Chengxiang Station, left the country through Alataw Pass, entered Europe via the Poland’s Siemianówka port, and finally arrived in Nuremberg, Germany, with a total of about 16 days.
中欧班列去程首次在此进行班列宽轨和标轨的换装作业。	For the first time, the China-Europe Train will carry out the reloading operation of the broad gauge and standard gauge.
此次口岸的开辟，有效地解决了目前马拉口岸拥堵造成的长时间作业和长时间等问题，提升了班列运输时效；并为马拉口岸拥堵问题提供了新的解决方案，进一步提高了中国西部腹地到欧洲地中海市场的运载能力与运输效率，为中欧班列开对欧洲市场的开拓打下了坚实基础。	The opening of the port effectively solved the long-term operation and long-term problems caused by the current congestion at the Malaszewicze port, improved the time limit of the train transportation, and provided new solutions for the congestion problem at the Malaszewicze port, which further improved the carrying capacity and transport efficiency of the western China interior to the European Mediterranean market and laid a solid foundation for the development of the European market by the China-Europe Train.
印尼苏拉威西岛周五发生7.5级地震，目前已有400多人确认死亡，其中很多人被地震引发的海啸波卷走。	A 7.5 magnitude earthquake occurred in the Indonesian Sulawesi on Friday. More than 400 people have currently been confirmed dead. Among them, many people have been swept away by tsunami waves triggered by the earthquake.
当局预计随着偏远地区报告新的数据，周日死亡总人数将大幅增加。	The authority predicts that as the remote area reports new data, the total deaths will increase greatly on Sunday.
据报导有数十人仍被困在巴鲁市一座酒店和一个购物中心的废墟之下。	It is reported that dozens of people are still trapped beneath the ruins of a hotel and a shopping mall in Palu.
地震引发的高达六米(20英尺)的大浪袭击了巴鲁市。	The waves in six meters (20 feet) high triggered by the earthquake hit Palu.
目前为止只有来自巴鲁的死亡人数，巴鲁北方的栋格拉的死亡人数报告得很慢，当局正在为出现更糟糕的情况做准备。	So far, only deaths from Palu have been reported. The death toll in Donggala, north of Palu, is reported slowly. The authority is preparing for a worse situation.
栋格拉居住人口为30万，更接近这次地震的震中。	Donggala has a resident population of 300,000 and is located more close to the epicenter of this earthquake.
印尼副总统卡拉称，死亡总人数可能升至数以千计。	Kalla, the Vice-President of Indonesia, said that the total deaths might rise by the thousand.
在周五黄昏巨浪冲击海岸时，有数百人聚集在海滩庆祝节日，很多人被巨浪冲走，巨浪所到之处一切尽毁。	Hundreds of people gathered on the beach to celebrate the festival when the huge waves hit the coast at dusk on Friday. Many people were swept away by the huge waves, which destroyed everything wherever they went.
路透东京10月1日 - 日本央行周一公布的短观调查季报显示，9月当季日本大型制造业者的信心触及逾一年以来最低水平，原因是原材料成本上涨以及一系列自然灾害影响生产，让企业感受到了压力。	Report of Reuters on October 1 in Tokyo: A quarterly Tankan survey report released by the Bank of Japan on Monday showed that the confidence of Japanese major manufacturers hit its lowest level in more than a year for that season in September, as raw material costs rose and a series of natural disasters affected production, putting pressure on enterprises.
本次调查几乎未显示，不断升级的全球贸易摩擦打击了大型制造业者的信心。	This survey almost didn’t show that the escalating global trade frictions shook the confidence of large manufacturers.
但爆发全面贸易战的风险打击了企业的业务前景，可能威胁企业资本支出。	However, risks of outbreak of an all-out trade war stuck the business prospects of enterprises, likely to threaten the business capital expenditure.
活跃的资本支出是日本经济中的一个亮点。	The active capital expenditure is a highlight of Japanese economy.
该调查让人质疑日本央行关于稳健的经济扩张将有助于推动通胀率加速达到2%目标的看法，尽管有迹象显示企业正在逐渐将成本转嫁给客户。	This survey raised questions about the view of the Bank of Japan on that robust economic expansion would help to accelerate inflation to the 2% target, although there were signs that enterprises were gradually shifting costs to the customers.
“在全球贸易战引发担忧的情况下，由于出口放缓和工厂生产疲软，制造业者的信心趋于停滞 ， ” 农林中金总合研究所首席研究员南武志表示。	"With concerns raised by the global trade war, as exports slowed down and factory production weakened, the confidence of manufacturers tended to stagnate," said Takeshi Minami, the Principal Researcher of Norinchukin Research Institute Co., Ltd..
“信心仍处于高位。而且由于企业获利正在改善且物价上涨，我也不认为信心会继续下滑 。 ”	"Confident is still at a high level. And since corporate profits are improving and prices are rising, I don't think confidence will continue to decline. "
短观调查显示，9月大型制造业景气判断指数从三个月前的正21降至正19，为连续第三季恶化。	The Tankan survey showed that the judgment index for the boom of large-scale manufacturing declined from positive 21 for three months ago to positive 19 in September, worsening for the third consecutive quarter.
市场的预估中值为正22。	The median market forecast is positive 22.
9月大型非制造业景气判断指数从6月调查的正24降至正22，为八个季度来首次恶化。	The judgment index for the boom of large-scale manufacturing declined from positive 24 researched in June to positive 22 in September, worsening for the first time for eight quarters.
路透调查为正22。	The survey of Reuters was positive 22.
调查显示，12月大型制造业及非制造业景气判断指数均料持稳不变。	The survey showed that the judgment index for the boom of large-scale manufacturing and non-manufacturing was expected to remain stable in December.
投资者对短观企业景气判断指数下滑并不在意，日股日经指数.N225周一升至27年高点，因日圆持续贬值帮助改善日本企业的出口获利前景。	Investors were indifferent to the decline of the judgment index for the boom of Tankan enterprises. The Nikkei .N225 rose to a 27-year high spot on Monday as the continued depreciation of the yen helped improve the export profit prospects of Japanese enterprises.
资本支出稳健。	The capital expenditure was robust.
尽管企业信心有所下降，但最新的短观凸显出企业资本支出计划稳健，得益于更新产能、以及增加对机器人和自动化投资以应对人口老龄化导致的劳动力短缺。	Although the confidence of enterprises declined, the latest Tankan highlighted the robustness of enterprise capital expenditure plans, benefiting from the renewed capacity and increased investment in robots and automation to cope with the labor shortage caused by the aging of population.
央行短观调查显示，大型企业计划在2019年3月止的本财年资本支出提高13.4 % 。	The Tankan survey of the Bank of Japan showed that the capital expenditure of large-scale enterprise plans would increase by 13.4% for the fiscal year ended in March 2019.
前次短观调查时为13.6 % 。	It was 13.6% for previous Tankan survey.
南武志表示，本财年所有企业资本支出计划增长8.5 % ， 接近日本泡沫经济时代的步伐。	Takeshi Minami said that the capital expenditure of all enterprise plans for this fiscal year increased by 8.5%, close to the pace of Japan’s bubble era.
他称 ， “ 鉴于小型企业调高从现在起的获利预估，资本支出仍有进一步增长的空间，但这很大程度上取决于贸易战对企业信心的影响 。 ”	He said, "considering that small businesses raise their profit estimates from now on, there is still room for further growth in capital expenditure, but that largely depends on the impact of the trade war on business confidence. "
短观调查显示企业转嫁成本的能力增强，大型企业产出价格指数为正7，是十年来的高点，这是令人鼓舞的迹象，反映出日本对抗通缩的努力取得了进展。	The Tankan survey showed that the ability of enterprises to pass on costs was enhanced. The output price index of large enterprises was positive 7, which was a 10-year high spot. It was an encouraging sign, reflecting that Japan had made progress in its efforts to combat deflation.
衡量大型企业就业状况的指数触及负23，为1992年以来最为紧俏的水平，凸显就业市场趋紧。	The index measuring the employment situation of large enterprises hit negative 23, which was the most tight level since 1992, highlighting the tightening of the employment market.
受益于企业支出强健，日本经济第二季自今年1-3月的萎缩中反弹。	Benefiting from the robust enterprise expenditure, Japanese economy rebounded from January-March shrink in the second quarter.
但夏季贸易摩擦升级且供应链受到自然灾害的干扰，令依赖出口的日本经济前景蒙阴。	However, the escalation of trade frictions in summer and the disturbance of natural disasters on supply chains had casted a shadow over the prospects of Japanese economy which depended on exports.
若以美元计，服务进出口增速为16.4 % 。	In dollar terms, import and export of services increase by 16.4%.
商务部网站新闻稿援引服贸司负责人称，1-8月新兴服务进出口总额突破1万亿元，增速快于总体。	The news release of the website of the Ministry of Commerce citing the head of the Department of Trade in Services and Commercial Services said that the total import and export volume of emerging services exceeded 1 trillion yuan from January to August, and the growth rate was faster than that of the whole.
其中，新兴服务进出口总额11,383.9亿元，增长20.9 % ， 高于服务进出口总体增速10.4个百分点，拉动新兴服务占比提升近3个百分点。	Among them, the total import and export volume of emerging services was 1,138.39 billion yuan, with an increase of 20.9%, which was 10.4 percentage points higher than the overall growth rate of import and export of services, and the proportion of promotion for emerging services increased by nearly 3 percentage points.
在服务出口方面，1-8月，服务出口延续今年以来的快速增长势头，出口增速高于进口增速5.7个百分点。	In terms of service export, the service export continued its rapid growth momentum since this year, and the export growth rate was 5.7 percentage points higher than the import growth rate from January to August.
其中，增速排名前三的领域是电信计算机和信息服务、个人文化和娱乐服务、保险服务，增速分别为61.1 % 、 38.8%和26.5 % 。	Among them, the top three areas of growth are telecommunications, computer and information services, personal culture and entertainment services and insurance services, with growth rates of 61.1%, 38.8% and 26.5%, respectively.
服贸司负责人并指出，1-8月新兴服务进口占比也逐步提升。	The head of the Department of Trade in Services and Commercial Services also pointed out that the proportion of import of emerging services also gradually increased from January to August.
1-8月，新兴服务进口快速增长，占服务进口的比重达到23.6 % ， 较去年同期增长1.6个百分点。	The import of emerging services increased rapidly, accounting for 23.6% of service import, with an increase of 1.6 percentage points over the same period last year from January to August.
其中，金融服务、知识产权使用费、电信计算机和信息服务进口增速均超过20 % ， 分别为47.1 % 、 23.3%和23.2 % 。	Among them, the import growth rates of financial services, intellectual property rights usage fees, and telecommunications, computer and information services all exceeded 20%, with 47.1%, 23.3% and 23.2% respectively.
西甲：梅西替补登场助攻扳平 巴萨联赛三轮不胜。	Spanish Primera Division: Messi assisted to level the score as a substitute. Barcelona failed to win three games in Spanish Primera Division.
西甲第7轮巴塞罗那主场迎战毕尔巴鄂竞技的比赛昨晚进行，德马科斯上半场的进球帮助客队领先，梅西下半场替补登场助攻穆尼尔扳平比分，双方1:1平局收场，此战过后，巴萨三轮不胜。	Barcelona hosted Athletic Bilbao in the seventh round of Spanish Primera Division last night. De Marcos scored a goal helping the guest team take the lead in the first half. As a substitute, Messi assisted Munir to level the score in the second half. The game between the two teams ended in a draw. After this game, Barcelona failed to win three games.
此战梅西、布斯克茨轮休。	Messi and Busquets rested for this game.
眼看比分落后，梅西再下半场替补登场。	Seeing the team's score fell behind, Messi appeared as a substitute in the second half.
逃过一劫的巴萨已经三轮联赛不胜，好在皇马也没能获得一场胜利，巴萨依旧凭借净胜球优势排在榜首，不过与身后第三名塞维利亚的差距只剩一分。	Although Barcelona is relieved this time, it has failed to win three games in Spanish Primera Division. Fortunately, Real Madrid has also failed to win a game. Barcelona is still at the top relying on the advantage of goal difference, but it is only 1 point ahead of Sevilla, which ranks the third.
海外游子祝福中国：祖国强大我骄傲-中新网	Chinese overseas immigrants bless China: I'm so proud to see our motherland becomes strong -- ECNS
经济发展，国力增强 ， “ 中国”这两个字在国际舞台上的分量也越来越重。	With the economic development and national strength enhancement, the word "China" is becoming more and more important on the international stage.
这一切，身在海外的华人华侨感受更为深刻。	The overseas Chinese have deep feelings about all of it.
祖国的改革开放那么成功，我们海外的华侨觉得非常开心，所以这个很值得骄傲，我也希望我们的祖国越来越强大。	The motherland's reform and opening-up are so successful, and our overseas Chinese feel very happy and proud of it. I hope our motherland will become stronger and stronger.
每次回国，国内的变化都非常大，出来传播中国文化的艺术家也越来越多了，我觉得这个变化是非常大的。	Every time I come back to China, I'll find big changes in our country. More and more artist are coming out to promote Chinese culture. I think this change is very big.
我们国家的改革开放，绝对是世界的一个奇迹。	Our country's reform and opening-up are absolutely a miracle in the world.
和以前相比，我们现在在加拿大的协会说自己是中国人觉得很荣幸。	Compared with the past, we feel very honored to say that I'm a Chinese in the association in Canada now.
我们对祖国这些年来的努力感到非常骄傲。	We feel very proud of the motherland's great efforts in the past years.
中国的强大，海外游子感同身受，不少外国友人也表达了敬佩之情。	The overseas Chinese all feel that China is becoming stronger, and many foreign friends also express their admiration.
他们也向中国、向中国人民送上了自己的祝福。	They also send their best wishes to China and Chinese people.
我觉得中国是这个世界上最令人着迷的文化和文明之一，祝福中国和阿联酋的友谊在未来更长久繁荣。	I think that China is one of the most fascinating cultures and civilizations in the world. I wish the friendship between China and the UAE will prosper longer in the future.
祝福所有的中国人，因为你们很棒。	I bless all Chinese people, because you are great.
在中国生活工作，你们帮助了我，希望你们一切都好。	I'm living and working in China. You helped me a lot. I wish you that everything will be alright.
让世界变得更美好，就像你们现在正在做的一样。	Make the world a better place, just like what you are doing now.
当我认识新的波兰朋友，跟他们说我是学中文的，他们会说那你肯定工作好找对吧。	When I meet new friends in Poland, and tell them that I'm majored in Chinese, they will say that it must be easier for you to find a job.
事实上就是这样的，中国最近几年发展得特别好，也让我开心。	Actually, it is what happened. China has developed particularly well in recent years and I'm very happy about it.
祝中国人民国庆节快乐！	I wish Chinese people a happy National Day!
油价或迎来“三连涨” 国庆自驾出行可提前加满油。	Oil prices may usher in the "three consecutive rises", drivers can fill up the tank for National Day self-driving travel in advance.
中新网北京9月30日电 (记者 邱宇)9月30日24时，新一轮成品油调价窗口将与国庆长假同步开启。	China News Service, Beijing, September 30 (reporter Qiu Yu) - At 24 o’clock on September 30, the new round of refined oil price adjustment window will be opened simultaneously with the National Day holiday.
多家机构预测油价将大幅上调，实现“三连涨 ” 。	A number of institutions predict that oil prices will rise sharply, achieving a "three consecutive rises".
计划自驾出行的车主们，可以赶在涨价之前给车加满油。	Car owners who plan self-driving can fill the car with oil before the price increases.
根据隆众资讯测算的数据，预计国内成品油对应上调幅度为190元/吨左右；卓创资讯测算的上调幅度为220元/吨。	According to the data calculated by OilChem, the corresponding increase magnitude in domestic refined oil is expected to be around 190 yuan/ton; the increase predicted by Zhuochuang Information is 220 yuan/ton.
9月，油价已经有过两次上调：9月3日，汽油上调180元/吨，柴油上调170元/吨；9月17日，汽油上调145元/吨，柴油上调145元/吨。	In September, oil prices have been raised twice: on September 3, gasoline was raised by 180 yuan / ton, diesel was raised by 170 yuan / ton; on September 17, gasoline was raised by 145 yuan / ton, diesel was raised by 145 yuan / ton.
国内油价与国际油价挂钩，本轮计价周期以来，国际油价震荡上涨，布伦特原油突破80美元关口后，继续上探。	Domestic oil prices link up with international oil prices. Since the current round of pricing, international oil prices have increased with fluctuation and Brent crude oil has broken through the $80 mark and continues to increase.
截至9月28日收盘，美国WTI原油期货收涨1.13美元，报73.25美元/桶。	As of the closing on September 28, the US WTI crude oil futures closed up with $1.13 US, reported $73.25 / barrel.
布伦特原油期货收涨1.0美元，报82.72美元/桶。	Brent crude oil futures closed up with $1.0 , reported $82.72 / barrel.
“从国际局势来看，美国制裁伊朗等紧张情绪叠加，油价整体走势偏强，随后欧佩克减产会议明确拒绝增产，给予市场信心，油价稳步上移 。 ”	"From the international situation, the US sanctions against Iran and other tensions are superimposed, and the overall trend of oil prices is strong. Subsequently, the OPEC Production Cut Conference explicitly refused to increase production, giving market confidence to believe that the oil prices will move up steadily. "
卓创资讯成品油分析师臧文刚说。	Zhuochuang Information refined oil product analyst Zang Wengang said.
零售方面，目前北京中石油、中石化加油站的92号和95号汽油价格分别是7.66元/升和8.15元/升。	In terms of retail sales, the prices of gasoline at No. 92 and No. 95 of Beijing CNPC and Sinopec gas stations are 7.66 yuan/liter and 8.15 yuan/liter respectively.
据隆众资讯分析师李彦介绍，加油站零售方面优惠促销策略没有太大变化，当前中石化等主营站优惠幅度多在0.5-0.7元/升，而民营加油站的优惠幅度多在0.5-1.2元/升。	According to Li Yan, an analyst at OilChem, there is no big changes in the preferential sales promotion strategy for gas stations. At present, the preferential price of main stations such as Sinopec is 0.5-0.7 yuan/liter, while the preferential rate for private gas stations is 0.5-. 1.2 yuan/liter.
“本轮零售价即将‘三连涨 ’ ， 折合升价涨幅约为0.14-0.16元，建议私家车主们在国庆长假到来前加满油再出行 。 ”李彦说。	"This round of retail price is about to usher in ‘three consecutive rises’, which is equivalent to an increase of about 0.14-0.16 yuan. It is recommended that private car owners fill up with oil before the National Day holiday. " Li Yan said.
小学生做错题被老师体罚 涉事学校取消年度评优资格-中新网	An elementary school student was physically punished by a teacher for making errors when doing exercises. The involved school was disqualified from taking part in the annual assessment to appraise and select the most outstanding ones. -- ECNS
针对“遂宁一小学生做错题被老师体罚”事件，遂宁市河东新区管委会官方微博昨日发布情况通报称，经查，遂州外国语小学校教师罗XX体罚学生情况属实，已被调离教师岗位，涉事学校取消年度“评优”资格。	In regard to the matter that "an elementary school student in Suining was physically punished by a teacher for making errors when doing exercises", Suining Hedong New Area Administration Committee's official micro-blog made an announcement yesterday saying that it was true upon investigation that Luo XX, a teacher from Suizhou Foreign Language Elementary School, administered physical punishment on a student. This teacher was removed from the position of teaching, and the involved school was disqualified from taking part in the annual "assessment to appraise and select the most outstanding ones".
日前有家长反映，遂宁一小学6年级女生因为做错题在学校遭班级数学老师殴打，引发广泛关注。	A few days ago, some parents said that a grade 6 girl in an elementary school in Suining was beaten by her math teacher for making errors when doing exercises at school, which caused widespread concern.
随后，遂宁市河东新区社会事业局成立调查组进驻学校对相关人员进行调查、询问，现场收集证据，将涉事教师调离教师岗位。	Later, Suining Hedong New Area Social Undertakings Bureau set up an investigation group and stationed in the school to investigate and inquire the relevant people and collect the on-site evidences. The involved teacher was removed from the position of teaching.
昨日，遂宁市河东新区管委会官方微博发布情况通报称，经查，遂州外国语小学校教师罗XX体罚学生情况属实。	Suining Hedong New Area Administration Committee's official micro-blog made an announcement yesterday saying that it was true upon investigation that Luo XX, a teacher from Suizhou Foreign Language Elementary School, administered physical punishment on a student.
经研究，对遂州外国语小学校年终考核 “一票否决 ” ， 取消年度“评优”资格。	It was decided upon review that Suizhou Foreign Language Elementary School was disqualified from taking part in the annual assessment to appraise and select the most outstanding ones according to the "one-vote veto".
通报并称，对遂州外国语小学校行政班子进行集体诫勉谈话，对分管领导及班导按有关规定处理；对涉事教师罗XX调离教师岗位，并按有关规定严肃处理；责令遂州外国语小学校作出深刻检查，并开展师德师风建设活动，采取切实措施，杜绝此类事件再次发生。	The announcement also said that the administrative staff of Suizhou Foreign Language Elementary School held a conversation of persuasion and admonition, the leaders with specific duties and the class teacher were dealt with according to the relevant stipulations; that the involved teacher Luo XX was removed from the position of teaching and was dealt with severely according to the relevant stipulations; and that Suizhou Foreign Language Elementary School was ordered to carry out deep investigation, implement the activities to build the teaching morality, and take practical measures to prevent such incident from happening again.
同时，学校要主动与学生家长进行沟通，妥善处理好后续工作。	In the meantime, the school should actively communicate with the parents of students and properly handle the follow-up works.
第69届国际宇航大会在德国开幕-中新网	The 69th International Astronautical Congress opened in Germany -- ECNS
新华社德国不来梅10月1日电(记者任珂 张毅荣)第69届国际宇航大会10月1日在德国不来梅会展中心拉开帷幕，来自世界各地的6300多名宇航员、航天机构和企业代表、专家学者与青年学生等出席。	Xinhua News Agency, Bremen, Germany, October 1 (reported by Ren Ke & Zhang Yirong) -- The 69th International Astronautical Congress opened in Bremen Exhibition Center in Germany on October 1. More than 6300 astronauts, representatives of space agencies and enterprises, experts and scholars, and young students from all over the world attended the event.
国际宇航联合会主席让－伊夫・勒加尔在开幕式上发表致辞说，全球航天事业已不再是只有少数国家和机构参与，今年的与会人数比上一届大幅增加，说明越来越多的机构和人士正加入其中。	Yves Le Gall, the chairman of International Astronautical Federation addressed at the opening ceremony that the global aerospace industry was no longer involving only a few countries and agencies. The number of participants this year was significantly increasing from last session, which suggested that more and more institutions and individuals were taking part in it.
他呼吁各国加强合作与创新，共同推进航天事业发展。	He called on countries to strengthen cooperation and innovation, and promote the development of aerospace industry.
中国工业和信息化部副部长、国家航天局局长张克俭在出席交流活动时介绍了中国的航天计划，并表示中国将扩大航天领域的国际合作，为人类的航天事业作出贡献。	Zhang Kejian, the vice-minister of Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China and the head of China National Space Administration, introduced China's space program while he was attending the interchange activity, and said that China would expand the international cooperation in the aerospace field and make contributions to humans' aerospace industry.
中国航天科技集团公司、中国航天科工集团公司等相关机构以及一些民营企业代表与会，展示了中国航天的最新成就，包括各型运载火箭、卫星以及航天科技应用产品。	The representatives of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation and some private enterprises attended the congress and showed the latest achievements in aerospace industry in China, including different types of carrier rockets, satellites and aerospace technology application products.
国际宇航大会自1950年以来每年举办一次，是世界航空界的最大盛会。	The International Astronautical Congress has been held annually since 1950. It is the world's largest event in the aviation industry.
本届大会为期5天，由国际宇航联合会、国际宇航科学院、不来梅大学应用科技和微重力研究中心、国际空间法学会等联合主办。	This congress will last for 5 days. It is co-hosted by the International Astronautical Federation, the International Academy of Astronautics, the Applied Science and Technology and Microgravity Research Center in University of Bremen, and International Institute of Space Law, etc.
路透北京11月5日 - 中国对外贸易中心周日发布的新闻稿称，广交会显示中国外贸形势依然复杂严峻，80.6%的企业预计2018年全年出口情况好于上年或者持平。	Report of Reuters on November 5 in Beijing: According to a press release released on Sunday by the China Foreign Trade Center, the Canton Fair showed that the situation of China's foreign trade was still complex and serious, with expectation of 80.6% of enterprises exports in 2018 to be better than or maintain at the same level as last year.
但考虑到国内原材料、劳动力等综合要素成本持续上升、中美贸易摩擦影响加大的外部环境，参展企业同时认为明年的出口形势不容乐观。	However, in consideration of the rising costs of domestic raw materials, labor force and other comprehensive factors, as well as the external environment of the increasing impact of Sino-US trade frictions, exhibitors also believed that the export situation of next year was not optimistic.
第124届广交会闭幕新闻发布会上, 广交会副秘书长、新闻发言人、中国对外贸易中心副主任徐兵表示，本届广交会境外采购商到会人数和出口成交均同比微降。	At the closing press conference of the 124th Canton Fair, Xu Bing, the deputy secretary-general and spokesman of the Canton Fair, and the vice-director of the China Foreign Trade Center, said that the number of overseas buyers and export transactions of this Canton Fair had declined slightly compared with the same period of last year.
本届采购商到会189,812人，来自215个国家和地区，同比下降1.11 % 。	The number of buyers who attended this Canton Fair was 189,812 and they came from 215 countries and regions, with a decrease of 1.11% on year-on-year basis.
出口成交2,064.94亿元人民币（折合298.6亿美元 ） ， 同比下降1 % 。	The amount of export transactions was 206.494 billion yuan ($29.86 billion), with a decrease of 1% on year-on-year basis.
从市场看，对日本、东盟十国 、 “ 金砖四国 ” 、 韩国成交分别增长74.4 % 、 11.4 % 、 7.2 % 、 2.5 % ， 对美国、澳大利亚、加拿大和欧盟等传统市场分别下降30.3 % 、 8.9 % 、 7.3 % 、 0.8 % 。	From the perspective of the market, the transactions with Japan, the ten ASEAN countries, "the BRICS countries" and Korea increased by 74.4%, 11.4%, 7.2% and 2.5% respectively, while the transactions with traditional markets of the United States, Australia, Canada and the European Union decreased by 30.3%, 8.9%, 7.3% and 0.8% respectively.
从行业看，运输工具、机械设备、建筑及装饰材料、电子消费品及信息产品、卫浴设备分别增长24.8 % 、 21.1 % 、 20.0 % 、 15.1 % 、 和7.6 % ， 纺织服装、家用电器分别下降13.0 % 、 6.7 % 。	From the perspective of the industry, the transactions of transportation tools, machinery and equipment, building and decorative materials, electronic consumer goods, information products, and sanitary equipment increased by 24.8%, 21.1%, 20.0% and 15.1% respectively, while the transactions with textile clothing and household appliances decreased by 13.0% and 6.7% respectively.
徐兵表示，作为中国外贸的晴雨表和风向标，本届广交会采购商与会态势和出口成交数据表明，明年中国外贸发展仍然面临诸多不确定不稳定因素。	Xu Bing said that as a barometer and weathervane of China's foreign trade, the buyers’ participation situation and the export transaction data of this Canton Fair showed that China's foreign trade development would still face many uncertain and unstable factors next year.
但随着供给侧结构性改革的深入推进，以及近期国家和地方陆续出台了“六稳”等方面的政策措施，中国外贸发展的新动能正在加快积聚，企业市场多元化不断取得新进展，这些都是外贸发展的重要基础和有力条件。	However, with the deepening of supply-side structural reform and the "six stability" policies and measures recently introduced by the state and local governments in succession, the new drivers for the development of China’s foreign trade was accelerating the accumulation, and the diversification of enterprises and markets had made new progress, all of which were the important foundation and strong conditions for the development of foreign trade.
“综合各方因素，预计全年中国外贸进出口将保持平稳增长，质量和效益进一步提高 。 ”徐兵称。	"Taking all factors into consideration, it is expected that the imports and exports of China's foreign trade will maintain a steady growth throughout the year, with further improvement in quality and efficiency. " Xu Bing said.
中国海关总署公布，以美元计价9月出口同比增长14.5 % ， 进口同比增长14.3 % ， 9月贸易顺差为316.9亿美元，9月出口增速和贸易顺差均为今年2月以来最高。	The China’s General Administration of Customs published that priced in dollars, the exports in September increased by 14.5% on year-on-year basis, the imports increased by 14.3% on year-on-year basis, the trade surplus in September was $31.69 billion, and the export growth rate and trade surplus in September were the highest since February.
尽管中美贸易摩擦不断升级，中国9月出口表现仍大幅超预期，外需旺盛、企业在美国加征关税前抢出口叠加人民币汇率贬值，或是主要支撑因素，也一定程度显示了中国外贸的韧性，但中美贸易战对信心的打击、对产业链的冲击不容小觑，分析人士认为中国外贸的挑战可能会在四季度或明年显现。	In despite of the escalating trade frictions between China and the United States, China's export performance in September still significantly exceeded expectation. Strong external demand, and the enterprises rushing to export before imposing tariffs in the United States and the depreciation of RMB exchange rate, might be the main supporting factors, and also showed the resilience of China's foreign trade to a certain extent. However, the impact of the Sino-US trade war on confidence and the industrial chain can not be neglected. Analysts believed that the challenges for China's foreign trade might emerge in the fourth quarter or next year.
路透调查显示，美国基金经理9月建议增加持有现金，继续保持谨慎立场，因美国和中国开始最新一轮互征进口关税，且争端没有出现缓和的迹象。	Reuters surveys showed that the U.S. fund managers proposed to increase cash holdings and stood the cautious ground in September, since the United States and China began the latest round of mutual import tariffs and there was no sign of dispute easing.
但据参与本次调查的12位基金经理建议，北美资产配置增至2017年6月以来最高，而英国、欧元区特别是新兴市场持仓下降。	However, according to the suggestion of 12 fund managers who participated in this survey, the asset allocation in North America rose to the highest level since June 2017, while positions in Britain, the Eurozone and particularly emerging markets declined.
全球股票配置占比平均为56.6 % ， 债券占比为35.5 % ， 基本与上个月的调查一致。	The average of global stock allocation accounted for 56.6% and the bonds accounted for 35.5%, which was basically consistent with the survey of last month.
其最明显的变化就是，现金配比上升至5.1 % ， 为2014年12月以来最高。	The most obvious change was that the cash ratio rose to 5.1%, which was the highest proportion since December 2014.
一位大型基金公司的基金经理表示 ， “ 一些经济数据为市场带来了信心，但贸易战仍是最大的担忧，所以最好做好准备在市场回落时进入 。 ”	A fund manager of a large fund company said, "Some economic data have brought confidence to the market, but the trade war is still the biggest concern, so that it's better to get prepared to enter when the market falls after a rise. "
但基金经理9月仍偏好股票，特别是美国股票，即便美国股票被认为价格偏高。	However, the fund managers still preferred stocks in September, especially American stocks, even though the price of American stocks were considered to be on the high side.
今天，在中国的开放地标上海，全球首个以进口为主题的大型国家级展会 ― ― 中国国际进口博览会，于万众期待中正式拉开帷幕。	Today, in Shanghai, the opening-up landmark of China, China International Import Expo (CIIE), the world's first large-scale state-level exhibition with the theme of import, has officially opened in much anticipation.
一场展会就像一扇“窗 ” ， 能让世界更好地了解一座城市和一个国家。	An exhibition is like a "window" which can let the world know a city and a country better.
透过进博会这扇“窗 ” ， 人们看到迈向更高层次的“开放中国 ” ； 借助进博会这扇“窗 ” ， 欢迎世界与“改革开放再出发”的中国互利共赢。	Through the "window" of CIIE, people can see the "opening-up China" which moves towards a higher level; with the help of the "window" of CIIE, we welcome the world and China which is "restarting from reform and opening-up", to achieve mutual benefits and win-win results.
“对一个国家而言，开放如同破茧成蝶，虽会经历一时阵痛，但将换来新生 。 ”	"For a country, opening-up is like coming out of the cocoon and becoming a butterfly. There will be pain, but there will be new life. "
习近平总书记对开放之路的总结，道出了“中国为什么能”的一个重要原因。	General Secretary Xi Jinping's summary of Open Road reveals an important reason "why China can do it".
回顾改革开放40年，敢于扎进世界市场汪洋大海的中国，虽然遇到过漩涡和风浪，但始终以开放的姿态面对一切风险挑战，不断释放内生动力，不断提高竞争能力。	Looking back on the past 40 years of reform and opening-up, China dares to plunge into the vast sea of the world market. Although it has encountered whirlpool and storm, it always faces all risks and challenges with an open attitude, constantly releases its endogenous driving force and continuously improves its competitiveness.
可以说，中国用自身实打实的成就，有力诠释了开放的价值和意义。	So to speak, China has fully demonstrated the value and significance of opening-up with its solid achievements.
站在新的历史起点上，举办以进口为主题的博览会，是以习近平同志为核心的党中央着眼推进新一轮高水平对外开放作出的一项重大决策，是中国主动向世界开放市场的重大举措，是中国支持经济全球化和贸易自由化的实际行动，展示了“中国开放的大门不会关闭，只会越开越大”的强烈且清晰的意愿。	Standing at a new historical starting point, it is a major decision to hold an expo with the theme of import made by the Party Central Committee with the core of Comrade Xi Jinping with a view to promoting a new round of high-level opening to the outside world. It is a major measure for China to actively open the market to the world and is also a practical action taken by China to support the economic globalization and trade liberalization, showing a strong and clear will that "China's opening door won't close, but would open wider and wider".
而各国参展商报名踊跃、展位“一位难求 ” ， 就是对中国在更大范围、更宽领域、更深层次发展开放型经济的最大肯定与最佳回应。	Exhibitors from all over the world are eager to enroll in the exhibition, and "it is difficult to apply for a stand", which is the greatest affirmation and best response to China's development of an open economy in a larger scope, a wider range of fields and at a deeper level.
更重要的是，当前全球经贸秩序走到了一个十字路口。	More importantly, the current global economic and trade order has reached a crossroad.
有些国家筑起贸易保护主义的高墙、退回单边主义的老路，增加了国际社会对自由贸易前景的忧虑，也给正回暖的世界经济增添了诸多不确定性。	Some countries have built trade protectionist walls and retreated into the unilateralism, which increases anxiety of the international society about the prospects for free trade and adds much uncertainty to a recovering world economy.
在这样的时代背景下，黄浦江畔的此次盛会，体现了中国对自由贸易的捍卫，让世界看到开放市场、共享未来的中国自信和中国担当。	Under such era background, this grand gathering along the Huangpu River demonstrates China's guard to free trade and shows the world China's confidence and responsibility to open its markets and share its future.
独行快，众行远。	It is fast to go alone but it is further to go in crowds.
中国敞开胸怀，拥抱世界，不仅有力促进了自身发展，也给世界各国和地区带来了澎湃的“中国机遇 ” 。	By embracing the world with an open mind, China has not only vigorously promoted its own development, but also brought about tremendous "China opportunities" to other countries and regions.
近年来，倡导和推动共建“一带一路 ” 、 发起创办亚投行、设立丝路基金 … … 中国提供了一系列国际公共产品，提供了实实在在的出口市场、发展机会和就业岗位，让各国企业搭乘中国发展“快车 ” “ 便车 ” 。	In recent years, by advocating and promoting the joint development of the "One Belt and One Road", initiating and setting up the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), and establishing the Silk Road fund... China has provided a series of international public goods, a solid export market, development opportunities and jobs, allowing companies of various countries to get a ride on the "express train" and take "hitchhiking" of China's development.
进博会也是这样的一个公共产品、一个全球经贸合作的大平台。	CIIE is also this kind of public goods and a big platform for global economic and trade cooperation.
在这个平台之上，130多个国家和地区的3000多家企业，带着各具特色的优质产品和服务闪亮登场，迈出在中国市场新的一步。	On this platform, more than 3,000 enterprises from more than 130 countries and regions have made their debut with high-quality products and services with distinctive features, taking a new step into the Chinese market.
除了各国企业，真正受益的还有国内消费者。	Apart from companies of various countries, the real beneficiaries are domestic consumers.
通过搭建这个“优选优进”的平台，为消费升级提供了多渠道的优质供给，满足人民群众个性化、多元化、差异化消费需求。	By building the platform of "selecting the best and importing the best", we can provide multiple channels of high-quality supply for consumption upgrading and meet people's personalized, diversified and differentiated consumption needs.
随着中国开放的大门越开越大，货畅其流，物尽其用，迈向美好生活的脚步会更加坚实。	As China's opening-up door opens wider and wider, the goods flow is smooth and materials are put to good use, thus the pace towards a better life will be more solid.
从更宏观的角度来看，进博会的意义已经超出了经济与贸易的范畴，而是着眼未来，传达开放、包容、普惠、平衡、共赢的理念，形成共同应对当今挑战的共识。	From a broader perspective, the significance of CIIE has gone beyond the scope of economy and trade. It has the future in mind, conveys the concepts of openness, inclusiveness, universal benefit, balance and win-win, and forms a consensus to jointly meet today's challenges.
世界好，中国才能好；中国好，世界才更好。	Only when the world is doing well can China do well; when China is good, the world is better.
我们期待，进博会带给世界精彩与圆满；我们更憧憬，迈向更高层次的“开放中国”与世界携手构建人类命运共同体的光辉未来。	We expect CIIE to make the world wonderful and complete; we are looking forward to the bright future that an "opening-up China" moving to a higher level and the world build a community of human destiny.
外媒：美加就北美自由贸易协定达成框架协议。	Foreign media report that the United States and Canada have reached a framework agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement.
[摘要]协议内容包括加拿大向美国开放其乳业市场，以及美国暂时不对加拿大生产的汽车加征关税。	[Abstract] The content of the Agreement includes Canada opening its dairy market to the United States and a temporary suspension of U.S. tariffs on the cars produced in Canada.
据外媒报道，加拿大一名消息人士当地时间9月30日晚透露，美国和加拿大已经就北美自由贸易协定达成框架协议。	It is reported by foreign media that a Canadian source said in the evening of September 30 at local time that the United States and Canada have reached a framework agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement.
据透露，协议内容包括加拿大向美国开放其乳业市场，以及美国暂时不对加拿大生产的汽车加征关税。	It is revealed that the content of the Agreement includes Canada opening its dairy market to the United States and a temporary suspension of U.S. tariffs on the cars produced in Canada.
上月27日，美国与墨西哥宣布就更新北美自由贸易协定达成初步原则性协议，但美国和加拿大没能在美方设定的8月31日期限前达成协议，把谈判期限延长至9月30日。	On Day 27 of last month, the United States and Mexico announced a preliminary principled agreement on updating the North American Free Trade Agreement while the United States and Canada failed to reach an agreement before the deadline set by the American side of August 31 and extended the negotiation deadline to September 30.
此前，加拿大外交部长弗里兰的发言人表示，加拿大只会签署有利的协议 ， “ 重点在实质面，而非时间表。我们将持续磋商，希望达成符合加拿大国家利益的协议 。 ”	Previously, a spokesman for Canadian Foreign Minister Freeland said that Canada would only sign a favorable agreement, and "the focus is on substance rather than timetables. We will continue to consult in the hope of reaching an agreement that is in line with the national interests of Canada. "
超九成巴西女选民称总统候选人未考虑女性需求。	Over 90% of Brazilian female voters said that the presidential candidate did not consider women’s needs.
据南美侨报网报道，巴西国家地理研究所(IBGE)近日公布的数据表明，超过90%的巴西女性民众并不认为总统候选人考虑了女性的需求。	According to the Overseas Chinese News Network of South America, data released by Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE) recently showed that more than 90% of Brazilian women do not think that the presidential candidate considers the needs of women.
报道称，目前，巴西的女性人数已经达到了1.07亿人，如果将全巴西的女性聚集起来形成一个国家，那么这个国家的人口将排名全球第13位，人数超过西班牙全国人口的2倍。	According to the report, the number of women in Brazil has reached 107 million. If women from all over Brazil are brought together to form a country, the country’s population will rank 13th in the world, more than twice the population of Spain.
在巴西，女性选民的人数占总选民人数的52 % ， 男性占到48 % ， 虽然女性在选民中的比例非常高，但在巴西的国会中，女性的比例仅占10 % 。	In Brazil, the number of the women voters accounts for 52% of the total number of voters, and men account for 48%. Although the proportion of women among voters is very high, the proportion of women in the National Congress of Brazil is only 10%.
在全球193个国家中，巴西女性在政治中的参与度仅排名第154位，高于阿拉伯国家。	Among the 193 countries in the world, Brazilian women’s participation in politics ranks only 154th, higher than that of Arab countries.
在经历了20多年的权利斗争后，巴西女性依然没有成功获得自己应有的权利。	After more than 20 years of power struggle, Brazilian women still have not succeeded in obtaining their reserved rights.
巴西社会学家娜塔莉亚・莫里(Natalia Mori)指出，这种现象存在的原因在于古老的父系社会、种族主义以及资本主义价值观共同作用的结果。	According to Brazilian sociologist Natalia Mori, the existence of this phenomenon is because of the combined effects of ancient patriarchal society, racialism, and capitalism values.
“政治本应由国民主张公民权利、身份、获得公共产品并由多个社会团体组成同一个社会。但巴西的政治属于某一团体的垄断，大多数人口并没有被代表 。 ”	"Politics should be civil rights, identity, access to public goods, and the formation of the same society by multiple social groups advocated by citizens. But the politics of Brazil belong to a monopoly of a certain group, and most of the population is not represented. "
巴西机车研究所(Locomotiva)此前进行的一项研究也指出，94%的巴西女性并不觉得选举所产生的政治家能够代表她们的权利，90%的巴西女性不同意政治家所做出的决策，93%的女性不同意目前政府的施政政策。	A previous study by the Locomotiva also pointed out that 94% of Brazilian women do not feel that the politicians elected by the election can represent their rights, and 90% of Brazilian women disagree with the decisions made by politicians. 93% of women disagree with the current government policy.
“我们需要扭转在议会中妇女代表人数不足的问题，巴西的政治制度依然受到不平等的影响。到目前为止，在巴西的政治领域依然有着严重的性别，阶级和种族歧视 。 ”娜塔莉亚・莫里说道。	"We need to reverse the problem of underrepresentation of women in National Congress, and Brazil’s political system is still affected by inequality. So far, there has been serious gender, class and racial discrimination in the political field in Brazil. " Natalia Mori said.
尽管女性的权利不足，但大多数巴西女性依然相信民主的力量。	Although there is the lack of women’s rights, most Brazilian women still believe in the power of democracy.
调查表明，76%的女性认为她们能在民主选举中有所作为，72%的女性对政治有兴趣。	The survey shows that 76% of women believe they can make a difference in democratic elections, and 72% of women are interested in politics.
此外，55%的女性认为，民主政治是使女性遭受较少偏见的最佳方式。	In addition, 55% of women believe that democratic politics is the best way to expose women to less prejudice.
中新网阿斯塔纳10月1日电(记者 文龙杰)中国驻哈萨克斯坦大使馆10月1日举行庄严的升国旗仪式，迎接新中国69岁华诞。	ECNS, Astana, October 1 (reported by Wen Longjie) -- A solemn flag-raising ceremony was held in China's Embassy in Kazakhstan on October 1 to celebrate the 69th birthday of China.
中国驻哈萨克斯坦大使馆全体馆员、驻哈新闻机构、金融机构、中资企业、华侨、孔子学院和留学生代表80余人参加了活动。	More than 80 people took part in this activity, including all staff in China's Embassy in Kazakhstan, and representatives of China's news agencies and financial institution, and Chinese enterprises in Kazakhstan, overseas Chinese, Confucius Institute and overseas students.
10月1日，中国驻哈萨克斯坦大使馆举行升国旗仪式，迎接新中国69岁华诞。	A flag-raising ceremony was held in China's Embassy in Kazakhstan on October 1 to celebrate the 69th birthday of China.
升旗仪式后，中国驻哈大使张霄表示，在伟大祖国69岁生日之际，我们在异国他乡隆重举行升国旗仪式，是一次深刻的爱国主义教育活动。	After the flag-raising ceremony, Zhang Xiao, China's ambassador to Kazakhstan, said: it is a profound patriotism education activity for us to hold a grand flag-raising ceremony in a foreign country on the 69th birthday of our great motherland.
大家虽然长期身居海外，但时刻心系伟大祖国。	Although we are living abroad for a long time, our great motherland is still in our heart all the time.
张霄说，中华民族今天比以往任何时候都更加接近实现民族复兴的伟大目标，比以往任何时候都更加接近世界舞台中央。	Zhang Xiao said: today, the Chinese nation is closer to the great goal of bringing about a great rejuvenation than ever before, and is closer to the center of the world stage than ever before.
“我们的使命、责任和工作比以往任何时候都更加光荣、艰巨和繁重 。 ”	"Our missions, duties and works are more glorious, arduous and burdensome than ever before. "
张霄强调，要不忘初心，牢记使命，推动中哈共建“一带一路”行稳致远、走深走实，绘制出更加美丽的共建“一带一路 ” “ 工笔画 ” ， 为祖国发展建设、中哈友好合作奉献全部力量。	Zhang Xiao emphasized that we should stay true to the mission and keep in mind that mission, promote the "One Belt and One Road" co-construction of China and Kazakhstan to move steadily both in substance and depth, draw a more beautiful "traditional Chinese realistic painting" of "One Belt and One Road" co-construction, and put total efforts into the friendly relations and cooperation between China and Kazakhstan.
广西桂林两江国际机场T2航站楼30日正式启用。	The T2 terminal of Guilin Liangjiang International Airport in Guangxi was officially opened on the 30th.
中共桂林市委书记赵乐秦表示，新航站楼启用后能够满足年1200万人次旅客吞吐量需求，构筑了桂林空中交通新优势，对进一步完善广西江海联动、海铁联运、水陆并进、空港衔接“四位一体”现代立体交通格局具有重大意义。	Zhao Leqin, Guilin Municipal Party Committee Secretary, said that after the opening of the new terminal, it can meet the demand for passenger throughput of 12 million passengers per year, and it build a new advantage of Guilin air traffic. The new terminal has great significance for further improving the "four in one" three-dimensional traffic pattern of Guangxi river sea linkage, sea-railway combined transportation, advance both by land and water, and airport link up.
今年桂林接待游客预计突破9000万人次。	This year, Guilin is expected to receive exceed 90 million visitors.
桂林两江国际机场T2航站楼及站坪配套设施扩建工程，是广西壮族自治区成立60周年大庆的重大公益性项目，也是桂林国际旅游胜地建设的标志性项目。	The expansion project of the T2 terminal and the station supporting facilities of Guilin Liangjiang International Airport is a major public welfare project of the 60th anniversary of the founding of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. It is also a landmark project for the construction of Guilin International Resort.
该项目于2015年12月动工，建筑面积10万平方米，总投资32.58亿元人民币，建成启用后可满足年旅客吞吐量1200万人次、起降10.12万架次、货邮吞吐量9.5万吨的需求。	The project started in December 2015 with a construction area of 100,000 square meters and a total investment of 3.258 billion yuan. After the completion of the project, it can meet the demand of annual passenger throughput of 12 million passengers, take-off and landing of 101.2 thousand sorties, and cargo ships handling capacity of 95,000 tons.
当天，两百余架次航班在桂林两江国际机场T2航站楼起降。	On the same day, more than two hundred flights took off and landed at the T2 terminal of Guilin Liangjiang International Airport.
新航站楼造型设计以桂林山水甲天下为灵感，远观宛若一座“山水桂冠 ” ， 近观似“龙脊梯田”胜景和桂北民居层叠的屋檐，与桂林山水交相辉映。	The design of the new terminal is inspired by the concept of Guilin’s scenery is the best in the world. It is like a "landscape crown" from a distance and Longji Rice Terraces wonderful scenery and the roofs of the stack-up Guibei folk houses from a close view, which is in harmony with the landscape of Guilin.
据介绍，桂林机场新航站楼能满足每小时近4000人次进出港的高峰流量，应用了智能化行李分拣系统、安保集成平台、人脸识别等“智慧空港”技术手段，规划了涵盖餐饮、百货、免税及休闲娱乐等多种业态的商业区。	According to reports, the new terminal of Guilin Airport can meet the peak flow of nearly 4,000 passengers per hour entering and leaving port. It uses intelligent baggage sorting system, security integration platform, face recognition and other "smart airport" technology to plan coverage of catering, department store, tax-free and leisure entertainment, and other business areas.
由于欧洲、亚洲和新兴市场的增长大多不能令人鼓舞，美国日益成为全球经济增长的主要发动机。	As growth in Europe, Asia and emerging markets is mostly not encouraging, the United States is increasingly becoming the main engine of global economic growth.
2018年9月23日，美国新泽西州，港口内停泊的一艘集装箱货轮。	On September 23, 2018, a container ship berthed in a port in New Jersey, USA.
但由于美国当前的增长得益于减税这一财政刺激争取来的时间，因此该国经济也受到外界的密切关注。	However, since the current growth in the United States benefits from a fiscal stimulus of tax cuts which buy time, the country's economy also attracts close attention of the outside world.
“随着美国正恢复充分就业，经济出现滑坡是在所难免的 。 ”	"As the United States is restoring full employment, the economic downturn is inevitable. "
他说，唯一的问题是什么时候会发生，在他看来，可能只会提前不会推后。	He said that the only question is when it would happen. In his view, it can only happen in advance but not later.
尽管巴克莱对今年年底前的美国经济前景持乐观态度，但该银行承认，对更远的时间做出预测难度更大。	Although Barclays is optimistic about the outlook for the U.S. economy by the end of this year, the bank acknowledges that it is more difficult to predict the longer term.
“在缺乏更为可持续的投资增长来提振经济增长潜力的情况下，当前由财政政策激励的增长将难以为继 ， ” 巴克莱经济学家在一份研究报告中说。	"Under the circumstance that is lack of more sustainable investment growth to boost economic growth potential, current fiscal policy-driven growth will be unsustainable," Economist Barclays indicated in a research report.
“在缺乏投资增长之际，经济在2020年硬着陆的风险将上升 ， ” 他们称。	"On the occasion of being lack of investment growth, the risk of a hard landing of economy in 2020 will rise," they said.
一系列企业调查将大致显示出，主要经济体在第三季末所处经济周期阶段。	A series of enterprise surveys will roughly show the phase of business cycle for major economies at the end of the third quarter.
定于下周一公布的欧元区和美国制造业调查将受到关注，周三将公布服务业调查。	The Eurozone and American manufacturing surveys, which is scheduled for release next Monday, will be given attention and a service sector survey will be released on Wednesday.
但下周数据面的重点必然将是将在下周五公布的美国非农就业数据，该数据将提供有关紧俏的就业市场是否在推动薪资大幅增长的线索。	However, the focus of data for next week will definitely be the American non-farm employment data, which will be released next Friday. This data will provide clues for whether the tight job market is driving large wage growth.
其重要性不仅因其对于企业的盈利能力和消费者的购买力而言很重要，还因为薪资跳增或引发整体通胀上升，可能让美国联邦储备委员会(美联储/FED)官员感到不安。	Its importance is not only for the reason that it is important for corporate profitability and consumer purchasing power, but also because wage jumps may cause overall inflation, which may upset the officials of the Federal Reserve Board.
“薪资将备受关注，因为可能环比前月再次大幅上升。	"Salaries will be of great concern, as they may rise sharply again compared with the last month.
9月较上年同期升幅可能不会突破3 % ， 但我们完全可以预期下月能突破 ， ” 荷兰国际集团(ING)经济学家在一份研究报告中写道。	In September, the growth may not exceed 3% over the same period last year, but we can fully expect a breakthrough next month," ING economists wrote in a research report.
在中国和亚洲其他地区放假导致该地区下周数据面清淡之际，欧洲政局可能会成为市场波动的来源。	On the occasion that holidays in China and other regions of Asia lead to a bleak data for the region next week, the European political situation may become a source of market volatility.
意大利政府无视之前对欧盟作出的财政承诺，欧盟其他成员国将必须迅速确定是否对意大利的这一决定予以坚决反对。特里亚并不支持该决定，他希望遵守欧盟规则。	The Italian government disregards previous financial commitments to the EU, and other EU Member States will have to quickly determine whether to resolutely oppose this decision. Tria doesn't support this decision, and he hopes to comply with the EU rules.
随着英国退欧谈判进入关键阶段，英国保守党将在伯明翰举行的年会可能也会火花四溅。	As Brexit negotiations enter a critical stage, the annual meeting of British Conservative Party in Birmingham may also cause sparks fly.
与此同时，随着巴西下周末将举行备受期待的总统大选，围绕新兴市场的担忧也不太可能会减弱。	Meanwhile, as Brazil will hold its widely anticipated presidential election next weekend, concerns about emerging markets are unlikely to subside.
[摘要]该船建成后将交付中国国家海洋局东海分局使用，中国自然资源部海洋预警监测司观测处处长陈陟表示，该船投入使用，将对于发展中国离岸海洋观测系统、推进全球海洋观测具有重大意义。	[Abstract] Upon completion, this vessel will be delivered to the East China Sea Branch of China's State Oceanic Administration for use. Chen Zhi, the director of the Observation Division of Marine Early Warning and Monitoring Department of China's Ministry of Natural Resources, said it would be of great significance to develop China's offshore ocean observation system and promote global ocean observation after the vessel came into use.
9月29日，中国首艘3000吨级大型浮标船“向阳红22”轮在中国武船集团下水。	On September 29, the first 3000-ton large-scale buoy vessel "Xiangyanghong 22" was launched in Wuchang Shipbuilding Industry Group Co.,Ltd.
该船建成后将打破目前中国在大型浮标、潜标布放、回收、抢修等保障工作中的装备瓶颈。	Upon completion of this vessel, it will break the current equipment bottleneck of support work, such as the launching, retrieval and repair of large-scale buoys and subsurface buoys in China.
“向阳红22”轮主要用于浮标/潜标定期巡视维护、定期布放、回收，浮标/潜标应急布放、回收、抢修等保障工作，同时具备执行断面调查等综合海洋调查任务的能力。	The "Xiangyanghong 22" vessel is mainly used for regular inspection and maintenance, regular launching and retrieval of buoys and subsurface buoys, emergency deployment, recovery and emergency launching, retrieval, repair and other support work of buoys and subsurface buoys. The vessel also has the ability to carry out comprehensive marine survey tasks such as cross-sectional survey.
新船总长89米，型宽18米，型深7.2米，续航力为10000海里。	The new vessel is 89 meters long, 18 meters wide, 7.2 meters deep and has a endurance of 10,000 nautical miles.
武船集团副总经理王渭龄表示 ： “ 向阳红22船是我国首艘大型浮标作业船，也是国内唯一具备起吊十米大型浮标作业能力工作船，将进一步提升我国大型浮标保障能力 。 ”	Wang Weiling, the vice-general manager of Wuchang Shipbuilding Industry Group Co.,Ltd. said, "The ‘Xiangyanghong 22’ vessel is the first large-scale buoy operation vessel in China, as well as the only one with the ability to hoist large-scale 10-meter buoys in China. It will further enhance the support capability of large-scale buoys in China. "
据了解，该船建成后将交付中国国家海洋局东海分局使用，中国自然资源部海洋预警监测司观测处处长陈陟表示，该船投入使用，将对于发展中国离岸海洋观测系统、推进全球海洋观测具有重大意义。	It is understood that upon completion, this vessel will be delivered to the East China Sea Branch of China's State Oceanic Administration for use. Chen Zhi, the director of the Observation Division of Marine Early Warning and Monitoring Department of China's Ministry of Natural Resources, said it would be of great significance to develop China's offshore ocean observation system and promote global ocean observation after the vessel came into use.
“这艘船同时具备大型浮标布放维修作业，同时还具备海洋综合调查能力，是我国第一艘专门用于中远海浮标作业和海洋综合调查的综合船舶。	"This vessel has capabilities of large-scale buoy launching and maintenance operations, as well as comprehensive ocean survey. It is the first Chinese comprehensive vessel specially used for buoy operation and comprehensive ocean survey in the middle and high seas.
有了这样的浮标作业船，今后我们的海洋观测和海洋调查有了强有力的利器 。 ”	With such buoy operation vessels, we will have a powerful tool for ocean observation and survey in the future. "
中新网青岛10月1日电 受台风“潭美”响的影响，原定9月30日开赛的2018国际极限帆船系列赛青岛站“玛泽润杯”将首个比赛日推迟至10月1日进行，并于赛前在青岛奥帆中心举行赛前见面会，来自6个国家和地区的12支水翼双体帆船队船长悉数亮相。	ECNS, Qingdao, October 1 -- Affected by Typhoon Trami, the first race day of 2018 Qingdao "Mazarin" Cup powered by Extreme Sailing Series was postponed from September 30 to October 1, and the pre-game meeting was held before the race in Olympic Sailing Center in Qingdao. The captains of 12 hydrofoil catamaran teams from 6 countries and regions attended at the meeting.
受台风“潭美”响的影响，港池内强风不断，最大风速甚至高达24节，启航信号从30日下午1点推迟了近90分钟，风速仍不见降低，赛事总裁判安妮・姆德兰特宣布取消首日的比赛，将比赛推迟至10月1日下午进行。	Affected by Typhoon Trami, the strong winds constantly blew in the harbor basin and the maximum wind speed even reached 24 knots. The sailing signal was delayed by nearly 90 minutes from 1:00 pm on September 30. The wind speed was still not reduced, so the Race Director Anne Mallédant announced to cancel the race of the first day and postpone the race to the afternoon on October 1.
“从岸上吹来的强风持续不断，海况实在是太剧烈了 。 ”	"The strong winds from the shore never seem to stop, and the state of the sea is so severe. "
姆德兰特解释道 ： “ 这样的情况下，谁也不知道阵风什么时候以何种风力刮向赛船。	Mallédant explained: "No one knows the time when the gust will blow to the racing boats as well as the scale of wind force.
靠近城市的赛场，以目前的风况来说，取消比赛是最明智的选择 。 ”	Since the boat-sailing field is near the city, so far as it goes, the wisest choice is to cancel the race. "
一切准备就绪的船员来说仍不免有些失望。	The sailors still felt a little disappointed for everything was ready.
“赛船已经准备停当，我们状态也不错 。 ”	"The racing boats are ready, and we are in excellent condition. "
青岛队的舵手麦克斯・理查森坦言 ： “ 但我知道比赛改期是正确的选择，而且希望今天风能小些，我们能一展身手 。 ”	The helmsman of Qingdao Team Max Richardson said frankly: "But I know it is a right choice to change the race date. And I hope the wind will die down today, so that we can do some good. "
被誉为2020年东京奥运会新西兰队的“希望之星”欧米卡・威尔金森表示 ： “ 损失了一天的时间反而让比赛变得更有意思。	Micah Wilkinson, the "Hope Star" of New Zealand Team for 2020 Tokyo Olympiad, said: "Losing a day's time makes the race more interesting.
因为今天的比赛分量会增加，而且只剩下两天比赛了。	Because the race content will be increased today, and there will be only two days left for the race.
大家一定会特别拼命 。 ”	All of us will play hard. "
虽然海风剧烈，但法国ABM队的舵手皮埃尔・伊维斯・杜兰德在赛前见面会上诉说了自己与比赛举办地青岛的温情往事：5年前的国际极限帆船系列赛自己意外受伤，肌肉断裂，多亏当地赛事医疗团队的处理才让自己还能在5年后的今天站在比赛场地。	Though the sea wind blew violently, the helmsman of French ABM Team Pierre-Yves Durand told his warm memories with Qingdao at the pre-game meeting that he was accidentally injured in the Extreme Sailing Series 5 years ago, resulting in the muscular rupture, and fortunately, the local race medical team helped him deal with it so that he could stand here to take part in the race after 5 years.
据悉，国际极限帆船系列赛创办于2007年，是与沃尔沃、美洲杯、世界帆船对抗巡回赛等赛事齐名的世界帆联赛事。	It was learned that the Extreme Sailing Series started from 2007, and it was an ISAF game equivalent to the Volvo Ocean Race, the America's Cup and the World Match Racing Tour.
此次青岛站比赛将采用“飞行幽灵”水翼双体帆(FlyingPhantom ) 。	The hydrofoil catamaran of "FlyingPhantom" would be used in this race in Qingdao.
2018年是该赛事登陆“帆船之都”青岛的第8个年头，青岛站也是该系列赛收官之战。	It is the 8th year of having this race in Qingdao, the "City of Sails". And it is the last race of this Series.
尽管环球金融市场震荡持续，香港金融管理局周一称，外汇基金于今年第三季的投资收入按年大减97%但好于上一季表现，因在中美贸易战之下，海外股票水涨船高，外汇亏损亦明显收窄。	Although the turbulence in global financial markets continued, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority said on Monday that the investment income of the Exchange Fund in the third quarter of this year fell by 97% annually, and it was better than that in the previous quarter, since overseas stocks rose and foreign exchange losses obviously narrowed under the China-U.S. trade war.
据金管局最新数据，2018年7-9月外汇基金录得投资收入16亿港元，大幅低于去年同期的618亿港元，但好于今年第二季经修订的1亿港元。	According to the latest data of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the Exchange Fund recorded investment income of HK$1.6 billion from July to September 2018, significantly lower than HK$61.8 billion in the same period last year, but better than the revised HK$100 million in the second quarter of this year.
金管局总裁陈德霖在立法会上表示，中美贸易战之初，香港及新兴市场股票指数与美股指数背道而驰，直至9月底、10月初美国股市指数陆续见顶后，市场情绪开始逆转，因投资者渐渐意识到贸易战对美国本身亦造成不利。	Chen Delin, the president of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, said on the legislative session that at the beginning of the China-U.S. trade war, the share index in Hong Kong and emerging markets ran counter to the U.S. share index. By the end of September and early October, after the U.S. share index peaked in succession, the market sentiment began to reverse, since investors gradually realized that the trade war was also detrimental to the U.S. itself.
“市场情绪出现变化是好事，如果贸易战只有单方面的影响，对解决事情帮助不大 。 ”	"It is good to have changes in the market sentiment. If the trade war only has unilateral effects, it doesn't help much for solving problems. "
但他同时指出 ， “ 如中美贸易战未能解决，金融市场波动会持续上升 。 ”	He also pointed out that "if the trade war cannot be solved, the fluctuation of financial markets will continue to rise. "
今年第三季，外汇基金于香港的股票投资亏损较上一季收窄8%至47亿港元，海外股票投资收益则大增172%至128亿港元；外汇亏损162亿港元，债券收益97亿港元，按季分别减少24%及31 % ， 主要反映出美元在季内兑主要货币普遍上升以及美国孳息率在9月中升破3厘水平。	In the third quarter of this year, the stock investment losses of the Exchange Fund in Hong Kong narrowed by 8% to HK$4.7 billion compared with the previous quarter, and the investment income of overseas stock increased by 17.2% to HK$12.8 billion; the foreign exchange losses was HK$16.2 billion and the bond yields was HK$9.7 billion, with a decrease of 24% and 31% respectively, mainly reflecting the general rise of the US dollar for exchange of major currencies in this quarter and the rise of the US coupon rate to above 3% in mid-September.
外汇基金主要用以支持港元。	The Exchange Fund was mainly used for supporting Hong Kong dollars.
香港自1983年起实行港元与美元挂钩的联系汇率制度。	Hong Kong has implemented the linked exchange rate system for the Hong Kong dollar's peg to the US dollar since 1983.
对于香港目前的金融形势，陈德霖称，经济和资产市场不确定性增加，下行风险增大，但香港金融体系稳健，亦做好防御，抗震能力充裕。	As for the current financial situation in Hong Kong, Chen Delin said that the uncertainty of the economic and asset markets increased and downside risks increased, but the financial system Hong Kong was robust, so that good defence were made and the earthquake-resistant capacity was abundant.
“香港的国际投资头寸充裕，对外净资产值为1.4万亿美元相当于GDP的4倍，高于新加坡的2.5倍和日本的0.6倍，要应付经济下行周期或逆转足够有余 。 ”	"The international investment position is abundant in Hong Kong, with a net external asset value of US$1.4 trillion, which is 4 times GDP, higher than 2.5 times in Singapore and 0.6 times in Japan. It is enough to cope with the financial downturns or reversal. "
近期港元拆息持续回落并与美元利差扩大，陈德霖指出，港元汇价于9月21日曾经升逾400个基点，市场普遍认为主要与港元拆息上升有关，其后港元兑美元在7.80-7.84附近水平徘徊，到最近港元拆息持续回落，与美元利差扩大，可能会吸引市场沽港元、买美元的套息活动增加，令港元再度触发弱方兑换保证的机会较前一段时间为大。	The current daily interest rates on private loans of Hong Kong dollars continued to fall and the interest margin with US dollars expanded. Chen Delin pointed out that the exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar rose more than 400 basis points on September 21. The markets generally believed that it was mainly related to the rise of the daily interest rates on private loans of Hong Kong dollars. And then the Hong Kong dollar hovered around 7.80-7.84 for exchange of the US dollar. Until recently, the daily interest rates on private loans of Hong Kong dollars continued to fall, and the interest margin with US dollars expanded, which might attract more hedging activities to sell the Hong Kong dollar and buy the US dollar, triggering the opportunity of the exchange guarantee of the weak side again to increase compared with that of the previous period.
但他认为，随着香港银行加息周期开始，港元利率正常化进行中，未来港元利率低于美元利率的情况将会改变。	However, he believed that as the interest-rate rise cycle of the Hong Kong Bank began and the Hong Kong dollar interest rates were normalizing, the situation that Hong Kong dollar interest rates were lower than US dollar interest rates would change in the future.
“港元利率与美元利率走势将更加趋向一致，大家必须更加小心管理风险，做好准备，应付市场波动 。 ”	"The trend of Hong Kong dollar interest rates and US dollar interest rates will be more consistent. Everyone must be more careful to manage risks and prepared to cope with market fluctuations. "
由于港元资金十分充裕，港元拆息进一步回落，三个月拆息周一下跌0.9%至2.08179 % ， 与美元息差由46个基点扩至51个基点；一个月拆息则创五个月新低，与美元息差由120个基点扩大至127个基点。	Since the funds of the Hong Kong dollar was abundant, the daily interest rates on private loans of Hong Kong dollars fell further. The three-month daily interest rates on private loan fell by 0.9% to 2.08179% on Monday, and the interest rate differential with the US dollar increased from 46 basis points to 51 basis points; the one-month daily interest rates on private loan hit the bottom within five months, and the interest rate differential with the US dollar increased from 120 basis points to 127 basis points.
自5月至9月中，港元现货汇率大部分时间贴近7.85兑1美元。	From May to mid-September, the spot rate of Hong Kong dollars was close to 7.85 with exchange of $1 most of the time.
期间，由于套息活动及大型招股活动完结后部分招股所得资金流出港元等因素，导致弱方兑换保证继4月首次被触发后，于5月及8月再多次被触发。	During that time, due to factors of partial share offer gained outflows from Hong Kong dollars after the completion of interest arbitrage activities and large-scale share offer activities, causing that the exchange guarantee for the weak side was triggered for the first time in April, and for many times in May and August.
金管局按照联系汇率制度在7.85水平买入港元、沽出美元，以维持港元汇率稳定。	The Hong Kong Monetary Authority bought Hong Kong dollars and sold Hong Kong dollars at the level of 7.85 according to the linked exchange rate system, in order to maintain the stability of the exchange rate of Hong Kong dollars.
金管局于5月及8月在弱方兑换保证机制下共买入约521亿港元。	The Hong Kong Monetary Authority bought around HK$52.1 billion under the mechanism of exchange guarantee of the weak side from May to August.
新个税法对境外人士是否还有优惠？	Does foreigners can benefit from the new Individual Income Tax Law?
财政部、税务总局有关负责人30日答记者问时表示，为保持政策稳定性，下一步在落实新个人所得税法时，将考虑继续对境外人士包括港澳台人士作出优惠安排。	On 30th, the relevant person in charge from Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation answered the reporters that in order to maintain the stability of the policy, the next step in implementing the new Individual Income Tax Law will consider continuing to make preferential arrangements for foreigners, including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
有记者问，新修订的个人所得税法将我国个人所得税居民纳税人判定标准由满一年调整为满183天。	Some reporters asked that the newly revised Individual Income Tax Law will adjust the criterion for resident taxpayers of China’s Individual Income Tax Law from one year to 183 days.
请问下一步在实施该法时，对境外人士包括港澳台人士是否还有优惠安排？	"May I ask if there are any preferential arrangements for foreigners, including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, in implementing this new law?"
负责人回应称，现行个人所得税法实施条例对境外人士纳税问题有特殊优惠规定，在中国境内无住所但是居住一年以上五年以下的个人，其来源于中国境外的所得，可以只就由中国境内单位或者个人支付的部分缴纳个人所得税。	The principals responded that the current effective Individual Income Tax Law’s enforcement regulations have special preferential provisions for taxation issues for foreigners. For individuals who do not have a residence in China but have lived for more than one year and less than five years and earn incomes from outside China, their part of the payment by domestic units or individuals is subject to individual income tax.
负责人表示，为保持政策稳定性，下一步在落实新个人所得税法时，将考虑继续对境外人士包括港澳台人士作出优惠安排。	The principals said that in order to maintain the stability of the policy, the next step in implementing the new Individual Income Tax Law will consider continuing to make preferential arrangements for foreigners, including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
尚无“门槛”的月子中心：质量认证促使提升品质。	The confinement center without "threshold": quality certification would promote the quality.
随着“两孩经济”的拉动、母婴市场的繁荣，从北上广到三四线城市，各地纷纷兴起了各种档次的月子会所。	As the "two-child economic" develops and the maternal and child market thrives, various grades of confinement service centers appeared around China, from Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou to the 3rd and 4th tier cities.
当下很火的月子会所满足了群众的消费需求，收费从几万元乃至几十万元不等，但同时也处于尴尬境地，这个机构目前为止没有门槛，监管还存在空白地带。	The popular confinement service centers, which could satisfy the consumer's demands, charged from tens of thousands of yuan to hundreds of thousands of yuan. However, they were in an awkward situation, because this kind of institution had no threshold at all, and there was still the There is still a blank zone in regulation.
国家市场监管总局近日开展2018年全国“质量月”系列活动，记者来到天津市一家五星级月子中心探访母婴护理服务认证体验。	Recently, the State Administration for Market Regulation carried out a series of activities of 2018 National "Quality Month". The reporter came to a five-star confinement center in Tianjin to explore the certification of maternal and child care services.
一般的月子中心提供新生儿护理、营养餐、产后修复塑形等服务。	A common confinement center provided the services of newborn care, nutritious food, and postpartum reconstruction, etc.
在这家月子中心，记者看到，护士每日检查新生儿哺乳情况，专业护工为新生儿提供洗澡、抚触等精细护理服务。	The reporter found in this confinement center that the nurses would check the newborn breastfeeding each day, and the professional nursing workers would provide the newborns with the careful nursing services, such as bathing and touching.
同时，为满足新妈妈的需求，从月子初期伤口护理，到月子中后期美体护理等服务，提供中医治疗美容等护理项目，帮助妈妈们恢复窈窕身姿。	In order to satisfy the new mother's demand, it would provide the wound care in the beginning of confinement, bodybuilding care in the middle and later periods of confinement, Chinese traditional cosmetic treatment and other nursing items to help the new mother restore her graceful figure.
在住的一位新妈妈告诉记者，她提前8个月才预定上了这家月子会所。	A new mother there told the reporter that she had booked this confinement service center 8 months in advance.
月子会所的服务项目直接影响到产妇月子期间的舒适程度以及身体恢复情况，一些规模小的月子会所只能提供一些简单的月子服务，存在消毒卫生不规范、容易交叉感染，饮食单一不科学等问题隐患。	The service items of confinement service center would directly impact the parturient's comfort and body recovery during the confinement. Some small confinement service centers could only provide some simple services during the confinement, but there were many problems and hidden troubles, including the irregular sterilization and sanitation, incidental cross infection, limited and unscientific diet, etc.
这家月子中心的负责人说，他们是天津市所有五星级月子中心中，唯一一家获得B级服务认证的。	The responsible person of this confinement center said that they were the only one five-star confinement center in Tianjin, which had been certified as a Grade B service provider.
“虽然有些客户起初并不明白B级认证的含义，但通过认证倒逼企业严格标准化的流程管理，让客户受益，对企业长远发展具有重要意义 。 ”他说。	"Some customers didn't understand the meaning of the Grade B certification at first, but the fact forcing the enterprises to strictly implement the standardized process management through certification will benefit the customers. It is important for the long-term development of enterprises. " he said.
国家市场监管总局认证监管司副司长潘丽芬说，服务认证是基于顾客感知、关注组织质量管理和服务特性满足程度的一种新型认证制度，是国家质量基础设施的重要组成部分，对提升优质服务供给比重、增强中国服务国际竞争力具有积极作用。	Pan Lifen, the deputy director of the Attestation Supervision Department of the State Administration for Market Regulation, said that the service certification was a new kind of certification system, which was based on the customers' perception and focused on the organizational quality management and satisfaction of service characteristics. It was an important part of the national quality infrastructure, and had a positive effects on increasing the proportion of quality services and enhancing China's international service competitiveness.
我国从2004年起步，经过10余年的发展，服务认证项目经历了从无到有，逐步发展的过程，涌现了如金融服务认证、母婴护理服务认证、商品售后服务认证、电子商务服务认证、保健服务认证等一批有一定影响力的服务认证。	After more than 10 years of development since 2004, the service certification project in our country had gone through a process of developing from scratch. A series of influential service certification had appeared, including the financial service certification, mother and baby nursing service certification, after-sales service certification, electronic commerce service certification, and health care service certification.
据国家市场监管总局统计，目前我国有服务认证机构130余家，服务认证人员两千余人，有效认证证书近八千张。	According to the statistics of the State Administration for Market Regulation, there are more than 130 service certification institutions with over 2000 service certification staff and nearly 8000 valid authentication certificates at present in our country.
潘丽芬表示，要进一步引导和推动服务认证的发展，在健康、教育、体育、金融、电商等领域逐步扩大服务认证覆盖面，助推服务业供给侧改革和质量提升。	Pan Lifen said that it was necessary to further guide and promote the development of service certification, gradually extend the coverage of service certification in the fields of health, education, sports, finance and electronic commerce, and boost the supply-side reform and quality enhancement in the service industry.
路透香港11月5日 - 香港楼价在见顶后连续两个月回落，香港金融管理局总裁陈德霖周一表示，现时尚需时间观察楼市是否已进入下行周期，假如确认，可以考虑适当时候陆续放松逆周期措施的收紧政策。	Report of Reuters on November 5 in Hong Kong: the property price in Hong Kong fell for two consecutive months after peaking. Chen Delin, the president of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, said on Monday that it needed time to observe whether the property market had entered downturns. If confirmed, it can be considered to successively ease the tightening policy of counter-cyclical measures at an appropriate time.
陈德霖并指，倘若楼价回调，首当其冲受影响的将会是在楼市高峰期时置业的人士，但预计出现如1997年亚洲金融风暴时的楼价急跌、市民大幅削价抛售物业的机会低很多。	Chen Delin also pointed out that if the property price fell, the first to be affected would be those who bought properties at the peak of the property market, but it was expected that there would be less opportunities to occur the situation like sharply falling property prices and the properties substantially sold by the citizens during the Asian Financial Crisis in 1997.
陈德霖率领多名金管局高层出席立法会简报会时表示，若确认楼市进入下跌周期，可以适当时陆续放松措施。	When leading multiple senior leaders of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority to attend the briefing session of the legislative session, Chen Delin said that if the property market was determined to enter downturns, the ease of measures can be made in succession at an appropriate time.
“但现时只看到几个星期的数据 ，放松仍言之尚早，仍要多些时间去看楼市是否进入下行周期 。 ”	"However, since data of a few weeks only can currently be seen, it's still too early to ease, and it needs more time to see whether the property market is entering downturns. "
自2009年10以来，金管局至今已先后推出八轮逆周期措施，大幅收紧各类物业的按揭，包括降低按揭成数、按揭申请人须通过严谨的压力测试等，以提升银行风险管理及抗震能力。	Since October 2009, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority has successively launched eight rounds of counter-cyclical measures to substantially tighten the mortgages of various properties, including reduction of the number of mortgages, and that the mortgage applicants have to pass rigorous stress tests, in order to improve the bank risk management and shock resistance.
随着香港正式进入加息周期，8-9月全港私人住宅楼价指数连续两个月见顶回落，9月份的按月跌幅更扩大至1.44 % 。	As Hong Kong formally entered the interest-rate rise cycle, the house price index of private houses in Hong Kong peaked for two consecutive months in August and September and then fell, and the monthly decline in September even expanded to 1.44%.
但今年前三季累积升幅仍达10.2 % 。	However, the cumulative increase in the first three quarters of this year was still 10.2%.
据金管局数据，量度香港面对金融风险的抗震能力的家庭财务状况仍然健康，今年第二季，香港家庭无按揭的自住居所住户比率达66 % ， 比2009-11年平均的60%为高；新批出按揭平均按揭成数及新批出按揭的供款与入息比率分别为47%及34 % ， 较2009-11年分别64%及41%均有明显改善。	According to the data of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the household financial conditions for the ability of Hong Kong to withstand financial risks were measured to be healthy. In the second quarter this year, the percentage of households of self-occupation non-mortgage residence in Hong Kong was 66%, which was higher than the average of 60% in 2009-2011; the average loan-to-value ratio of the newly approved mortgage and the percentage of contribution and income of the newly approved mortgage was 47% and 34% respectively, with obvious improvement compared with 64% and 41% in 2009-2011.
但陈德霖表示，抗震能力高不代表已置业市民不会受到经济下行的损害，因为物业估值会下跌，在高峰期买楼的人士更将首当其冲。	However, Chen Delin said that high shock resistance didn’t mean the citizens who had bought properties wouldn’t be suffered damage of financial downturns, since the property valuation would fall, and those who bought properties at peak times would be the first to be affected.
虽然金管局收紧银行对按揭贷款人的借贷，但置业人士亦可以通过按揭保险或由发展商提供按揭贷款等方式，获得高成数的按揭借贷。	Although the Hong Kong Monetary Authority tightened the lending of the bank to the mortgage borrowers, those who bought properties can also get a high-percentage mortgage loan by means of the mortgage insurance, the mortgage loan provided by the developer and so on.
陈德霖表示，现时连同向发展商提供的按揭借款，借款人按揭成数可达85-90 % ， 假如楼价下跌一成，就会出现负资产（即物业市值跌至低于未偿还按揭贷款总额的水平 ） 。	Chen Delin said that currently together with the mortgage loan provided by the developer, the mortgage percentage of the borrower can reach 85-90%. If the property price fell by 10%, there would be negative assets (i.e. the market value of the property fell below the level of the total outstanding mortgage loan).
不过，金管局副总裁阮国恒指出，当局估计由发展商提供高成数的按揭总量，只占银行按揭总量的2-2.5 % ， 比例仍较低。	However, Ruan Guoheng, the vice president of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority pointed out that the Authority estimated the total high-percentage mortgage loan provided by the developer to account for 2-2.5% of the total mortgage of the bank, with lower proportion.
2003年香港负资产高峰期时，负资产宗数超过10万宗，占供楼人士比例22 % 。	At the peak time of negative assets in Hong Kong in 2003, the number of negative assets exceeded 100,000, with proportion of 22% in those who took mortgage.
而截至今年第三季，香港连续七季录得零宗负资产。	As of the third quarter of this year, Hong Kong recorded zero negative asset for seven consecutive quarters.
新华社北京10月1日电(刘红霞、马睿)电子商务零售出口企业10月1日迎来又一波税负利好，涉及增值税、消费税免税等方面。	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, October 1 (reported by Liu Hongxia & Ma Rui) -- The electronic commerce retail export enterprises received another benefits in the aspect of tax burden on October 1st, concerning value-added tax and consumption tax exemption, etc.
财政部、国家税务总局、商务部、海关总署日前联合发文明确，对跨境电子商务综合试验区电商出口企业出口未取得有效进货凭证的货物，同时符合下列条件的，试行增值税、消费税免税政策。	The Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, the Ministry of Commerce, and the General Administration of Customs issued a joint statement a few days ago to clarify that the value-added tax and consumption tax exemption policy would be piloted for the goods, which were exported by the electronic commerce export enterprises in the comprehensive pilot region for cross-boarder electronic commerce without any valid purchase certificates but met the following conditions.
第一，电子商务出口企业在综试区注册，并在注册地跨境电子商务线上综合服务平台登记出口日期、货物名称、计量单位、数量、单价、金额。	Firstly, the electronic commerce export enterprises registered in the comprehensive pilot region and registered the export date, name of goods, unit of measurement, quantity, unit price, and amount on the online integrated service platform for cross-boarder electronic commerce in the registration place.
第二，出口货物通过综试区所在地海关办理电子商务出口申报手续。	Secondly, the electronic commerce export declaration was filed for the exported goods at the Customs in the location of the comprehensive pilot region.
第三，出口货物不属于财政部和税务总局根据国务院决定明确取消出口退(免)税的货物。	Thirdly, the export goods were not the goods, for which the export rebates (exemptions) were clearly canceled by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation in accordance with decision of the State Council.
通知明确，海关总署定期将电子商务出口商品申报清单电子信息传输给国家税务总局。	The notification clarified that the General Administration of Customs would transmit the electronic information on electronic commerce export goods declaration to the State Administration of Taxation at regular intervals.
各综试区税务机关根据国家税务总局清分的出口商品申报清单电子信息加强出口货物免税管理。	The tax authorities in the comprehensive pilot regions would strengthen the tax exemption management for export goods based on the electronic information on export goods declaration provided by the State Administration of Taxation.
通知指出，具体免税管理办法由省级税务部门商财政、商务部门制定。	According to the notification, the specific tax exemption management measures would be formulated by the provincial tax departments and commercial departments.
各综试区建设领导小组办公室和商务主管部门应统筹推进部门之间的沟通协作和相关政策落实，加快建立电子商务出口统计监测体系，促进跨境电子商务健康快速发展。	The construction leading group offices of the comprehensive pilot regions and departments of commercial administration should coordinate and promote the communication and collaboration between departments and the implementation of policies, accelerate the establishment of the statistical monitoring system of electronic commerce export, and promote the sound and rapid development of cross-boarder electronic commerce.
中新网鄂尔多斯11月5日电 (张林虎)因钱财分配产生分歧，辽宁省一男子竟将情人杀害并抛尸，随后潜逃至内蒙古自治区。	Report on November 5 of China News in Erdos (Zhang Linhu): A male of Liaoning Province killed his lover and dumped the body, and then fled to the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region due to differences of opinions on the distribution of money.
5日，记者从内蒙古鄂尔多斯市东胜区公安局获悉，经过两地警方联合调查，该男子被成功抓获。	On Day 5, the reporter learned from the Public Security Bureau of Dongsheng, Erdos, Inner Mongolia, that the man was successfully captured after the joint investigation of Liaoning and Erdos police.
2018年6月26日，辽宁省鞍山市一女性失踪，家属向当地警方报警。	On June 26, 2018, a female of Anshan, Liaoning disappeared and her family members reported this case to local police.
经警方调查研判，这不是一起简单的人口失踪案件，失踪者白某极有可能被情人王某所杀害，警方随即成立专案组进行进一步侦查。	Upon the investigation and judgment of the police, this was not a simple case of missing persons. The missing person Ms Bai was likely to be killed by her lover Mr Wang. And then the police set up a special investigating team for further investigation.
10月30日，专案组发现犯罪嫌疑人王某可能藏匿到鄂尔多斯市东胜区，东胜警方当即组织精干警力全力配合辽宁警方侦破案件。	On October 30, the special investigating team found that the suspect Mr Wang might hide in Dongsheng, Erdos. The Dongsheng police immediately organized capable police force to fully cooperate with Liaoning police to detect the case.
经过5天侦查，民警终于摸清了王某的落脚点，并对其关系人进行了详细梳理。	After five days of investigation, the police finally found out Mr Wang's foothold, and teased out his contacts in detail.
11月4日，两地警方合力在东胜区某挖机配件店内将犯罪嫌疑人王某抓获。	On November 4, Liaoning and Erdos police jointly captured Liaoning and Erdos police in a excavator accessory store in Dongsheng.
据王某交代，他与受害人白某系情人关系，因白某的姐姐有一笔大额资金在白某名下暂存，二人决定将这笔钱占为己有。	Mr Wang said that the victim Ms Bai and him are lovers. Since Ms Bai's sister temporarily kept a large amount of money under Ms Bai's name, they decided to hold the money as their own.
2018年6月22日，王某与白某因对支配该笔资金产生分歧，王某进而将白某在出租屋内杀害，将尸体分解后抛尸。	On June 22, 2018, Mr Wang killed Ms Bai in the renting room, disassembled the body and dumped it since they had differences of opinions on the distribution of money.
目前，犯罪嫌疑人王某已被移交辽宁鞍山警方。	Currently, the suspect Mr Wang has been handed over to the police of Anshan, Liaoning.
“五大发展 美好安徽”之“绿色发展在行动”主题列车上线运营	The metro with the theme of "Green development in action" in "Five developments, wonderful Anhui" has been operated online
“ 五大发展、美好安徽”第二列主题列车 ― ― “绿色发展在行动”主题列车于5日正式上线投入运营。	On Day 5, the metro with the theme of "Green development in action" for the second theme metro of "Five developments, wonderful Anhui" was formally operated online.
为全面展示“五大发展 美好安徽”建设工作所取得的辉煌成果，合肥市轨道公司与金鹃传媒科技公司共同设计制作了“五大发展、美好安徽”系列主题列车。	To comprehensively show the brilliant achievements made in the construction work of "Five developments, wonderful Anhui", Hefei Metro Company and Jinjuan Media & Technology Co., Ltd have jointly designed the theme metros of "Five developments, wonderful Anhui" series.
其中，首列车 ― ― “创新发展在行动”主题列车已于10月1日在合肥市轨道交通1号线正式上线投入运营。	Thereinto, the first metro with the theme of "Innovative development in action" has been formally put online and operated in Hefei Metro Line 1 on October 1.
此次上线的主题列车选取了象征山水的蓝绿色为主色调，体现出生机、活力和纯净感。	The theme metro put online this time has selected blue and green as the main color, which symbolizes the landscape, reflecting vitality, vigor and purity.
宣传内容重点展示了“五大发展 美好安徽”核心思想理念以及该省十八个具有代表性的绿色发展成果案例，包括江淮运河工程、林长制、长江经济带保护发展、千万亩森林增长工程等绿色发展重点项目建设发展成果。	The propaganda content highlights the core idea of "Five developments, wonderful Anhui" and eighteen representative cases of green development achievements in Anhui, including the construction and development achievements of key projects of green development of the Yangtze-Huaihe River canal project, the forest leader system, the protection and development of the Yangtze River Economic Zone, the ten million mu forest growth project, etc.
此外 ， “ 协调发展在行动 ” 、 “开放发展在行动 ” 、 “共享发展在行动”三列主题列车也将在近期陆续上线。	Moreover, three theme trains of "Coordinated development in action", " Open development in action" and "Sharing development in action" will recently be put online in succession.
中新网深圳10月1日电(郑小红 徐殿伟 刘姝梦)10月1日为内地国庆“黄金周”首日，也是香港国庆公众假期的最后一天，许多内地居民利用假期出国境游玩、购物，也有许多来深的香港居民当日返港，深圳各口岸出现客流“爆棚”的情况，罗湖、深圳湾口岸新启用22条自助通道，提升口岸通关效率，便利旅客高效快捷通关。	ECNS, Shenzhen, October 1 (reported by Zheng Xiaohong, Xu Dianwei & Liu Shumeng) -- It was the first day of the National Day "Golden Week" in the mainland on October 1. And it was also the last day of the National Day public holiday in Hong Kong. Many mainland residents used this holiday to travel and go shopping across the border, while many Hong Kong residents returned to Hong Kong after visiting Shenzhen. The passenger volume of Shenzhen ports was "full to bursting", and the ports in Luohu and Shenzhen Bay had newly opened 22 automated gateways. This would improve the clearance efficiency in ports and facilitate the passengers to be cleared by the customs effectively and rapidly.
据深圳边检总站提供的数据，截至当日下午16时，深圳口岸出入境人数达42.9万余人次，交通运输工具数量达1.68万余辆(艘、架、列)次，各口岸始终忙而不乱，保持了良好的出入境秩序。	According to the data provided by Shenzhen General Station of Exit and Entry Frontier Inspection, over 4290000 people and over 168000 vehicles had been transported across the boarder by 16:00 that afternoon. The ports had always been busy and orderly with a good order of entry and exit.
据了解，受为中国公民提供出境免签政策的国家增多等诸多利好因素影响，利用国庆假期前往欧洲及东南亚等国度假购物的旅客持续增加。	It was learned that there were an increasing number of passengers taking advantage of the National Day holiday to visit the countries in Europe and Southeast Asia to go shopping affected by many positive factors, such as there were more countries providing the visa-free policy for the Chinese citizens.
1日一早，罗湖、深圳湾、皇岗、福田等口岸出境方向便迎来客(车)流高峰，其中罗湖口岸客流高峰从早上9:00持续至上午11:00，深圳湾口岸客(车)流高峰从上午6:30至中午13:00。	The passenger (car) flow peak in the exit direction in the ports in Luohu, Shenzhen Bay, Huanggang, and Futian occurred in the morning of October 1. The passenger flow peak in Luohu port lasted from 9:00 am to 11:00 am, and the passenger (car) flow peak in Shenzhen Bay port lasted from 6:30 am to the noon at 13:00.
据介绍，为应对出入境客(车)流高峰，深圳边检总站按照国家移民管理局统一部署，启动客(车)流高峰时段勤务模式，安排加班警力支援执勤一线，提前开足查验通道，引导旅客、车辆有序候检，确保中国公民出入境通关排队不超过30分钟，同时兼顾外国人通关效率；加强人流密集区域的秩序维护，确保通关安全有序。	According to the introduction, in order to cope with passenger (car) flow peak across the boarder, Shenzhen General Station of Exit and Entry Frontier Inspection followed the unified deployment of the State Immigration Administration to start the service mode of passenger (car) flow peak period, arrange the policemen to work overtime to support those working in the front-line on duty, open enough passages for inspection and examination in advance, ensure that the queueing time of Chinese citizen's exit and entry would not exceed 30 minutes while taking into account of the foreigner's clearance efficiency; the order maintenance in the crowded was enhanced, and the customs clearance was ensured to be safe and orderly.
深圳边检总站同时提醒出入境旅客，出行前应注意证件及签证、签注的有效期，合理安排行程，尽量避开客流高峰时段，选择合适时间、合适口岸出行。	Shenzhen General Station of Exit and Entry Frontier Inspection also reminded the travelers across the boarder to pay attention to the expiry dates of their certificates, visas, and endorsements before their trips, make the travel arrangement in a reasonable way, try to avoid the passenger flow peak period and choose a right time and a right port to travel.
乘坐广深港高铁前往香港的旅客须持有效出入境证件和签证签注，高铁票仅为乘车凭证，不能作为出入境证件，如因证件手续不符等原因不能出境前往香港的，应遵循边检执勤民警指引，到指定地点等候港铁公司工作人员引带办理返回内地的乘车手续。	The passengers headed for Hong Kong via Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link must take their valid exit & entry documents, visas and endorsements. The high-speed rail ticket could be used as a proof of payment only, but not the exit and entry certificate. Anyone, who couldn't go to Hong Kong across the boarder due to the reasons such as the documents and procedures were not satisfiable, should follow the guide of the policeman on duty in the Frontier Inspection, and go to the designated site to wait for the staff of MTR corporation to guide them to go through the procedures of returning the mainland by train.
系统性红斑狼疮是一种累及全身多脏器的慢性疑难病，过去曾被认为是“不治之症 ” 。	Systemic lupus erythematosus is a chronic and stubborn disease involving multiple organs of the body. It used to be considered as an "incurable disease".
因其发病机制不明，诊治疑难，缺乏有效的治疗方法而不得根治。	Because its pathogenesis is unknown, diagnosis and treatment are difficult, and there is lack of effective treatment, it is hard to cure once and for all.
近日，清华大学生命科学学院研究员刘万里和北京大学人民医院风湿免疫中心主任栗占国联合团队发现了人类免疫球蛋白存在增加系统性红斑狼疮易感性的分子变异，且这种变异参与调控免疫性B细胞。	Recently, Liu Wanli, a researcher at the School of Life Sciences, Tsinghua University, and Li Zhanguo, director of the Rheumatism and Immunity Center at Peking University People’s Hospital, together with their teams discovered the existence of human immune globulin can increase the molecular variation of systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility, and this kind of variation is involved in the regulation of immune B cells.
简而言之，两团队证实了人体内一种异常的免疫分子是引起系统性红斑狼疮发病的重要原因。	In short, the two teams confirmed that an abnormal immune molecule in the human body is an important cause of the onset of systemic lupus erythematosus.
据文章作者之一、北大人民医院孙晓麟介绍，栗占国团队搜集了近2000例大样本的系统性红斑狼疮患者并进行研究，发现出现免疫球蛋白变异的患者体内产生了致病细胞和种类广、数量多的自身抗体，肾炎、关节炎、浆膜炎、血管炎等炎症的发生率和严重程度显著增加。	According to Sun Xiaolin, one of the authors and member of Peking University People’s Hospital, the team of Li Zhanguo collected nearly 2,000 large samples of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus to make study. It was found that patients with immune globulin variations produced pathopoiesis cells and a wide variety of numerous autoantibodies. The incidence and severity of nephritis, arthritis, orrhomeningitis vasculitis and other inflammations are significantly increased.
刘万里团队通过免疫细胞示踪、动物试验、测序等多种研究方法，发现这种免疫分子变异激活的免疫信号通路、促进B细胞分泌多种自身抗体的致病机制。	Through various research methods such as immune cell tracing, animal testing, and sequencing, Liu Wanli team found that the immune molecule variation activates the immune signaling pathway and the pathogenic mechanism of promoting B cells secreting various autoantibodies.
记者了解到，两团队强强联合，充分发挥各自优势，实现了基础研究与临床应用的紧密结合。	The reporter learned that the powerful combination between two teams gave full play to their respective advantages and achieved a close integration between basic research and clinical application.
刘万里团队致力于B淋巴细胞免疫识别、免疫活化研究，栗占国团队则长期从事系统性红斑狼疮的临床研究。	Liu Wanli team is committed to B lymphocyte immune recognition and immune activation research, and the Li Zhanguo team has long been engaged in clinical research on systemic lupus erythematosus.
“这项研究是两个团队多年合作的成果之一，也是学术界首次在机制上认识到免疫球蛋白基因异常将会诱发系统性红斑狼疮，为进一步学术研究及临床的靶向治疗奠定了坚实基础 。 ”	"This research is one of the results of years of cooperation between the two teams. It is also the first time in the academic community to recognize that immune globulin gene abnormalities will induce systemic lupus erythematosus, which lays a solid foundation for further academic research and clinical targeted therapy. "
这并非护短，而是依法办事。	This is not shield mistakes, but acting by law.
律师携带斧头上法院开庭？	Lawyers took an axe to the court?
该消息乍一听确实很刺激，也在法律圈炸开了锅。	The news was really exciting at first glance, and it also caused a great disturbance in the legal circle.
福建泉州市中法随后对涉事律师罚款500元，并书面建议泉州市律师协会进行调查处理。	Fujian Quanzhou Intermediate People’s Court subsequently fined the lawyers for 500 yuan and proposed in writing to the Quanzhou Lawyers Association to investigate and handle.
而据新京报报道，日前泉州市律协发布正式通报称，两位律师的行为不涉及违法违规，依法不予处罚。	According to the Beijing News, the Quanzhou Lawyers Association issued a formal notice that the behaviors of the two lawyers did not involve violations of laws and regulations and were not punished according to law.
从多方报道看，泉州市律协的处理并非护短或搞对抗，而是得到了泉州中院的认可。	According to the multi-party reports, the handling of the Quanzhou Lawyers Association is not a shortcomings protection or confrontation, but has been approved by the Quanzhou Intermediate People’s Court.
一起原本可能引发法律共同体内部紧张的事件，最终得到妥善解决。	An event that could have caused tension within the legal community was eventually resolved properly.
事情的逆转，源于更完整的真相还原：涉事律师携带的斧头与被告人的凶器同款式、同型号，但未开刃，仅在举证质证环节作辅助证据，并无恐吓举动或“危及法庭安全”的主观意图。	The reversal of the event stems from the more completed truth restoring: the axe carried by the lawyer involved is the same type and same model as the defendant’s weapon, but it is not put the first edge. It only serves as secondary evidence in the evidence-proven and cross-examination link, and there is no threatening acts or the subject intention of "endangering the court security".
判断涉事律师的行为是否违法违规，有四个非常重要的细节需要关注：其一，当地法院此前两次开庭，仅出示了斧头照片，从辩护角度看，出示斧头原物有其必要性；其二，斧头是在开庭前1个小时才去购买，并非律师不愿寻求法官同意，而是客观上没能联系到法官；其三，整个斧头没有被过激或不当使用；其四，涉事律师第一时间公开认错，并向法院表达了歉意。	Judging whether the behaviors of the lawyers involved is illegal or not, there are four very important details to be concerned. First, the local court has twice held the court and only showed a photo of the axe. From the perspective of defense, it is necessary to show the original axe. Second, the axe is purchased one hour before the court open. It is not that the lawyer is not willing to seek the judge’s consent, but it is not able to contact the judge objectively. Third, the axe has not been used in an excessive or improper manner. Fourth, the lawyers admitted the mistake in public and immediately apologized to the court.
综合这些情节，可以看出涉事律师“带斧出庭”无关作歹，只是为了辩护。	Based on these plots, it can be seen that the lawyers who "took axe to appear in court" have nothing to do the devil things, but just to make defense.
在厘清整个事实经过后，泉州市律协没有顺水推舟，而是顶住压力做出了不予处罚的决定。	After clarifying the whole facts, the Quanzhou Lawyers Association did not follow the societal discussion, but resisted the pressure and made a decision not to impose penalties.
而这一决定，也经得起事实和法律的检验。	And this decision can withstand the test of facts and laws.
至于未经法院许可，将作为管制刀具的斧头带至法庭，确实容易引发不安和误解。	As taking the axe as the controlled knife to the court without the permission of the court, it is easy to cause anxiety and misunderstanding.
出于安全和谨慎考虑，泉州中院此前的罚款处罚和司法建议也无可厚非。	For the sake of safety and cautious, Quanzhou Intermediate People’s Court’s previous fine punishment and judicial advice are also understandable.
为了维护律师尊严，防止个别法院借故刁难律师，最高法于2014年发布了《人民法院司法警察安全检查规则 》 ， 确立了律师出庭不需要进行人身安全检查的原则。	In order to maintain the dignity of lawyers and prevent several courts from finding excuses to purposely make difficulties for lawyers, the Supreme Law promulgated the "Rules on Security Checks by Judicial Policemen of the People’s Courts" in 2014, establishing the principles that lawyers do not need to conduct personal security check in court.
该规则发布以来，广大律师以身作则，很少发生因安检漏洞从而危害法庭安全的事件。	Since the issuance of the Rule, lawyers have set examples, and there have been few incidents endangering the court security happened due to the omissions of security checks.
在类似泉州这样的极个别事例中，只要本着互相尊重、理解的精神进行沟通，误解不难消除。	In such a very rare case happened in Quanzhou, as long as we communicate in a spirit of mutual respect and understanding, misunderstanding is not difficult to eliminate.
律师协会作为律师行业的自律组织，承担着惩戒不法和保障合法的双重使命。	As a self-regulatory organization in the lawyer profession, the Lawyers Association bears the dual mission of disciplining against law and safeguard the legitimate rights.
以往个别律协组织因偏重于惩戒，失之于保障，备受诟病。	In the past, individual Lawyers Association organizations have been blamed for their emphasis on disciplinary action and their loss of safeguard.
而泉州律协的决定，无论从过程还是结果看，都值得称赞，为更多的律协正确履职树立了榜样。	The decision of the Quanzhou Lawyers Association is worthy of praise both in terms of process and results, and it sets an example for more lawyers association to perform their duties correctly.
10月1日起， 哪些个税利好将影响我们的钱袋子？	Which tax benefits will affect our money bag from October 1?
新华社上海10月1日电(记者 桑彤)新个人所得税法将于2019年1月1日起施行，为了让广大人民群众尽早享受减税红利，从10月1日起，将先行对纳税人实际取得的工资薪金所得按每月5000元的起征点进行扣除，并适用新税率表。	Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, October 1 (reported by Sang Tong) -- The New Individual Income Tax Law will be implemented from January 1, 2019. In order to have the broad masses of the people enjoy the benefits of tax reduction as soon as possible, the tax will firstly be deducted from taxpayers' actual job salaries based on the minimum threshold of 5000 yuan per month from October 1, 2019, and the new tax rate schedule will be applied.
伴随着新政落地，究竟有哪些利好会影响到群众的钱袋子呢？	With the implementation of new policy, which benefits will really affect the people's money bag?
利好一：工资薪金所得减税幅度明显	The first benefit: the income tax will be reduced significantly in the job salaries.
10月1日后取得工资薪金的纳税人，可以扣除5000元/月的基本减除费用并适用新税率表，大部分纳税人都有不同程度的减税，特别是中低收入者减税幅度更为明显。	The taxpayer receiving the job salaries after October 1 can have the basic deduction of fees deducted based on the threshold of 5000 yuan per month, and the new tax rate schedule will be applied. Most of the taxpayers will enjoy different levels of tax reduction, especially the lower and middle-income people, who will see more significant tax reduction.
根据不同收入群体的减税情况表显示，扣除“三险一金”后的月收入额8000元、10000元、20000元、50000元的人，税改后应纳税额分别为90元、290元、1590元、9090元，与月起征点3500元相比，对应的减税比例分别是73.9 % 、 61.1 % 、 49.0 % 、 18.8 % 。	According to the tax reduction fact sheet of different income groups, for the people whose monthly income will be 8000 yuan, 10000 yuan, 20000 yuan, and 50000 yuan after deducting the "three insurances and one fund", the taxable amounts after the tax reform will be 90 yuan, 290 yuan, 1590 yuan, and 9090 yuan respectively. Compared with the monthly threshold of 3500 yuan, the corresponding tax reduction ratio is 73.9%, 61.1%, 49.0%, 18.8% respectively.
值得注意的是，因节假日原因，各单位在9月底依法发放的本应于10月份发放的工资，可以适用新的基本减除费用和税率表。	It is worth noting that due to holidays, the new basic deduction of fees and tax rate schedule can be applied to the salaries that should be paid by the units in October but have been paid at the end of September according to laws.
为此，税务部门统一推广使用的扣缴客户端软件已提供了相应税款计算功能，但相应税款仍需在法定申报期内申报缴纳。	For this purpose, the withholding client software, which is uniformly promoted and used by the tax department, has provided the corresponding tax calculation function, but the corresponding tax still needs to be declared and paid during the statutory declaration period.
利好二：低税率档级距明显拉大	The second benefit: the gaps between grades of low tax rates will be obviously widened.
除了提高起征点外，10月1日起将适用新的税率表。	In addition to raising the threshold, the new tax rate schedule will be applied from October 1.
本次工资、薪金所得的七档税率和以前一致，没有变化，但是税率级距有了明显的变化，3 % 、 10 % 、 20%三档低税率的级距明显扩大，25%的税率级距有所缩小，而30 % 、 35 % 、 45%这三档较高税率的级距保持不变。	This time, seven grades of tax rates of job salaries are the same as before without any changes, but the gaps between grades of tax rates are obviously changed. The gaps between three grades of low tax rates in 3%, 10% and 20% are obviously widened, the gap of the grade of tax rate in 25% is slightly narrowed, but the gaps between three grades of high tax rates in 30%, 35% and 45% are the same as before.
值得注意的是，税法还调整了生产经营所得各档税率，其中最高档35%税率的下限从10万元提高至50万元。	It is worth noting that the tax law has also adjusted the grades of tax rates for income from production and business operation, and the lower limit of the highest grade of tax rate in 35% has been increased from 0.1 million yuan to 0.5 million yuan.
这意味着个体工商户、个人独资合伙企业都将从税改中受益。	This means that the individual businesses and personal exclusive investment enterprises will benefit from this tax reform.
“从前期对上海纳税人个人减税测算情况来看，广大纳税人都将充分感受到个税改革的红利，尤其是中低收入人群减税幅度明显 。 ”	"From the perspective of measurement and calculation of personal tax reduction for Shanghai taxpayers in the earlier stage, the broad masses of taxpayers will fully experience the benefits of the personal income tax reform, especially the lower and middle-income people, who will see more significant tax reduction. "
国家税务总局上海市税务局个人所得税处负责人兰敏表示。	Lan Min, the head of Personal Income Tax Division of Shanghai Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, said.
利好三：纳税服务更便捷优化	The third benefit: the tax service will become more convenient and optimized.
自新个人所得税法公布以来，上海市税务部门开展了一系列全面广泛的税收宣传行动。	Shanghai tax departments have carried out a series of comprehensive activities of tax propaganda since the announcement of the new personal income tax law.
一方面，对重点税源、重点企业开展“一对一、点对点”的政策辅导。	On the one hand, they provided the policy guidance on "one-to-one & point-to-point" for the important tax sources and important enterprises.
浦东新区税务局先后走访了苹果贸易(上海)有限公司、支付宝(中国)网络技术有限公司、红星美凯龙家居集团股份有限公司等大型企业，这些企业员工人数多，代扣代缴工作量大，纳税金额大，税务部门主动辅导、答疑解惑；徐汇区税务局走访了区内大型劳务企业中智财务咨询有限公司、中智上海经济技术合作公司等，及时收集企业关切问题，回应企业诉求，解决企业困难。	Pudong New Area Tax Bureau has visited Apple Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd., Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd. and other large enterprises successively. These enterprises have a large number of employees and a large amount of works in withholding and remitting tax, so the tax department actively provided coaching and answered questions; Xuhui District Tax Bureau has visited some large labor service enterprises, including CIIC Financial Consulting Ltd. and CIIC Shanghai Economic and Technical Cooperation Ltd. within the district. It collected their concerned problems, responded to their appeals, and resolved their difficulties in a timely way.
另一方面，对广大市民纳税人，开展“全方位、多维度、立体化”的税收政策推送。	On the other hand, they implemented the "comprehensive, multidimensional and stereoscopic" tax policy promotion for the citizen taxpayers.
利用上海税务官方网站、微信公众号、微博等渠道及时推送政策热点，确保政策宣传到位。	They used Shanhai Tax official website, WeChat official account, MicroBlog and other resources to post the hot topics and ensured that the policy announcements were in place.
同时，9月28日起，上海税务微信公众号上线12366智能咨询平台，通过“人工+智能”的纳税服务咨询，开展“靶向型”智能一体化个税改革宣传服务。	At the same time, Shanghai Tax WeChat official account has put the 12366 Intelligent Consulting Platform since September 28. It would carry out the "targeted" integrated intelligent services of personal income tax reform via the "Human+Intelligence" tax service consultation.
中新网11月5日电 北京时间4日晚，英格兰足总官网正式宣布，前英格兰队队长鲁尼将回归英格兰国家队，出战11月15日英格兰队迎战美国队的热身赛。	China News Service, Novemeber 5 - Beijing time, on the evening of the 4th, the official website of the Football Association Challenge Cup officially announced that the former England team captain Rooney will return to the England National Team to play the warm-up match against the US team on November 15th.
去年8月，鲁尼宣布退出英格兰国家队。	Last year’s August, Rooney announced his withdrawal from the England National Team.
鲁尼此前曾代表英格兰队出场119次，打进53球，是球队历史第一射手，出场数则排名历史第二。	Rooney had previously played 119 times on behalf of the England team and hit 53 goals. He is the team’s first shooter in history and the numbers of games played ranked second in history.
据英足总官网公布的消息，本次和美国队的比赛是为了给鲁尼的儿童慈善基金会筹款，而鲁尼本人也十分激动 ： “ 很高兴能再次在温布利代表英格兰出战，感谢索斯盖特和英足总邀请我，帮助我的基金会。	According to the news released by the official website of the Football Association Challenge Cup, this match with the US team is to raise money for Rooney’s Children's Charity Foundation, and Rooney is also very excited :"I am very happy to play on behalf of England again in Wembley, thanks Southgate and the FA invited me to help my foundation.
为英格兰出场是我职业生涯最伟大的荣耀，第120次，也将是我最后一次为英格兰出场，对我来说，这会是一次特别的回忆 。 ”	Playing for England is the greatest glory of my career. The 120th will be my last time to play for England. For me, this will be a special memory. "
一年一度的阳澄湖蟹文化旅游节30日拉开序幕，据“阳澄湖大闸蟹之乡”巴城镇党委书记谷文华透露，目前该镇大闸蟹经济年产值近38亿元，净收益超6亿元。	The annual Yangcheng Lake Crab Culture Tourism Festival kicked off on the 30th. According to Gu Wenhua, secretary of the Party Committee of Bacheng Town, the "hometown of Yangcheng Lake hairy crabs", the annual economic output of the hairy crabs in the town is nearly 3.8 billion yuan and the net earning is over 600 million yuan.
阳澄湖大闸蟹又名金爪蟹，因蟹身不沾泥，俗称清水大闸蟹，青壳白肚，肉质膏腻，故有“蟹中之王”美誉。	The Yangcheng Lake hairy crab is also known as the "golden claw crab". Because the crab body is not muddy, it is commonly known as the clear water hairy crab. It has green shell and white belly, with good meat quality and greasy crab cream. Therefore, it has the reputation of "king of the crab".
丹桂飘香的金秋时节食蟹已成为人们约定俗成的惯例。	Eating crabs during the Mid Autumn Day with orange osmanthus fragrance has become a customary convention.
大闸蟹是巴城最为知名的形象代言人。	The hairy crab is the most famous image spokesperson in Bacheng.
剥蟹壳、吮蟹脚、挑蟹肉、蘸蟹料，食客感受着身处江南的美好。	Peeling crab shells, sucking crab feet, picking crab meat, and dipping in crab sauce, diners feel the beauty of being in the regions south of the Yangtze River.
蟹农金伟介绍，今年更多食客会花更多的时间留在巴城，在烟波浩渺的阳澄湖边，观白鹭捕食，赏夕阳西下，体验抓蟹乐趣，享受慢节奏的水乡生活。	According to crab farmer Jin Wei, more diners will spend more time staying in Bacheng this year. On the edge of the vast Yangcheng Lake, watch the egrets prey, enjoy the sunset, experience the fun of catching crabs, and enjoy the slow-paced water town life.
由于巴城镇普遍引进大规格苗种，今年出水的大闸蟹个头比以往大了不少。	Due to the widespread introduction of large sized offspring seedlings in Bacheng, the hairy crabs that have been out of the water this year are much larger than before.
和大闸蟹打交道近20年的蟹农常建华正计划把阳澄湖大闸蟹的蟹苗和养殖技术出口到泰国，让水乡美食跨越国界，促进与海外美食的文化交流。	Crab farmer Chang Jianhua, who has been in hairy crabs industry for nearly 20 years, is planning to export the seedlings and breeding techniques of Yangcheng Lake hairy crabs to Thailand, so that the waterside foods can cross national borders and promote cultural exchanges with overseas cuisine.
“昆曲小镇”是巴城的一块文化招牌。	"Kun Opera Town" is a cultural highlights in Bacheng.
目前，巴城已建有蟹舫苑、渔家灯火、春秋水城、临湖蟹市、正仪巴解蟹市场五大蟹市场和美食一条街，围绕阳澄湖大闸蟹做餐饮生意的大小饭店多达1300家，鳞次栉比的各色蟹舫令人目不暇接，客流高峰时的车水马龙更是成了一道独特的风景线。	At present, Bacheng has built five crab markets of Crab Boat Garden, Fishmen Village, Spring and Autumn Waterside Town, Lakeside Crab market, Zhengyi Bajiexie Market and food street. There are as many as 1,300 large and small restaurants used Yangcheng Lake hairy crabs as topic. The crab restaurants placed closely side by side are very fascinating, and the heavy traffic on the street at the peak of the passengers has become a unique landscape.
谷文华介绍 ， “ 一只蟹”每年引来了近300万海内外游客，还形成了两横两纵、活色生香的巴城老街。	Gu Wenhua introduced that, "One Crab" attracts nearly 3 million tourists from home and abroad every year, and also forms the Bacheng with two horizontal and two vertical and lively old streets.
巴溪驿站昆曲主题邮局、拾画概念书吧、粉墨宝贝主题形象馆、昆曲主题民宿、刺绣馆、旗袍馆等众多旅游产品相继亮相，昆曲学者杨守松、笛艺大师陈东宝、著名昆曲小生俞玖林、竹刻工艺大师倪小舟、民歌传承人陆振良等一批名人工作室纷纷入驻，老街成为“昆曲小镇”巴城的文化核心区。	Baxi Post Kun Opera Theme Post Office, Shihua Concept Book Bar, Opera Baby Theme Image Shop, Kun Opera Theme B&B, Embroidery Hall, Cheongsam Hall and many other tourism products have appeared one after another. A group of celebrity studios such as Kun Opera scholar Yang Shousong, flute master Chen Dongbao, famous Kun Opera male role Yu Jiulin, bamboo carving master Ni Xiaozhou and folk song inheritor Lu Zhenliang have settled in, and the old street has become the cultural core area of "Kun Opera Town", Bacheng.
据悉，蟹文化旅游节期间，第四届昆曲小镇・巴城重阳曲会也将再次启幕，来自全球的曲友将汇聚一堂，重温玉山雅集盛况。	It is reported that during the Crab Culture Tourism Festival, the 4th Kun Opera Town and Bacheng Double Ninth Festival Performance will also be reopened, and the Kun Opera lovers from all over the world will gather together to review the prosperity of Yushan Scholar Gathering.
巴城历史文化展示中心、昆曲长廊、阿瑛雅苑、崇文书院、昆剧大剧院等一批文化场馆也将揭牌，呈现昆曲源乡、中国书法之乡、江南鱼米水乡的文化魅力。	A number of cultural venues such as the Bacheng Historical and Cultural Exhibition Center, the Kun Opera Gallery, the Aying Villas, the Chongwen Academy, and the Kun Opera Theatre will also be unveiled, presenting the cultural charm of Kun Opera Township, the hometown of Chinese Calligraphy, and the fish and rice waterside of Jiangnan.
美加墨达成三方贸易协议 将为5亿人带来新机会。	The United States, Canada and Mexico have concluded a trilateral trade agreement, and it will bring new opportunities to 500 million people.
据外媒报道，加拿大政府网站公布的加拿大外长弗里兰和美国贸易代表莱特希泽的联合声明称，美国、加拿大和墨西哥达成三方贸易协议，该协议将被称为“USMCA ” ( 美墨加三国协议 ) 。	According to foreign media reports, the joint statement by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada Freeland and the United States Trade Representative Lighthizer, which was published on the Canadian government website, indicated that the United States, Canada and Mexico had reached a trilateral trade agreement, which was called "USMCA" (The United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement).
此前，加拿大CTV News电视台援引美国高级消息人士的话称，加拿大和美国消除了分歧并就北美自贸协定(NAFTA)达成协议。	The CTV News Channel in Canada previously quoted the message from the United States senior source saying that Canada and the United States had settled differences and concluded an agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
《华盛顿邮报》援引两位了解情况的消息人士的话报道，9月30日美国和加拿大达成的协议将把北美自贸协定作为三方贸易协议保留，三国首脑将在两个月内签署新协议。	The Washington Post quoted two sources with knowledge of the situation saying that the agreement concluded by the United State and Canada on September 30 would keep the NAFTA as a trilateral trade agreement, and the three head would sign a new agreement within 2 months.
声明中说 ： “ 今天，加拿大、美国以及墨西哥商定了新贸易协议 ― ― 《美墨加三国协议 》 ( USMCA ) ， 《美墨加三国协议》将为我们的工人、农民和公司提供高标准的贸易协议，它将促成更加自由的市场、更加公平的交易以及更可持续的经济增长。协议将加强中产阶级，创造高薪就业机会，并为大约5亿人带来新的机会 。 ”	The statement said: "Canada, the United States and Mexico conclude a new trade agreement today -- "The United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement" (USMCA), which will provide a high-standard trade agreement for our workers, farmers and companies. It will contribute to the freer markets, the fairer trades, and the more ore sustainable economic growth. The agreement will strengthen the middle class, create the high-paying job opportunities and bring new opportunities to about 500 million people. "
据悉，现行的北美自由贸易协定是美国、墨西哥和加拿大于1994年签署的。	It is reported that the existing North American Free Trade Agreement was signed by the United States, Mexico and Canda in 1994.
特朗普就职总统后宣布，计划重新审议该协定并签署新协议。	After taking office as president, Trump announced that he planned to reconsider this agreement and sign a new agreement.
三国从2017年开启这一谈判进程。	The three countries have started the negotiation progress of it since 2017.
因前知事翁长雄志患病去世而提前进行的冲绳知事选举于当地时间1日凌晨公布结果，反对驻日美军基地搬迁计划的玉城丹尼成功当选。	The result of the Election of Okinawa Governor, which was conducted ahead of schedule because the former governor Onaga Takeshi had died of illness, was announced on October 1 local time. Denny Tamaki, who opposed the plan of relocating the US military base in Japan, was elected successfully.
此次选举在9月30日进行投计票，最终结果显示，玉城共获39.6632万票，创冲绳县知事选举历史得票之最，比其主要竞选对手佐喜真淳多8万多张选票。	This election was voted on September 30. The final result showed that Tamaki had 396632 votes, which was the most votes made in the history of the Election of Okinawa Governor. He had over 80000 more votes than his major opponent Atsushi Sakima.
共有4名候选人参加此次选举，投票率为63.24 % ， 比2014年冲绳县知事选举下降0.89个百分点。	A total of 4 candidates participated in this election, and the voting rate was 63.24%, which was 0.89% lower than that of the Election of Okinawa Governor in 2014.
玉城1日向媒体表示，选举结果表明县民们不想让翁长知事生前的努力白费，他将继承翁长知事遗志，继续就反对美军基地搬迁计划和普天间基地的关闭等向日本政府和美国政府作出努力。	Tamaki told the media on October 1 that the result of election showed that the Okinawa people didn't want to waste the former governor Onaga Takeshi's efforts during his lifetime, and he would carry out Takeshi's behests to make continued efforts in opposing the plan of relocating the US military base and the closure of the Futenma base to the Japanese government and the American government.
普天间美军基地位于冲绳县宜野湾市，一直以来饱受诟病，日美政府此前同意将其搬迁至名护市的边野古地区，但冲绳民众强烈反对，希望能将基地彻底迁出冲绳。	The Futenma base is located in Ginowan in Okinawa Prefecture, and it has been criticized all the time. The Japanese government and the American government have agreed to relocate it to Henoko in Nago, but the Okinawa people strongly oppose this action and hope to move the base completely out of Okinawa.
而对于县民们强烈反对的搬迁计划以及撤销边野古沿岸填海造地许可的要求，玉城表示，他一开始也没有和中央政府站在对立和分裂的立场，希望双方能充分交换意见，显示了通过协商解决的意向。	For the relocation plan strongly opposed by Okinawa people and the request to cancel the permit for land reclamation along the coast of Henoko, Tamaki said that he didn't stand on the opposite and divisive ground against the central government at the beginning. He hoped that both sides could fully exchange views, show the intention to solve the problems through negotiation.
日本首相安倍晋三1日上午也向媒体表示 ， 认真接受这一结果，并将就振兴冲绳和减轻基地负担等作出努力。	Japanese President Shinzo Abe also told the media in the morning of October 1 that he would seriously accept this result and make efforts to revitalize Okinawa and reduce the burden on the base.
日本官房长官菅义伟在1日的记者会上表示，政府关于尽快搬迁美军基地的方针没有发生任何改变。	Yoshihide Suga, the Chief Cabinet Secretary of Japan, said in the press conference on October 1 that the government's policy of relocating the US base as soon as possible had not been changed at all.
同时他也表达了希望与玉城会谈的意向。	And he also expressed his intention to talk with Tamaki.
玉城将于本月4日正式就任冲绳县知事。	Tamaki will officially take up his duties as the governor of Okinawa.
自2000年代中期以来，随着中国对于油籽需求的增长，美国北达科他州农民Paul Thomas在他的地里种植越来越多的大豆。	Since the mid-2000s, with China’s increasing needs for oilseeds, Paul Thomas, a farmer in North Dakota, has grown more and more soybeans in his field.
这一转变在今年达到最高峰，他在5,000英亩地里种了1,600英亩的大豆，达到了前所未见的规模。	This transition reaches the peak this year. He has grown 1,600 acres of soybeans in the 5,000-acre land, reaching an unprecedented scale
但Thomas和很多像他一样的农民计划在2019年转种以前美国农业区的主食作物：玉米和小麦。	However, in 2019, Thomas and many farmers like him plan to switch production to the staple crops in the former U.S. agricultural region, such as corn and wheat.
美国农民今年的大豆种植面积超过了玉米，为35年以来首次。	The area of soybeans grown by American farmers exceeds that of corn this year, which is for the first time in 35 years.
之所以计划转种其他粮食作物，是因为在美国总统特朗普对中国发起贸易战的背景下，美国农民们出售大豆面临困境。	The reason why the farmers plan to switch production to other crops is that American farmers face difficulties in selling soybeans in the context of the trade war launched by President Trump against China.
中国通常购买约60%的美国出口大豆，但因为贸易战，近几个月几乎零购买美国大豆，导致大豆价格跌至十年低位。	China usually purchases around 60% of soybeans exported from America, but because of the trade war, the purchases of American soybeans are nearly zero in recent months, leading to a 10-year low in soybean prices.
Thomas打算明年种更多小麦，希望通过降低对有赖中国需求的作物的依赖，可以多赚一些。	Thomas plans to grow more wheats next year and hopes to earn more by reducing dependence on crops that rely on Chinese demands.
Thomas表示，大豆价格“给我们带来沉痛的打击 ” 。	Thomas said that the soybean price "brings us a heavy blow".
他表示，没有了中国买需，其农场附近的大豆现货价格是每蒲式耳7.10美元，而覆盖成本所必需的价格是8.50美元。	He said that the spot price of soybeans near his farm was $7.10 per bushel without Chinese demands, while the price needed for covering costs was $8.50.
美国农户今年大豆种植面积创下纪录高位，收成亦有望创下纪录高位。	The area of soybeans grown by American farmers hits a high record and the harvest is expected to hit a high record.
就在这样一个很容易受到冲击的时刻，他们遇到了贸易战的打击。	At such a vulnerable time, they are hit by the trade war.
针对特朗普对进口中国商品加征关税，中国在7月对进口美国大豆加征进口关税。	As Trump imposed tariffs on the goods imported from China, China imposes tariffs on the soybeans imported from America in July.
美国农业部将发布对明年种植面积的首次预估报告，料将包含对关税影响的考量。	The United States Department of Agriculture will release the first estimated report of cultivated area next year, which is expected to include consideration of tariff effects.
预计该预估将确认民间机构对大豆播种面积将减少的预期。	This estimate is expected to confirm the expectations of non-governmental organizations that the cultivated area of soybeans will be reduced.
据路透看到的一份报告，Informa Economics在10月19日预计，2019年玉米种植面积将增加4%至9,270万英亩(3,750万公顷 ) ， 大豆种植面积将减少7%至8,300万英亩。	According to a report seen by Reuters, on October 19, Informa Economics predicted that the cultivated area of corns would increase by 4% to 92.7 million acres (37.5 million hectares) and the cultivated area of soybeans would decrease by 7% to 83 million acres in 2019.
Informa还预计美国小麦种植面积将增加4 % 。	Informa also predicted that the cultivated area of wheats in America would increase by 4%.
在实施报复性关税前种植的大豆面积今年升至8,960万英亩，较10年前高出约1,500万英亩。	The cultivated area of soybeans increases to 89.6 million acres this year before retaliatory tariffs are implemented, which is about 15 million acres higher than that of 10 years ago.
玉米种植面积自2008年以来增加不到500万英亩，至8,910万英亩，今年小麦种植面积为4,780万英亩，接近100年来最低水准。	The cultivated area of corns has increased by less than 5 million acres to 89.1 million acres since 2008. The cultivated area of wheats is 47.8 million acres this year, which is close to the lowest level in 100 years.
伊利诺伊州玉米种植协会会长Aron Carlson自家的总种植面积为3,600英亩，今年他将近一半用于种植大豆，但计划未来有所削减。	The total cultivated area of the president of Illinois Corn Growers Association Aron Carlson’s family is 3,600 acres. He uses nearly half of the land to grow soybeans, but he plans to make reduction in the future.
他称，可能在他位于伊利诺伊州北部的农场将玉米种植面积最多增加20 % ； 该州是美国最大的大豆种植州。	He said that the cultivated area of corns in the farm in North Illinois would increase by 20% at most; this state is the largest soybean cultivation state in America.
大豆每英亩单产低于玉米，但需要的化肥也少，这使大豆总体来说种植成本较低。	The yields per acre of soybeans are lower than that of corns, but less fertilizer is needed, which makes the cost of soybean cultivation relatively low as a whole.
如果农户转至终值玉米，可能将提高成本，但将使包括Andersons Inc化肥销售商在内的一些企业受益。	If farmers switch production to corns, the cost may increase. But the fertilizer seller of Andersons Inc and other enterprises may benefit from it.
Andersons执行长Pat Bowe对路透表示，他预计转种玉米将有利于化肥使用。	Pat Bowe, the CEO of Andersons said to Reuters that he predicted that switching production to corns would be beneficial to fertilizer use.
拜耳也预计将因农户转种玉米而受益。	Bayer also predicts to benefit from farmers switching production to corns.
泰国曼谷廊曼机场管理局局长素提拉瓦29日召开发布会，就一名中国公民在该机场被打事件道歉，并表示泰国欢迎中国游客，有关部门将加强管理，提高服务意识，避免类似事件发生。	Sudirawa, Director of the Don Mueang International Airport Authority of Bangkok, Thailand, held a press conference on the 29th to apologize for a Chinese citizen being beaten at the airport. He said that Thailand welcomes Chinese tourists. The relevant departments will strengthen management, improve service awareness and avoid similar event happened.
据介绍，27日，廊曼机场保安与一名被拒绝入境的中国男子发生肢体冲突。	It is reported that on the 27th, the security of Don Mueang International Airport was physically in conflict with a Chinese man who was denied entry.
素提拉瓦说，涉事保安的行为严重违纪，机场管理局已将其停职，并按程序成立了调查委员会对此事进行调查，如事情属实将辞退该保安。	Sudirawa said that the involved security behavior was of severe disciplinary violations, and the Airport Authority had suspended him from his duties and established an investigation committee to investigate the matter. If the matter was true, the security guard will be dismissed.
目前泰国移民局已安排该男子乘机返回中国。	The Thailand Immigration Bureau has arranged the man to return to China.
素提拉瓦对这一有损泰国形象的事件表示抱歉，并表示泰方高度重视此事，愿意尽力减少该事件对被打游客造成的影响，并会通过中国驻泰国大使馆向当事人发出道歉信。	Sudirawa expressed regret for this incident that is harmful to the image of Thailand and said that the Thai side attaches great importance to this matter and is willing to try to reduce the impact of the incident on the tourists being beaten. It will also apologize to the parties through the Chinese Embassy in Thailand by letters.
他说，廊曼机场愿为赴泰的中国游客提供便利，并联合泰国移民局在曼谷素万那普、廊曼、清迈、普吉、合艾等泰国5大国际机场为中国游客设立入境特别通道。	He said that Don Mueang International Airport is willing to facilitate Chinese tourists to Thailand and get together with the Thailand Immigration Bureau to set up special entry passage for Chinese tourists at five major international airports in Bangkok such as Suvarnabhumi, Don Muang, Chiengmai, Phuket and Hat Yai.
他说，下一步机场管理局将对办落地签区域进行整改，明示落地签费用，并提高工作人员的服务素质及沟通能力。	He said that the next step of the Airport Authority will be to rectify the area of landing visa to clearly indicate the cost of landing visa and to improve the service quality and communication skills of the staff.
中国驻泰国大使馆得知此事后，第一时间与当事人取得联系，了解事情经过。	After the Chinese Embassy in Thailand learned of the incident, they contacted the parties at the first time to understand the matter.
同时向泰国移民局、机场管理局、旅游体育部负责人提出交涉，要求泰方彻查事件，严惩肇事者，并将继续与泰方保持密切沟通，妥善处理此事，维护当事人合法权益。	At the same time, the Thailand Immigration Bureau, the Airport Authority, the Ministry of Tourism and Sports' person in charge put forward the negotiations to ask the Thai side to thoroughly investigate the incident, severely punish the perpetrators, and will continue to maintain close communication with the Thai side, properly handle the matter and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the parties.
新华国际时评：捍卫多边主义，中国知行合一。	Xinhua International Commentary: Defend Multilateralism, China Fully Honor Its Commitments.
在单边主义逆流涌动的当下，国际规则和多边秩序遭受冲击。	Under the circumstance of unilateralism adverse current surging, international rules and multilateral order have been impacted.
某种程度上，单边主义与多边主义的交锋进入关键时期。	To some extent, the confrontation between unilateralism and multilateralism has entered into a critical period.
作为负责任大国，中国以顺大势、合大道的理念和扎实有力的行动，与国际社会一道共同维护多边主义，推动多边主义不断前行。	As a responsible great power, China has taken the idea of following the general tendency and corresponding with major principles and the action with solid and power to maintain multilateralism with the international community and promote multilateralism going ahead continuously.
面对新形势新挑战，中国就多边主义的发展方向和路径发出响亮声音。	Facing the new situations and new challenges, China has issued a loud voice on the development direction and path of multilateralism.
正如国务委员兼外交部长王毅在第73届联合国大会一般性辩论演讲中所说，新时代的多边主义应该坚持以合作共赢为目标，以规则秩序为基础，以公平正义为要旨，以有效行动为导向。	As Wang Yi, State Councilor and Foreign Minister, stated at the General Debate of the 73rd Session of the UN General Assembly that multilateralism in the new era should pursue the goal of win-win cooperation, act upon rules and order, uphold fairness and justice, and act to deliver real results.
同时，中国呼吁构建以联合国为核心、南北合作为主渠道、南南合作为补充的全球发展合作格局，呼吁各方同心协力构建人类命运共同体。	At the same time, China calls for the establishment of a global development cooperation of making the United Nations as the core, North-South cooperation as the main channel and South-South cooperation as the complement, and calls on all parties to work together to build a community with shared future for mankind.
中国的思考和呼声，反映了国际社会的主流声音。	China’s thought and voice reflect the mainstream of the international community.
诚如第73届联大主席埃斯皮诺萨所说，在当前形势下 ， “ 联合国比任何时候都需要弘扬多边主义，维护基于规则的国际体系 ” 。	As the President of the 73rd United Nations General Assembly Espinosa said, under the current situation, "the United Nations needs to develop and expand multilateralism and maintain a rules-based international system more than ever".
国际货币基金组织总裁拉加德表示，国际社会应当继续坚定维护多边贸易体系，坚持国际贸易规则，通过协商解决分歧。	Lagarde, President of International Monetary Fund, said that the international community should continue to firmly uphold the multilateral trading system, adhere to international trade rules, and resolve differences through consultation.
近年来，伴随全球经济政治力量对比的调整，一些新兴市场和发展中国家群体崛起，在国际主要多边机制中发挥更大作用，为遭遇逆风的多边主义提供新的发展动力。	In recent years, as the changes of global economy and political power balance, some newly-developing markets and developing countries have emerged in groups, playing a greater role in the major international multilateral mechanisms, and providing new development impetus for the multilateralism that has suffered from the headwinds.
站在这个维度考量，中国倡导的建设大家庭而不是拼凑小圈子、坚持共商共建而不是搞赢者通吃等多边主义理念，顺应时代潮流，是应对全球挑战、解决世界难题的必然选择，代表了世界上大多数国家的共同诉求。	Thinking in this dimension,building a big family but not making up small circles, adhering to discussion and collaboration but not winner-take-all and other the multilateralism ideas advocated by China follow the trend of the times, they are the inevitable choices to cope with global challenges and solve world problems, representing the common pursuit of the majority countries around the world.
有先进的理念，更有扎实的行动。	Advanced idea with more solid action.
中国提出的“一带一路”倡议，已成为规模最大的国际合作平台。	China’s "One Belt One Road" has become the largest international cooperation platform.
中国发起的共建“一带一路 ” 、 亚洲基础设施投资银行 、 “ 16＋1合作”等国际和地区合作倡议，促进国际地区合作，完善补充现有国际制度和秩序，为多边主义合作带来创新活力，为推动国际秩序朝着更加公正合理方向发展作出贡献。	"One Belt One Road", Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, "16+1 Cooperation" and other international and regional cooperation initiatives launched by China promote international cooperation, improve existing international systems and order, and bring innovation vitality to multilateral cooperation and make contribution to the development of the international order in a more just and rational direction.
作为国际秩序的维护者和多边主义的践行者，在联合国这一多边舞台上，中国的行动越来越有力。	As the defender of the international order and the practitioner of multilateralism, China’s actions are becoming more and more powerful in the multilateral stage of the United Nations.
斡旋国际热点、应对气候变化、参与维和行动、大力减贫扶贫、助力其他国家落实2030年可持续发展议程。	Mediate heated-discussion international points, address climate changes, participate in peacekeeping operations, vigorously reduce poverty and help the poor, and help other countries implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
正如联合国秘书长古特雷斯所说，中国已经成为多边主义的重要支柱。	As United Nations Secretary-General, Guterres said, China has become an important pillar of multilateralism.
当世界面临的“信任赤字”加剧，当民粹主义和极化趋势抬头，正是世界对多边合作需求最为迫切的时刻。	When the "trust deficit" faced by the world intensifies, when Populism and polarization trends are on the rise, it is the most urgent moment that the world needs multilateral cooperation.
在这样的历史关口，国际社会需要携起手来，将共识化为行动，坚决捍卫多边主义，共同推动构建人类命运共同体。	At such a historical juncture, the international community needs to join hands to turn consensus into actions, resolutely defend multilateralism, and jointly promote the building of community with shared future for mankind.
中新网广州9月30日电 (记者 索有为)广东首个国家标准4K示范小区9月30日在广州市海珠区坚真花园小区揭牌，当天，广东广电网络全省4K业务正式启动，中央广播电视总台4K超高清频道广东省开播仪式同步举行。	China News Service, Guangzhou, September 30 (Reporter Suo Youwei) - Guangdong’s first national standard 4K demonstration community was unveiled in Jianzhen Garden Community, Zhuhai District, Guangzhou on September 30. On the same day, Guangdong Broadcast and Television Network’s 4K business was officially launched. The 4K Ultra HD channels of the China Media Group’ starting to broadcast ceremony was held simultaneously in Guangdong Province.
当天的活动由广东有线广播电视网络有限公司和海珠区大塘地区共建共治共享社会治理工作领导小组联合主办。	The same day’s activities were jointly hosted by Guangdong Cable Network and the leading group for collaboration, participation and common interests social governance management in Datang District of Zhuhai District.
根据广东省委省政府部署，广东广电网络积极实施新数字家庭4K行动计划，2017年12月发布了全国首个支持IPv6、全国广电首款支持4路真4K并发的新数字家庭网关终端产品 - - - “ U点家庭服务器 ” ( 搭配AVS2标准的4K盒子、讯飞语音遥控器 ) ， 加快建设以4K超高清视频、下一代互联网、有线无线融合网络应用为标志的新数字家庭示范区，积极参与广东省4K电视网络应用示范区建设。	According to the deployment of the Guangdong Provincial Party Committee and the provincial government, Guangdong Cable Network actively implemented the new digital home 4K action plan. In December 2017, it released the first new digital home gateway terminal product in China that supports IPv6 and the national radio and television industry supporting the 4-way real 4K concurrency. - - "U-Point Home Server" (with AVS2 standard 4K box, iFlytek voice remote control) to accelerate the construction of a new digital home demonstration area marked by 4K Ultra HD video, next-generation Internet, wired and wireless integrated network applications, and actively participate in the construction of the 4K TV networks application demonstration area in Guangdong Province.
2018年，广东广电网络推出一系列广电惠民举措，并启动“广电4K服务月 ” ， 在全省全面推广“U点家庭服务器 ” 。	In 2018, Guangdong Cable Network rolled out a series of measures to benefit the people from broadcasting and television, and launched the "Broadcasting and Television 4K Service Month" to make all-round promotion for "U-Point Home Server" in the whole province.
活动当天，广东广电网络全省4K业务正式启动，基于4K应用的首个4K智慧电视平安居家共享平台项目也正式亮相并上线，该平台由广东有线与海珠区大塘地区共建共治共享社会治理领导小组办公室联合打造，平台项目依托广东广电网络4K超清U点家庭服务器，基于有线电视网络实现新一代智慧家庭服务，融合政府相关惠民利民服务功能，旨在为市民提供一个集宣传、教育、惠民、利民、娱乐等服务一体化的电视共享平台。	On the day of the event, the Guangdong 4K business of the Guangdong Cable Network was officially launched. The first 4K Smart TV Safe Home Sharing Platform project based on 4K application was officially unveiled and launched. The platform was jointly built by Guangdong Cable Network and the leading group for collaboration, participation and common interests social governance management in Datang District of Zhuhai District, the platform project is supported by the Guangdong Cable Network 4K Ultra-Clear U-Point Home Server and based on cable TV network to realize a new generation of smart home services and integrate the government-related benefits for the people, aiming to provide a TV sharing platform integrating services such as publicity, education, benefit the people, favorable to the people and entertainment.
广东省新闻出版广电局总工程师陈小锐在活动上称，这次活动是广电网络企业主动服务党委政府中心工作、政府积极运用“互联网+”打造“数字政府”服务民众的有益合作，希望通过合作与推广，广东广电网络能助推海珠区、广州乃至全省打造共建共治共享社会治理格局典范。	Chen Xiaorui, chief engineer of the Radio and Television Administration of Guangdong Province, said at the event that the event was a beneficial cooperation between the radio and television network business’s active service to party committees and governments center, and the government’ active application of the "Internet +" to create a "digital government" to serve the people. It is hoped that through cooperation and promotion, Guangdong Cable Network can help Zhuahai District, even the whole Guangzhou province to build a model of collaboration, participation and common interests social governance.
仪式现场展示和普及了4K智慧电视平安居家共享平台、以4K电视为核心的新数字家庭应用。	The ceremony showed and popularized the 4K Smart TV Safe Home Sharing Platform and the new digital home application with 4K TV as the core.
“4K智慧电视平安居家共享平台”首期将会有“广州街坊 ” 、 “新广州人之家 ” 、 “智慧社区”和“智慧家庭”四大模块上线，着力探索智慧小区建设。	The first phase of the "4K Smart TV Safe Home Sharing Platform" will introduce the four modules of "Guangzhou Neighborhood", "New Guangzhou People’s Home", "Smart Community" and "Smart Home" to explore the construction of smart communities.
据悉，广东广电网络目前已开通5套4K直播频道，国庆当天还将全省独家开播中央广播电视总台4K超高清频道。	It is reported that Guangdong Cable Network has opened 5 sets of 4K live channels. On the National Day, the province will also start to broadcast the 4K Ultra HD channels of the China Media Group.
报道内容如下：9月30日，是国家第5个烈士纪念日。	The report is as follows: September 30 is the fifth national Memorial Day.
当天上午10时，习近平等党和国家领导人同首都各界代表一起出席向人民英雄敬献花篮仪式，缅怀英雄烈士。	At 10 am on the same day, Xi Jinping and other Party and state leaders, together with representatives from all sectors of the capital, attended the ceremony for presenting flower baskets to the people's heroes to remember the heroes and martyrs.
对此央视发表快评：这是我国英雄烈士保护法施行后第一个烈士纪念日。	For this, CCTV issued a quick comment: this was the first Memorial Day after the implementation of the law for the protection of heroes and martyrs in China.
5年前，把烈士纪念日设立于国庆前夕，昭示中华民族从苦难走向辉煌的伟大历程，我们要时刻警醒 ： “ 我们从哪里来，我们走向何方 ” 。	Five years ago, the Memorial Day was set up on the eve of the National Day, marking the great course of the Chinese nation from suffering to glory. We must always be vigilant that "where we come from and where to go".
习近平总书记深刻指出 ， “ 抛弃传统、丢掉根本就等于割断了自己的精神命脉 ” 。	General Secretary Xi Jinping profoundly pointed out that "abandoning tradition and discarding the root is equivalent to cutting off one's own spiritual lifeline".
“不忘历史才能开辟未来 。 ”	"Only by remembering history can we open up the future. "
我们崇尚英雄、纪念烈士，就是要永远铭记历史，赓续英烈精神，凝聚起民族复兴的强大正能量。	We advocate heroes and commemorate martyrs, which means we must always remember history, persist heroic spirit, and condense the strong positive energy for national rejuvenation.
快评指出，英烈是民族的脊梁。	The quick comment has pointed out that heroes are the backbone of the nation.
尊崇烈士、祭奠烈士，就是要让英烈成为我们心底崇高、圣洁、强大的永恒记忆。	To honor and pay homage to the martyrs is to let the heroes and martyrs become our noble, holy, and powerful eternal memory in the heart.
据不完全统计，约有2000万名烈士为民族独立、人民解放和国家富强、人民幸福英勇牺牲。	According to the incomplete statistics, around 20 million martyrs died heroically for national independence, liberation of the people, prosperity of the country and the well-being of the people.
每一位为国捐躯的先烈都会被铭记，每一种精忠报国的精神都会被仰望。	Every martyr who died for the country will be remembered, and every spirit of loyalty to the country will be respected.
为他们设立国家纪念日，组织各种形式的纪念活动，正是为了以国家的名义向他们致敬，深切缅怀他们的丰功伟绩，学习传承他们热爱祖国、忠于人民、无私奉献、敢于牺牲的宝贵精神。	To set up the national Memorial Day for them and organize various forms of commemorative activities is to pay homage to them in the name of the country, deeply remember their great achievements and learn to pass on their precious spirit of loving the motherland, being loyal to the people, selfless dedication and daring to sacrifice.
各级党委政府完善抚恤优待体系，不断提高抚恤待遇水平，党和国家以切实行动践行了对英雄的尊崇。	Party committees and governments at all levels have improved the pension preferential treatment system and constantly raised the level of pension treatment. The Party and the state have honored heroes with concrete actions.
每年无数人瞻仰烈士陵园，让我们体会到群众缅怀的深切之情，感受到民族血脉中升腾而起的复兴动力。	Every year, countless people pay tribute to the martyrs cemetery, which let us feel the deep people's feeling of the memory, and feel the power of revival risen from the national blood.
崇尚英雄、捍卫英雄、学习英雄、关爱英雄在全社会蔚然成风。	Advocating, defending, learning from and caring for heroes has become a common practice in the whole society.
快评最后指出，在中国特色社会主义进入新时代的今天，我们可以告慰长眠地下的英烈们的是：一个强大的中国正在东方崛起，中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦正在我们手中化为现实。	The quick comment finally pointed out that in the new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics today, we can comfort the dead and buried heroes and martyrs that a strong China has been rising from the east, and the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation has been becoming a reality in our hands.
让我们以英烈精神砥砺前行力量，向着伟大目标奋进！	Let's forge ahead with the spirit of heroes and martyrs, and move forward to the great goal!
财政部对跨境电商试行免收增值税消费税	Ministry of Finance Trial Implementation of Exemption VAT Consumption Tax on Cross-border E-commerce
通知指出，对综试区电子商务出口企业出口未取得有效进货凭证的货物，同时符合相关条件的，试行增值税、消费税免税政策。	The notice pointed out that for goods that have not obtained valid stock certificates for e-commerce export enterprises in the comprehensive experimental area and meet the relevant conditions, the VAT and consumption tax exemption policies will be trialled.
(一)电子商务出口企业在综试区注册，并在注册地跨境电子商务线上综合服务平台登记出口日期、货物名称、计量单位、数量、单价、金额。	(I) E-commerce export enterprises registered in the comprehensive experimental area, and the export date, goods name, measurement unit, quantity, unit price and amount are registered in the registration place cross-border e-commerce online integrated service platform.
(二)出口货物通过综试区所在地海关办理电子商务出口申报手续。	(II) The export goods shall go through the e-commerce export declaration procedures through the customs of the location of the comprehensive experimental area.
(三)出口货物不属于财政部和税务总局根据国务院决定明确取消出口退(免)税的货物。	(III) Export goods are not goods that the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration clearly cancel the tax rebate and free export.
据悉，上述通知自2018年10月1日起执行，具体日期以出口商品申报清单注明的出口日期为准。	It is reported that the above notice has been implemented since October 1, 2018, and the specific date is subject to the export date indicated in the export commodity declaration list.
第五个“残障发声月”到来 关注残障青少年性教育问题-中新网	The fifth "Month of vocalization for the disabled" comes; focus on the issue of sex education for disabled teenagers - China News
近年来，中国青少年性教育话题被广泛讨论，但对于残障青少年性教育，挑战仍很艰巨。	In recent years, the topic of sex education for Chinese teenagers has been widely discussed, but the challenge for sex education for disabled teenagers is still arduous.
近日，残障人士全面性教育挑战与实践策略研讨会在北京召开。	Recently, the seminar on challenges and practical strategies of comprehensive sex education for the disabled was held in Beijing.
如何对残障儿童与青年进行性教育，成为本次研讨会的重要议题。	It is an major issue about how to carry out sex education for disabled children and young people in this seminar.
会上发布的《中国残障儿童与青年的性相关知识、态度与行为报告》显示，残障儿童遭受性骚扰、性侵犯的比例高于健康儿童。	"The report of sexual knowledge, attitudes and behaviors of Chinese disabled children and young people" released at the meeting reveals that the proportion of disabled children subjected to sexual harassment and abuse is higher than that of healthy children.
对于残障儿童、青少年，社会上给予更多的也是“性保护”的关注。	For disabled children and teenagers, what the society focuses on is the attention of "sexual protection".
本次研讨会旨在从家庭支持、学校教育、机构服务三方面探讨在中国推进残障儿童与青少年全面性教育，从源头上为残障儿童与青少年提供支持，让他们和旁人一样，拥有自在享受爱的权利。	This seminar aims at promoting the comprehensive sex education for disabled children and teenagers in China from three aspects of family support, school education and institution services, providing support to the disabled children and teenagers from the source, thus letting them enjoy the right of love as others do.
专家认为，一直以来，中国社会公众对残障群体的认识都停留在一个不够深入的层面上。	Experts believe that the Chinese public understanding of disabled groups has remained at a level that is not deep enough for a long time.
受传统观念等因素影响，中国对残障人士，尤其是残障儿童和青少年的全面性教育还不够深入。	Being influenced by the traditional concept and other factors, the comprehensive sex education for the disabled, especially for the disabled children and teenagers in China, is not deep enough.
但近年来，在联合国教科文组织和公益人士的支持下，中国残障人士全周期全面发展的性与生殖健康教育实践与实现路径有了可喜的发展。	However, in recent years, with the support of the UNESCO and public-spirited people, the practice and implementation path of full-cycle comprehensive sexual and reproductive health education for the disabled in China have made gratifying progress.
《报告》显示，视障、听障、智力障碍与肢体障碍儿童与青年在获取性知识、对亲密关系的理解上虽然会比一般人多一些困难，但总体上已经向便捷化、丰富化发展。	"The report" shows that the children and young people with visual impairment, hearing impairment, intellectual impairment and physical impairment have more difficulties in acquiring sexual knowledge and understanding intimate relationship than the ordinary people, but they have generally developed towards convenience and enrichment.
“残障人士全面性教育挑战与实践策略研讨会”由上海有人公益基金会主办，联合国教科文组织驻华代表处、国际助残联盟 (法国)北京代表处、联合国人口基金驻华代表处共同支持，旨在健康中国大战略背景下，共同探讨残障人士全周期全面发展的性与生殖健康教育实践与实现路径，促进特殊教育和融合教育领域的政策制定者、教育者、研究者、社会服务组织、家长代表等各利益相关方了解全面性教育的国际政策和残障儿童与青年的健康权；针对国内残障儿童和青年的性教育实践、策略、挑战和资源等进行广泛交流，就将来如何面向残障儿竞和青年开展全面性教育进行讨论并制定蓝图，形成支持网络。	"The seminar on challenges and practical strategies of comprehensive sex education for the disabled" is held by the Shanghai Youren Public Welfare Foundation and supported by the UNESCO Representative Office in China, the Beijing Representative Office of the International League for Disabled Persons (France) and the UNFPA Representative Office in China. Its purpose is to explore the practice and implementation path of full-cycle comprehensive sexual and reproductive health education for the disabled in the context of grand strategy of healthy China, and promote the interested parties of policy makers, educators, researchers, social service organizations and parents’ representatives in the field of special education and integrated education to understand the international policy on comprehensive sexual education and the right to health of disabled children and young people; the practices, strategies, challenges and resources of sex education for disabled children and young people in China are widely exchanged, and the way of comprehensive sex education for disabled children and young people in the future is discussed and a blueprint is set up to form a support network.
路透北京9月30日 - 中国央行周日公布外币资产预定短期流出净额数据显示，截至今年8月末央行的外币对本币远期合约和期货合约空头头寸连续12个月为零，当月仍无多头头寸。	Report of the Reuters on September 30 in Beijing - People's Bank Of China released its predetermined short-term net outflow of foreign currency assets on Sunday and showed as of the end of August this year, its short positions in forward and futures contracts for foreign currencies vs local currencies remained zero for 12 consecutive months, and there were still no long position in that month.
央行此前数据显示，截至去年8月末央行共持有外币对本币远期合约和期货合约空头头寸60.44亿美元，为连续第四个月不变；以SDR(特别提款权)计值的空头头寸规模为42.76亿SDR。	Previous data from the People's Bank Of China showed that as of the end of August last year, the it had a total short position of $6.044 billion in forward and futures contracts for foreign currencies vs local currencies, unchanged for the fourth consecutive month; the short position in SDR (Special Drawing Rights) was 4.276 billion SDR.
此后，央行的外汇远期空头头寸一直为零。	Since then, the foreign exchange forwards short position of the People's Bank Of China remained zero.
央行在2016年3月底首次公布该数据；数据显示2016年2月底央行的外币对本币远期合约和期货合约多头头寸24.38亿美元，空头头寸289亿美元。	People's Bank Of China released the data for the first time at the end of March 2016; the data showed that at the end of February 2016, its long positions in forward and futures contracts for foreign currencies vs local currencies was US$2.438 billion and short positions was US$28.9 billion.
同年10月底公布的9月数据首次出现空头净增加164.01亿美元至453.01亿美元。	The data in September released at the end of October of the same year showed a net short position increase of $16.401 billion to $45.301 billion for the first time.
央行此前曾表示，外币对本币的远期和期货空头头寸主要反映了央行为满足企业外币负债套期保值需求而与商业银行开展的外汇远期操作，将继续按实需原则提供远期避险产品，央行远期操作对未来外汇储备规模的影响较小。	People's Bank Of China has previously said that the forward and futures short positions of foreign currencies vs local currencies mainly reflected the forward operations of foreign exchange carried out by the People's Bank Of China with commercial banks with the purpose of meeting the hedging needs of enterprises' foreign currency liabilities. It would continue to provide forward hedging products according to the principle of actual demand, and the forward operations of the People's Bank Of China would have minor impact on the scale of future foreign exchange reserves.
今年9月20日晚,K158次列车上,在郑州读大三的乔同学乘车去鹤壁。	On the evening of September 20 this year, on the K158 train, student Qiao, who was a junior in Zhengzhou, took the train to Hebi.
火车上一位大爷买的是无座票,却占了她的座 : “ 拍吧拍吧 ” 。	An elder uncle on the train bought a ticket without seat, but he took up her seat, and said: "you can take photos, whatever".
两个小时的车程,列车长劝了他一小时仍无效。	During the two hours of driving, the train conductor advised him for an hour, however it still had no results.
最终,同车厢的一名男乘客看不下去把大爷拽起。	In the end, a male passenger in the same carriage could not stand up and pulled up the elder uncle.
从舆情看,虽然最终结果大多都是霸座者被公众谴责、被公安部门行政处罚,甚至被纳入诚信黑名单,但是公众仍觉得不“解恨 ” : 为什么不能让霸座者当场受到处罚?	From the public opinion, although the final result is mostly that the persons who forcibly occupy seats are condemned by the public, administratively punished by the public security department, and even included in the blacklist of integrity, the public still feels that it does not "vent their hates": Why can’t the persons who forcibly occupy seats be punished on the spot?
为什么不能当场阻止其不道德甚至不合法的行为、而是事后才能对其进行处罚?	Why can’t stop immoral or even illegal behavior on the spot, but can only punish it afterwards?
而对于“霸座大爷”的无理行为,怎么只是一名男乘客“路见不平”而将其拽起?	And for the unreasonable behavior of "the elder uncle who forcibly occupy seats", why only a male passenger pull him up because of "Road see injustice"?
其主要原因是,只有长途列车上才配备有乘警,短途列车一般没有；即使有乘警,乘警也多顾虑到霸座者可能的无赖反应而没有采取强制带离措施。	The main reason is that only long-distance trains are equipped with railway policemen, and there is generally no railway policemen for short-distance trains; even if there is railway policemen, the passengers are more concerned about the possible rogue reactions of the persons who forcibly occupy seats and do not take compulsory taking away measures.
屡次出现的霸座事件让人们意识到,必须让霸座者当场被强制带离甚至被处罚才能起到震慑作用。	Repeated seats forcibly occupied events have made people realize that it is necessary to let the persons who forcibly occupy seats be forced to take away or even be punished on the spot.
这就要求,我们的列车乘警要敢于及时采取强有力措施,没有乘警的列车应该尽快配置乘警,以保全及时制止和打击违法行为。	This requires that our railway policemen should dare to take powerful measures in a timely manner. Trains that do not have policemen should make deployment as soon as possible to preserve and prevent illegal activities in a timely manner.
10月1日，国庆长假第一天，经四川北川羌族自治县前往茂县松潘方向车辆猛增。	It is the first day of the National Day holiday in October 1. There is a surge in the vehicles heading for Mao County and Songpan County via Beichuan Qiang Minority Autonomous County in Sichuan.
13时许，北川交警接到一求助电话，称其家人在松潘发生交通事故，因当地医疗条件有限，目前急需送往绵阳救治。	Beichuan Traffic Police received a call for help at about 13:00 saying that a family member had a traffic accident in Songpan and was badly in need of being sent to Mianyang for treatment due to the limited local medical conditions.
恰逢北川唐家山堰塞湖环湖路实行单向交通管制，想请交警对120急救车予以放行。	However, the Huanhu Road of Tangjiashan quake lake in Beichuan was under one-way traffic control, so the caller hoped the traffic police would permit the 120 emergency ambulance to pass though the road.
接到求助电话后，值班民警迅速将该情况上报大队，大队长黄学民简单了解情况后，立即安排管制点位执勤民警与求助者联系，要求全力做好护送工作。	After getting the call for help, the policeman on duty quickly reported this to the traffic police group. After understanding the general situation, the group leader Huang Xuemin immediately arranged the policemen on duty at the controlled site to contact with the help seeker and asked them to do the escort job well.
“当时进入管制路段的车辆有一千余辆，经与120急救车联系后，预计到达北川境内时间为15时左右，我们立即进行安排部署 。 ”	"There were more than 1000 vehicles having entered the controlled road segment at that time. After contacting with the 120 emergency ambulance, we estimated that it would arrive at Beichuan at about 15:00, so we implemented the arrangement and deployment immediately. "
北川交警禹里中队中队长笪魏介绍，急救车需要从唐家山堰塞湖环湖路绕行，且道路险峻狭窄，为防止已经进入该段道路的车辆行车双排并行，交警提前一个小时在道路的起、中、尾三个点位对车辆实行分段管制，并提醒所有通过的驾驶员要让开一边的道路，为急救车错车。	The leader of Yuli Squadron of Beichuan Traffic Police Da Wei introduced that the emergency ambulance needed to bypass the Huanhu Road of Tangjiashan quake lake, and the road was steep and narrow. In order to prevent the vehicles in the road segment from running side by side, the traffic police implemented the subsection control of vehicles in the beginning, the middle and the end of the road an hour in advance and reminded all drivers passing through it to make a way for the emergency ambulance.
随后，擂鼓中队民警也暂时停止车辆进入管制路段，排队让行即将到达的120急救车。	Later, the policemen of Leigu Squadron also stopped the vehicles entering the controlled road segment temporarily, and asked the vehicles to form a line to make a way for the incoming 120 emergency ambulance.
15时许，一辆川U牌照救护车驶入北川境内，北川交警派一辆警车开道，护送急救车一路逆行进入管制路段。	An emergency ambulance with a "Chuan U" license plate was driving into Beichuan at about 15:00, and Beichuan Traffic Police sent a police car to clear the way and escort the emergency ambulance into the controlled road segment by driving against the traffic.
据了解，环湖路有的地方只能一辆车通过，民警提前对这些地方进行临时管制，保证了120急救车顺利通过。	It was learned that some places on Huanhu Road only permitted one vehicle passing through, and the police implemented the temporary control at these places so that the 120 emergency ambulance could successfully pass through.
到达漩坪乡十里碑村时，有一段道路无法错让，于是交警提前与村两委取得联系，借用该村村道绕行，并禁止社会车辆进入。	It was impossible to give way in a road segment in Shilibei Village in Daxuanping Town, so the traffic police got in touch with the village party branch and village committee in advance to use the village road for bypassing and stop the social vehicles from entering.
“从北川交警接到120急救车到驶入302省道正常道路仅用了40分钟 。 ”	"It only took 40 minutes from Beichuan Traffic Police met the 120 emergency ambulance to drive into the normal road of the 302 provincial highway. "
笪魏介绍说，按照正常情况，整个通过时间需要花费4个小时。	Da Wei explained that the overall passing time needed to be 4 hours under normal circumstances.
“此次安排，顺利为病人争取到了宝贵的治疗时间 。 ”	"This arrangement has successfully saved precious treatment time for the patient. "
据悉，17时20分，危重病人及时送达到绵阳进行救治。	It was learned that the critically ill patient was timely sent to Mianyang for treatment at 17:20.
印尼地震及海啸导致的确认死亡人数迅速上升至832人，当局担心该数字还会上升，因为救援人员难以对失去联系的边远地区提供援助。	The number of confirmed deaths caused by the earthquake and tsunami in Indonesia has risen rapidly to 832. Authorities are worried that the number will rise, as rescue workers find it difficult to provide assistance to remote areas that have lost contact.
尤其令人担忧的是栋格拉，巴鲁以北的这一地区人口为30万，接近这次地震的震中。	What is particularly worrying is Donggala, the region north of Palu with a population of 300,000, which is close to the epicenter of this earthquake.
另外有两个地区自周五以来与外界失去联系。	Other two regions have lost contact with the outside world since Friday.
“我们尚未收到其他三个地区的报告。”	"We have not received reports from the other three regions."
通讯和电力仍中断。	Communication and electricity power are still disrupted.
Nugroho表示，失踪者中包括五名外国人，其中三位是法国人、一位韩国人及一位马来西亚人。	Nugroho said there were five foreigners missing and three of them were French, one was Korean and one was Malaysian.
地震及海啸造成832人死亡。	The number of deaths caused by the earthquake and tsunami is 832.
印尼副总统卡拉表示，死亡人数可能会上升至数千人。	Indonesian Vice-President Kalla said that the number of deaths might rise to thousands.
稍早印尼总统佐科-维多多已经勘察灾区，并呼吁民众忍耐。	Indonesian President Joko Widodo have investigated the disaster areas and appealed the public for patience in earlier time.
路透11月4日 - 英国每日电讯报周日报导，英国脱欧事务大臣拉布(Dominic Raab)私下要求英国在三个月后脱离爱尔兰边境“保障”安排的权利。	Report of Reuters on November 4: The English Daily Telegraph reported on Sunday that Dominic Raab, the Brexit Secretary, privately required Britain to break away from the right arranged by the "guarantee" of Irish border in three months.
报导称，拉布上周二在伦敦的一个私人会议上，向爱尔兰副总理兼外交贸易部长科文尼(Simon Coveney)提出了这项要求。	It was reported that Raab made this request to Simon Coveney, the Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Trade Minister of Ireland, at a private meeting in London last Tuesday.
报导指出，这一要求与三天后英国内阁办公室大臣李登顿(David Lidington)访问都柏林时的表态“明显矛盾 ” 。	The report pointed out that this request was "obviously contradictory" to the statement made by David Lidington, the British Cabinet Office Secretary, during his visit to Dublin three days later.
英国脱欧事务部表示，不会对私人会议置评。	The Brexit Department said that it would not comment on private meetings.
昨天早晨8点05分，两名扒窃嫌疑人在20路公交车永定门站至珠市口站扒窃时被擒。	Two suspected pickpockets were caught when they were picking pockets on No. 20 bus from Yongding Gate Station to Zhushikou Station at 8:05 yesterday morning.
两名扒窃男子将乘客的外衣口袋割破，把其中的800元现金偷走，让早已经蹲守在旁的民警抓个正着。	These two male pickpockets cut the passenger's coat pocket, and stole 800 yuan cash from it. However, they were caught red-handed by the policemen, who had already waited nearby.
这是国庆期间北京警方破获的首起扒窃案件。	This is the first pickpocket case cracked by Beijing police during the National Day holiday.
昨天早上5点多，北京公安机动侦查总队反扒侦查员们到达了预定的位置。	The anti-pickpocket investigators of Beijing Police Mobile Investigation Corps arrived at the designated position at about 5:00 yesterday morning.
按照以往的经验，人流量集中的地方，公交枢纽、公交地铁线上，包括天安门广场观看升旗的人群中，都是他们工作的重点地区。	According to the previous experience, the places with massive human traffic, including the public transit hubs, bus and subway lines, and even the crowd watching the flag-raising ceremony in Tiananmen Square, are the key areas in their work.
在人流中，便衣民警们冷静地观察着过往人群。	In the crowd, the plainclothes policemen were calmly observing the people passing by.
早上7点多，正在公交站蹲守的侦查员发现两名可疑男子尾随着一名男乘客从永定门站上了20路公交车。	The investigators, who were waiting at the bus station, found two suspicious man following a man to get on No. 20 bus from Yongding Gate Station at about 7:00.
在车上，两名可疑男子一左一右，将男乘客夹在中间，其中一人试图给另外一人打掩护。	On the bus, the two men standing on the left and right of the male passenger, and one of them tried to provide cover for the other.
可是他们不知道，自己的一举一动早已落在了一旁观察的便衣民警眼中。	But they didn't know that the plainclothes policemen standing by were paying close attention to their every movement.
“抓贼抓赃 ” ， 便衣民警抓人讲究火候，在等待男子下手盗窃的过程中，民警目不转睛地盯着准备扒窃的男子，就在他们扒窃得手后被侦查员一举抓获。	"Catch the thief with the stolen goods". It was very critical for the plainclothes policemen to choose the timing of catching the thief. While waiting for the men to steal, the policemen had to keep their eyes on them, who were preparing for the pickpocket. As soon as they succeeded in pickpocket, the investigators caught them at one stroke.
北京晨报记者看到，民警从盗窃嫌疑人身上查获了800元现金。	The reporter of Beijing Morning Post learned that the policemen ferreted out 800 yuan cash from the suspected pickpockets.
“这钱是他们从乘客衣服兜里拿走的 。 ”	"They took the money from the passenger's coat pocket. "
民警指着一件破了的外套口袋说 ： “ 他们把这里割开，扒窃了一位来京旅客的800元,我们抓到他们时，钱刚被装进他们自己的口袋 。 ”	The policeman pointed to a broken coat pocket and said: "They cut it here, and stole 800 yuan cash from a Beijing tourist. When we caught them, they had just put the money into their pocket. "
记者了解到，为了将这两人抓到，便衣民警足足跟了一个小时，终于在其作案时一举擒获。	The reporter learned that the plainclothes policemen had followed the suspected pickpockets for an hour in order to catch them. Finally, they caught them at one stroke when they were committing a crime.
目前两名嫌疑人正在接受警方的审查。	Currently, the two criminal suspects were under the police's examination.
便衣民警告诉记者，在人群中谁可疑，这个问题对民警来说很简单。	The plainclothes policeman told the reporter that it was easy for the policeman to recognize the suspects in the crowd.
“抓小偷抓多了就会发现，他们的眼神、神态和普通乘客不同,除了盯着人家的口袋和背包外，他们也喜欢往人群里钻，而不是躲着人走 。 ”	"You will find out that the thieves' eyes and expressions were different from the ordinary passengers' when you have caught a number of thieves. In addition to staring at other people's pockets and backpacks, they also like to get into the crowd instead of avoiding the crowd. "
民警还告诉记者，嫌疑人等车往往没有目的性，喜欢在车站游荡，找到下手扒窃的对象后才会尾随上车。	The policeman also told the reporter that the suspects were often purposeless while waiting for the bus. They liked to wander at the bus station and would follow the target to get on a bus.
“这些都是经验之谈，便衣干多了干久了，自然就知道了 。 ”	"These are the voices of experience. If you have worked as a plainclothes policeman for a long time enough, you will know it quite sensibly. "
此外，民警还提示说 ， “ 外衣兜放东西最方便，也最容易被窃 。 ”	Furthermore, the policeman also reminded: "It is the most convenient to put things in the coat pocket, but it will be the easiest to be stolen. "
游玩乘车期间要注意自身财物，以防被盗。	Mind your own property when you are traveling outside and taking a bus to avoid being stolen.
中新网通辽9月30日电 (张林虎)30日，内蒙古自治区通辽市委宣传部官方微信发布消息称，通辽市科左中旗旗委常委、宣传部长韩白乙拉酒驾致3人死亡。	China News Service, Tongliao, September 30th (Zhang Linhu) - On the 30th, the official WeChat of the Propaganda Department of the Tongliao Municipal Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region released a message saying that the death of three people were caused of drunk driving by Han Baiyila, member of the Standing Committee of the Communist Party Committee of Tongliao Horqin Left Wing Middle Banner, and the Minister of Propaganda.
9月29日下午，52岁的科左中旗旗委常委、宣传部长韩白乙拉在通辽市开发区胜利北路赛马场南1公里处，驾驶小型普通客车与环卫电动三轮车发生交通事故，造成2人当场死亡，1人受重伤，经抢救无效死亡。	On the afternoon of September 29, the 52-year-old Han Baiyila, member of the Standing Committee of the Communist Party Committee of Tongliao Horqin Left Wing Middle Banner and the Minister of Propaganda, was involved in a traffic accident with a environmental sanitation electric tricycle for driving a small ordinary passenger car at the palce of 1 km south of the racecourse of Shengli North Road in Tongliao Development Zone, causing two people died on the spot and one person was seriously injured and died after being rescued.
据了解，肇事嫌疑人韩白乙拉因酒后危险驾驶造成人员伤亡，已被公安机关刑事拘留，通辽市纪委监委已介入调查。	According to information, the suspected Han Baiyila, who caused casualties due to dangerous driving after drinking, has been criminally detained by the public security organs, and the supervision committee of the Tongliao Municipal Discipline Inspection Commission and Supervisory Commission have been involved in the investigation.
目前，事件正在进一步调查当中。	The incident is currently under investigation.
记者10月1日从中国公安部交通管理局获悉，国庆假期首日，各大城市周边道路和高速公路交通流量大幅上升，截至当日17时，除少数节点路段仍有车辆缓行外，各地高速公路、国省道交通总体平稳有序，全国未接报一次死亡5人以上道路交通事故，29个省区市未接报一次死亡3人以上事故。	The reporter learned from China's Ministry of Public Security Traffic Management Bureau on October 1 that the traffic volume of roads and highways around major cities increased significantly on the first day of the National Day holiday. As of 17:00 on the same day, except the slow moving traffic in a few of road sections, the general traffic in highways connecting regions and national or provincial roads was smooth and orderly. No road traffic accident involving more than 5 deaths was reported across the country, and no road traffic accident involving more than 3 deaths was reported in 29 provinces.
当日上午，各地普遍迎来出行高峰，各大城市周边道路和高速公路交通流量大幅上升，局部路段以及收费站、服务区、桥梁、隧道、互通立交等节点因为流量过大、道路瓶颈、刮擦事故等原因，不同程度出现车辆缓行排队现象，特别是京津冀、长三角、珠三角、成渝地区较为突出；下午流量有所回落，道路交通逐步恢复。	That morning, the peak travel generally occurred in many places, and the traffic volume of roads and highways around major cities increased significantly. There were different levels of slow moving traffics in some road segments and road nodes, including toll stations, service areas, bridges, tunnels, and interchanges, due to the reasons of excessive traffic flow, bottlenecks of the roads, scratching accidents, especially in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Chengdu-Chongqing Region; the traffic volume decreased slightly in the afternoon, and the road traffic was gradually recovering.
据知，假期第一天，全国交警启动假期交通安保战时勤务，共投入警力19万余人次、警车7万余辆次，严密巡逻管控，严管通行秩序，及时疏导交通，快速处理事故，广泛宣传提示引导，多措并举，全力保障假期首日道路安全畅通。	It was reported that the national traffic police started the active service of holiday transportation security on the first day of holiday. A total of more than 190000 police officers and more than 70000 police cars were used. Patrol was strictly controlled, traffic order was strictly managed, traffic was dispersed timely, accident was handled rapidly, publicity, reminder and guide were implemented widely, and various measures were taken in order to ensure the safe and smooth roads on the first day of holiday.
预计2日部分进出城高速公路、国省道交通流量仍将在高位运行，同时旅游景区流量将明显上升，交通拥堵和安全风险加大。	It was predicted that some highways and national or provincial roads in and out of the city would still have high traffic volume, and the visitor traffic in tourist attractions would significantly increase. And the traffic jam and safety risks would increase.
英国首相特雷莎·梅周日呼吁其所在党派团结起来支持她的退欧计划，直接呼吁批评人士予以支持，称他们希望的达成自由贸易协议正是她的退欧计划的核心。	On Sunday, Theresa May, the British Prime Minister, called on her party to unite in support of her Brexit plan and directly appealed to critics for their support, saying that the free trade agreement they hoped to reach was the core of her Brexit plan.
2018年9月30日，英国伯明翰，英国首相特雷莎·梅前往出席保守党会议。	On September 30, 2018, Theresa May, the British Prime Minister, went to attend a Conservative Party meeting in Birmingham, England.
在保守党这场群情激奋的年度会议开始时，特雷莎·梅的计划再次遭到两位前内阁大臣的抨击，其中包括前外交大臣约翰逊称特雷莎·梅的计划“错乱 ” 。	At the beginning of the exciting annual meeting of the Conservative Party, Theresa May's plan was attacked again by two former cabinet ministers, including former Foreign Secretary Johnson who said Theresa May's plan was "disorderly".
但她也获得了支持退欧的其他大臣的大力支持，他们“称赞特雷莎·梅是最有礼貌的人之一 ” ， 国际贸易大臣福克斯和外交大臣亨特还把他们的怒火指向欧盟。	However, she also received strong support from other ministers who supported Brexit, and they "praised Theresa May as one of the most polite persons," while the International Trade Minister Fox and the Foreign Secretary Hunter also pointed their anger at the European Union.
特雷莎·梅已然脆弱的领导力本月进一步承压，因欧盟拒绝了所谓的“契克斯 ” 计划的部分内容。	Theresa May's already-fragile leadership bore further pressure this month, since the European Union rejected some content of the so-called "Chequers" plan.
但特雷莎·梅积极地看待这些协商，称她准备考虑欧盟的疑虑。	However, Theresa May actively treated these negotiations and said that she prepared to consider the concerns of the European Union.
“我对自家政党发出的讯息是，让我们一起合作，为英国找到最好的协议 ， ” 特雷莎·梅表示。	"My message to my Party is that let's work together to find the best agreement for Britain," Theresa May said.
前英国外交大臣约翰逊称特雷莎·梅的计划“错乱 ” ， 并抨击她对退欧没有信心。	The former British Foreign Secretary Johnson called Theresa May's plan "chaotic" and criticized her lack of confidence in Brexit.
他及前英国脱欧事务大臣戴维斯正在力推与欧盟达成加拿大式的自贸协议。	He and the former Brexit Secretary Davis were push for a Canadian-style free-trade agreement with the European Union.
特雷莎·梅则表示，这个提案将使得北爱尔兰执行不同的关税规定，形同北爱尔兰从英国分裂出来。	Theresa May said that this proposal would make Northern Ireland carry out different tariff regulations, akin to its secession from Britain.
时隔6年腾讯迎重大组织架构调整 明确不裁员-中新网	After 6 years, Tencent welcomes major organizational structural adjustment and clears no layoffs - China News Service
30日，腾讯宣布正式启动新一轮整体战略升级，组织架构在时隔6年后迎来新一轮的优化调整，在原有七大事业群(BG)的基础上进行重组整合为六个，并表示调整不涉及裁员。	On the 30th, Tencent announced to officially launch a new round of overall strategic upgrades. The organizational structure embraced a new round of optimization and adjustment after six years. Based on the original seven business groups (BG), it will be reorganized into six. And it is said that the adjustment does not involve layoffs.
腾讯新六大事业群。	Tencent six new business groups.
时隔6年重新调整 2个新事业群出现。	After six years, two business groups appear after readjustment.
据了解，新事业群既保持深耕垂直领域的优势和特点，保留原有的企业发展事业群(CDG ) 、 互动娱乐事业群(IEG ) 、 技术工程事业群(TEG ) 、 微信事业群(WXG ) ； 又突出聚焦融合效应，新成立云与智慧产业事业群(CSIG ) 、 平台与内容事业群(PCG ) 。	According to information that the new business groups not only maintains the advantages and characteristics of the vertical field with deep culturing to retain the original Corporate Development Group (CDG), Interactive Entertainment Group (IEG), Technology and Engineering Group (TEG), and WeiXin Group (WXG), but also focuses on the merging effect to newly establish Cloud and Smart Industries Group (CSIG), Platform and Content Group (PCG).
记者注意到，腾讯原来的移动互联网事业群(MIG ) 、 原网络媒体事业群(OMG)等均消失，尤其是OMG，外界知名度很高。	The reporter noted that Tencent’s original Mobile Internet Group (MIG) and the original Online Media Group (OMG) disappeared, especially for OMG, and it was highly recognized by the outside world.
腾讯表示，新成立的平台与内容事业群(PCG，即Platform & Content Group ) ， 将对原社交网络事业群(SNG ) 、 原移动互联网事业群(MIG ) 、 原网络媒体事业群(OMG)中，与社交平台、流量平台、数字内容、核心技术等高度关联且具有高融合性的板块，进行有机地拆分和重组。	Tencent said that the newly established Platform & Content Group (PCG) will organically split and regroup the highly relevant and highly integrated sectors of social platforms, traffic platforms, digital content, core technologies and etc., in the original Social Network Group (SNG), the original Mobile Internet Group (MIG), and the original Online Media Group (OMG).
而新成立的云与智慧产业事业群(CSIG，即Cloud and Smart Industries Group ) ， 将整合腾讯云、互联网+、智慧零售、教育、医疗、安全和LBS等行业解决方案，推动产业的数字化升级。	The newly established Cloud and Smart Industries Group (CSIG) will integrate the industry solutions of Tencent Cloud, Internet +, Smart Retail, education, health care, safety, LBS and other industries to drive the digital upgrade of industries.
腾讯董事会主席兼首席执行官马化腾表示，互联网的下半场属于产业互联网，上半场腾讯通过连接为用户提供优质的服务，下半场我们将在此基础上，助力产业与消费者形成更具开放性的新型连接生态。	Pony Ma, Tencent Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO, said that the second half of the Internet belongs to industrial Internet, for the first half, Tencent provided quality service to users through connection, while, for the second half we will help industries and consumers to form a more open and new type of connection ecology on this basis.
回应“裁员”传闻：明确不裁员。	Respond to the rumor of "layoff" : it is clear that there will be no layoff.
腾讯发布组织架构调整消息后，有消息称，此次调整将涉及裁员。	After Tencent released the organization structural adjustment, it was reported that the adjustment will involve layoffs.
腾讯相关方面对中新网记者表示 ， “ 可以明确的是，本次组织架构调整不会涉及裁员。我们会对各个业务模块整体平移，先组合再优化 。 ”	Related parties from Tencent told the China News Service reporter, "It is clear that this time of organization structural adjustment will not involve layoffs. We will make monolithic movement to the business sectors as a whole, and then combine and optimize. "
马克龙推动法国为“长棍面包”申遗 保护法国技艺-中新网	In order to protect the French skills, Macron boosted the application to list the "baguette" in France as a World Heritage. -- ECNS
中新网10月1日电 据路透社报道，欧洲国家相继为本国独有饮食申遗，继比利时啤酒及意大利那不勒斯的薄饼后，法国近日也计划申请长棍面包，列入联合国教科文组织(UNESCO)的非物质文化遗产名录。	ECNS, October 1 -- According to Reuters reports, the European countries successively applied to list their unique foods as the World Heritages. After the beer from Belgium and the thin pancake from Naples in Italy, France also planned recently to apply to add its baguette in the UNESCO's nonmaterial cultural heritage list.
据悉，该计划由法国总统马克龙推动，法国面包及糕点业联盟表示支持。	It was reported that the plan was boosted by Macron, the French President, and was supported by French Federation of Bread and Pastry.
他们指出，现在出售的长棍面包，很多都是由大规模生产的急冻面团制成，加入了面粉、水、酵母及盐以外的材料，传统手工面包店正逐渐式微，希望列入名录可保护世界知名的法国技艺。	They pointed out that most of the baguettes sold in the market recently were made of quick-frozen doughs in mass production by adding some ingredients in addition to flour, water, yeast and salt. The traditional handmade bread shops were gradually fading away. They hoped that the world-famous French skills could be protected by adding it to the nonmaterial cultural heritage list.
UNESCO将于11月下旬在毛里求斯举行年度会议，审查非物质文化遗产名录。	The UNESCO would hold the annual conference in late November in Mauritius to review the nonmaterial cultural heritage list.
土耳其爱琴海海域一艘非法移民船沉没致5人死亡。	An illegal immigrant ship sank in the Aegean Sea in Turkey caused five persons’ death.
新华社伊斯坦布尔9月30日电 据土耳其媒体30日报道，一艘搭载非法移民的充气船当天在土耳其爱琴海海域倾覆，造成至少5人丧生。	Xinhua News Agency, Istanbul, September 30 - According to Turkish media reports on the 30th, an inflatable boat carrying illegal immigrants was overturned in the Aegean Sea in Turkey, causing at least five persons’ death.
报道说，这艘原定前往希腊某岛屿的充气船当天在土耳其西北部埃迪尔内省埃内兹地区附近沉没，沉没原因不详。	It is reported that the inflatable boat that was originally scheduled to travel to an island in Greece sank near the Enez area in the northwestern Edirne Province in Turkey. The cause of the sinking is unknown.
目前，尚不清楚沉没充气船上所载非法移民人数。	At present, the number of illegal immigrants carried by the inflatable boat is unknown.
因估计仍有落水人员受困海上，目前相关搜救行动仍在继续。	It is estimated that there are still overboard people trapped in the sea, and the relevant search and rescue operations are still continuing.
爱琴海曾是非法移民经由土耳其偷渡至欧洲大陆的首选通道。	The Aegean Sea was once the preferred route for illegal immigrants to steal into the European continent via Turkey.
土耳其根据2016年3月与欧盟签订的协议对其进行管控后，经由这一通道偷渡的人数大为减少。	After Turkey’s control according to the agreement with the European Union in March 2016, the number of people sneak out through this channel has been greatly reduced.
但今年以来，这条通道上的偷渡人数又出现反弹。	However, from this year, the number of illegal immigrants on this channel has rebounded.
据诺贝尔奖官网消息，瑞典斯德哥尔摩当地时间1日中午11时30分， 美国免疫学家詹姆斯•艾利森和日本免疫学家本庶佑因发现抑制负免疫调节的癌症疗法，荣获2018年诺贝尔生理学或医学奖。	According to news from the official website of Nobel prize, the American immunologist James Allison and the Japanese immunologist Tasuku Honjo won the 2018 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering the cancer treatment of inhibiting the negative immune adjustment at 11:30 am on October 1 local time in Stockholm, Sweden.
据日本媒体报道，本庶佑系第26位获得诺贝尔奖的日本人，也是第5位获得生理学或医学奖的日本人，现年76岁的本庶佑为治疗癌症造新药作出了显著的贡献，他在自己的实验室中得知了自己获奖的消息。	According to Japanese media reports, Tasuku Honjo is the 26th Japanese Nobel Prize winner, and the 5th Japanese winner in physiology or medicine. 76-year-old Tasuku Honjo had made significant contributions to creating new drugs for cancer treatment. He was informed of winning the prize in his laboratory.
据悉，本庶佑生于1942年1月27日，是日本医生、医学家，美国国家科学院外籍院士，日本学士院会员,现任京都大学客座教授。	It is reported that Tasuku Honjo, who was born in January 27, 1942, is a Japanese doctor and medical scientist, a foreign academician of National Academy of Sciences, and a member of Japan Academy. He serves as the guest professor of Kyoto University at present.
本庶佑于1992年发现T细胞抑制受体PD-1，2013年依此开创了癌症免疫疗法，功绩名列《Science》年度十大科学突破之首。	Tasuku Honjo discover the T cell inhibitor receptor PD-1 in 1992, and he initiated the cancer immunotherapy based on it in 2013. His merits and achievements ranked the first of the Annual Top 10 Scientific Breakthroughs of "Science".
本庶佑于2016年9月21日，入选当年的引文桂冠奖名单,被誉为“最接近诺贝尔奖的日本人之一 ” 。	Tasuku Honjo was selected into the list of Citation Laureates, and he was honored as "one of the Japanese people that are losest to the Nobel Prize".
中国游客在泰机场被打：打人者被开除 机场总裁被撤职。	Chinese tourist was beaten at Thai airport: the attacker was fired and the president of the airport was removed from his post.
中新网9月30日电 据泰国头条新闻网报道，近日，中国公民在曼谷廊曼机场被打的视频引发广泛关注。	Report on September 30 of China News: according to the Thai headline news website, recently, a video that a Chinese citizen was beaten at the Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok attracted extensive attention.
当地时间29日下午2时，泰国机场公司廊曼机场总裁苏林瓦就机场保安动手打游客一事进行说明，并深表歉意。	At 2 p.m. On Day 29 in local time, Sullinwa, the president of Don Mueang International Airport of Airports of Thailand, made an explanation and apology on the matter that the airport security beat the tourist.
另一方面，据消息，泰国副总理巴逸高度重视此事，已经下令开除肇事机场工作人员，并且对廊曼机场总裁撤职查办。	On the other hand, according to the news, the Thai deputy prime minister Bayi attached great importance to this matter and had ordered the dismissal of the airport staff. He dismissed the president of Don Mueang International Airport and had him prosecuted.
机场管理局负责人称，当时，这名中国游客不满被拒绝入境，不愿服从管理和待在遣返限定区域，于是与保安人员发生推搡和肢体冲突。	The leader of the airport authority said that at that time, the Chinese tourist was dissatisfied at being denied for entry, unwilling to obey regulations and stay in a restricted area for repatriation, and then got into a scuffle and physical confrontation with the security personnel.
目前，机场管理局已将该名保安停职。	Currently, the airport authority has suspended the security staff from his duties.
此事已对泰国旅游形象造成影响，廊曼机场方面对此事发生深表歉意，为了尽力弥补损失，下一步机场将通过中国大使馆对被袭击的该名中国游客当事人传达深切的歉意。	This case has affected the Thai tourism image. The Don Mueang International Airport apologizes for the case. In order to make up for the loss, the airport will convey its deep apology to the Chinese tourist who was attacked through the Chinese Embassy.
最后，机场总裁苏林瓦表示：依旧欢迎广大中国游客到泰国旅游，现在已经为入泰中国游客提供了更多帮助和便利，包括在入境时开放中国护照专用礼遇通道，其中素万那普机场开放18个，廊曼机场开放21个，普吉机场开放18个；清迈机场开放8个；合艾机场中国游客开放专用10个。	Finally, Sullinwa, the president of the airport said that they still welcomed majority of Chinese tourists to travel to Thailand, and now they have offered the Chinese tourists more assistance and convenience, including opening the Chinese passport special courtesy channels at the time of entry, among them, 18 channels opening at the Suvarnabhumi Airport, 21 channels opening at the Don Mueang International Airportopen, 18 channels opening at the Phuket Airport, 8 channels opening at the Chiang Mai Airport and 18 special channels for Chinese tourists opening at the Hat Yai Airport.
泰国头条新闻网从新任泰国国家移民局总局长、原泰国旅游警察总局副局长素拉切警少将处获悉，泰国副总理巴逸高度重视此事，已经下令开除肇事机场工作人员，并且对廊曼机场总裁撤职查办。	The Thai headline news website learned from Police Major Su La Chi, the newly appointed general director of Thailand Immigration Bureau and the former deputy director of Thailand Tourism Police Bureau that the Thai deputy prime minister Bayi attached great importance to this matter and had ordered the dismissal of the airport staff. He dismissed the president of Don Mueang International Airport and had him prosecuted.
本报讯(实习记者李祺瑶)近年来，多地曾发生校园塑胶跑道不合格的事件。	Report from our correspondent (intern reporter, Li Qiyao): In recent years, the events of unqualified campus plastic runway have occurred in many regions.
为此，教育部下发通知，要求今年11月1日后交付使用的中小学合成材料面层运动场地必须执行新国标。	Therefore, the Ministry of Education issues a notice that requires the sport fields with surfaces made of synthetic materials for primary and secondary schools to implement the new national standard before delivery for use after November 1.
强制性国家标准《中小学合成材料面层运动场地》由教育部牵头组织，26家科研院所和检测机构参与起草，历经两年多的修订，期间曾组织超过100次的专家会议论证，以及全国范围内的实地考察、抽样检验，收集了市场上数百家企业产品不计其数的验证实验。	The mandatory national standard "The sport fields with surfaces made of synthetic materials for primary and secondary schools" is led by the Ministry of Education. 26 research institutes and testing organizations have participated in drafting the standard and it have gone through more than two years of revision. During that time, more than 100 meetings of expert argument were held, and the nationwide field studies and sampling inspections were implemented. Countless validation experiments have been collected from products of hundreds of enterprises on the market.
记者对照2005年的旧国标发现，新国标不仅从“国家推荐标准” 变为 “国家强制标准 ” ， 还增加了诸多内容，包括厚度要求、物理性能、耐老化性能、无机填料含量要求、防滑胶粒高聚物含量要求、面层成品有害物质限量、非固体和固体原料有害物质限量等。	The reporter contrasts the old national standard in 2005 and finds that the new national standard has not only changed from the "national recommended standard" to the "national mandatory standard", but also added a lot of content, including thickness requirements, physical properties, aging resistance, requirements for inorganic filler content, requirements for anti-slip colloidal particle polymer content, limits of harmful substances of surface finished products, limits of harmful substances of non-solid and solid materials, etc.
尤其值得一提的是，新国标对校园塑胶跑道建设中可能产生的有害物质做出了限定，由原来的7项增至18项，并按照家装标准对建成后的跑道挥发性有机物限量做出了规定。	In particular, the new national standard limits the harmful substances that may be produced in the construction process of campus plastic runway, increasing from 7 to 18 items, and stipulates the limits of volatile organic compounds in the built runway according to the standard of home decoration.
如“现浇型和预制型面层成品中有害物质限量及气味要求”中明确规定了有害物质的释放量，要求总挥发性有机化合物不得高于5毫克/立方米，甲醛不得高于0.4毫克/立方米，二硫化碳不得高于7毫克/立方米，苯不得高于0.1毫克/立方米，气味等级不得高于3级。	For example, the release amount of harmful substances is specified in the "Limits of cast-in-situ and prefabricated surface finished products and odor requirements", which requires that the total volatile organic compounds should not exceed 5 mg/cubic meter, formaldehyde should not exceed 0.4 mg/cubic meter, carbon disulfide should not exceed 7 mg/cubic meter, benzene should not exceed 0.1 mg/cubic meter, and the odor grade should not be higher than Grade 3.
新国标还对中小学校园塑胶跑道的取样要求、检验规则、判定规则等问题作出了详细规定。	The new national standard also stipulates in detail the sampling requirements, inspection rules and judgment rules of plastic runways of primary and secondary schools.
此外，校园人工草坪也首次纳入国标强制检测范围。	In addition, the campus artificial lawn has also been included in the mandatory testing scope of the national standard for the first time.
近期各地要就新国标的实施开展专项的工作部署，并在年内将新国标落实情况报送教育部体育卫生与艺术教育司。	In the near future, special work plans will be carried out for the implementation situation of the new national standard all over the country, and the implementation of the new national standard should be submitted to the Department of Sports Hygiene and Arts Education of the Ministry of Education within the year.
中新网客户端成都9月30日电(王禹)30日下午，2018年女乒世界杯决赛赛场上演“国乒内战 ” 。	ECNS Client, Chengdu, September 30 (reported by Wang Yu) -- There was an "internal battle within the Chinese table tennis team" at the 2018 ITTF Women's World Cup finals in the afternoon on September 30.
最终，大满贯得主丁宁4:0力克主场作战的队友朱雨玲，时隔四年再次登上女乒世界杯冠军宝座，这也是中国女乒第21次摘下该项赛事桂冠。	Ding Ning, the Grand Slam winner, finally secured an impressive 4-0 victory over her teammate Zhu Yuling, who was the host, and won the golden medal again in the ITTF Women's World Cup after four years. This was also the 21st time for the Chinese table tennis team to win the championship in the ITTF Women's World Cup.
丁宁和朱雨玲即是队友，又是朋友，双方对彼此的技战术都相当熟悉。	Ding Ning and Zhu Yuling are teammates and friends, so they are very familiar with each other's technique and tactics.
无论是备战还是赛前热身，双方都如影随形。	Regardless of preparing for the game or warming up before the game, they are very closely associated with each other.
进入决赛，两人不约而同地表示已经完成比赛任务。	After entering the finals, both of them invariably expressed that they had fulfilled their competition duties.
但比赛中丁宁与朱雨玲之间的较量，堪称刀光剑影。	However, the contest between Ding Ning and Zhu Yuling can be called as a hot battle.
第一局，大赛经验占优的丁宁开局3：1领先，随后朱雨玲借助丁宁失误将比分追成3平。	In the first set, due to her rich experience of competition, Ding Ning started in the ascendant and was 3-0 ahead. Then, Zhu Yuling took advantage of the mistakes made by Ding Ning and tied it at 3.
随后朱雨玲在进攻中的失误开始增加，丁宁抓住机会连得3分9：5领先，并以10：6率先拿到局点。	Subsequently, Zhu Yuling made increasing mistakes in attack, while Ding Ning seized this opportunity to get 3 points in a row with a 9-5 lead, and was the first to get the game point at 10-6.
虽然朱雨玲连追3分，但丁宁还是利用发球以11：9拿下首局。	Although Zhu Yuling got 3 points straightly, Ding Ning took the opportunity of serving to win 11-9 in the first set.
第二局，朱雨玲的失误依然居高不下，丁宁借助在相持中的优势以6：1遥遥领先。	In the second set, Zhu Yuling still made a lot of mistakes, while Ding Ning made good use of the advantage of being locked in a stalemate and held a safe lead at 6-1.
朱雨玲在2：7落后的情况下，依靠节奏改变连得2分，并且随后利用进攻一度将比分追到8：9。	Despite being 2-7 behind, Zhu Yuling got 2 points straightly by changing her pace, and then narrowed the gap to 8-9 for a time by taking advantage of attacking.
关键时刻，丁宁连得2分11：8再胜一局。	At this crucial moment, Ding Ning got 2 points straightly and won again in the second set at 11-8.
第三局，两人开局咬得比较紧打成3：3平。	Early in the third set, their scores were rather close resulting in a draw at 3-3.
随后丁宁在进攻中失误增多连丢3分，不过她随后利用犀利进攻连得3分将比分追到6平。	Then, Ding Ning made increasing mistakes in attack and lost 3 points in a row. However, she got 3 points straightly in sharp attack to find an equalizer at 6-6.
朱雨玲连得2分再次建立优势，并以10：8率先拿到局点。	Zhu Yuling got 2 points straightly to build her advantage again, and was the first to get the game point at 10-8.
但是丁宁进攻极为凶狠，连得4分后反以12：10拿下第三局。	However, Ding Ning played so hard and so aggressive, and won the third set at 12-10 after getting 4 points in a row.
第四局，朱雨玲开局取得4：2领先。	In the fourth set, Zhu Yuling made a good start and was 4-2 ahead.
但此后丁宁展现了超强的进攻状态，连得4分后打停朱雨玲。	However, Ding Ning showed her ultra strong attacking power soon afterward and got 4 points in a row forcing Zhu Yuling to call a timeout.
暂停回来后，朱雨玲找回一些状态，逐渐将比分追到8：8平。	After the timeout, Zhu Yuling bounced back a bit and gradually tied the score at 8-8.
关键时刻，丁宁没有手软，连得2分拿到赛点。	At this critical moment, Ding Ning had no mercy and got 2 points straightly to reach the match point.
随着朱雨玲回球出界，丁宁4：0横扫对手夺冠。	As Zhu Yuling returned the ball out of bounds, Ding Ning won 4-0 over her rival to take the crown.
上个月，丁宁在保加利亚公开赛摘得桂冠，终结了自己长达14个月的冠军荒，此番来到成都，尽管她在赛前表示自己征战本次比赛并没有设定目标，而在上午结束的半决赛中，丁宁说自己已经完成任务。	Last month, Ding Ning was crowned the winner of the Bulgaria Open and ended her 14-month trophy drought. Although she expressed before the game that she hadn't set any goals for this game in Chengdu, she revealed after the semi-finals in the morning that she had fulfilled her duties.
最终丁宁战胜队友朱雨玲，获得个人第三个世界杯冠军，她对自己的表现表示满意 ： “ 一个冠军对每个运动员而言都很重要。	Finally, Ding Ning defeated her teammate Zhu Yuling to win the third World Cup champion of her own. She was satisfied with her performance: "The champion is very important to every athlete.
赛前自己没想到这个，只是说一场场去拼，决赛自己发挥还是非常满意的 。 ”	I haven't thought of winning the champion before the game. I just want to try my best in each game. I'm very satisfied with my performance in the finals. "
主场作战的川妹子朱雨玲收获一枚银牌，没有完成卫冕的目标，谈及主场热情的观众是否会对自己造成无形的压力时，她说 ： “ 我觉得整个比赛我在压力方面处理的还可以，今天丁宁的发挥非常出色，导致自己一直没有找到节奏 。 ”	As the host, Sichuan girl Zhu Yuling won a silver medal, failing to complete the goal of defending. When talking about whether the enthusiastic home crowd would pose invisible pressure on her, she said: "I feel that I'm doing well in dealing with pressure in the whole game. Ding Ning is playing very well today, but I haven't found my pace. "
激活农村消费，要靠常态化机制净化市场，引导健康消费需求，提升农民消费上的获得感。	For activating rural consumption, it is necessary to rely on the normalization mechanism to purify the market, guide the demand for healthy consumption, and enhance the sense of gain in farmers’ consumption.
数据显示，农村居民消费潜力持续释放，今年上半年乡村消费品零售额增长10.5 % ， 增速高出城镇1.3个百分点。	According to data, the consumption potentiality of rural residents has been continuously released. In the first half of this year, the retail sales of rural consumer goods increased by 10.5%, and the growth rate is 1.3 percentage points higher than that of towns.
在西部某县一个贫困村走访，全村只有一家便利店，走进店里，一些商品似曾相识 ， “ 金龙鱼”标成“金龙油 ” ， “旺仔”成了“旺奶 ” ， “山寨”商品不少。	During the visit to a poor village in a western county, there is only one convenience store in the whole village. Stepping into the store, some items are the brands we familiar with, however there are lots of fake good, such as "金龙鱼" is labeled as "金龙油" and "旺仔" labeled as "旺奶".
这些年来，类似现象频频曝出，一些农村假劣商品傍名牌，名称相近、包装相似、以假乱真，令人防不胜防。	Over the years, similar phenomena have been frequently exposed. Some rural fake and inferior products imitate famous brands, they have similar names and packages to mix the false with the genuine, which is really hard to prevent.
西部某市发布的一项消费调查报告显示，农村商超假货问题严重，有66%的用户在乡镇线下超市买过假货，其中食品占一半以上。	A consumer survey report released by a city in the west shows that rural shopping malls and supermarkets have a serious problem of fake products, and 66% of users have bought fakes in supermarkets in villages and towns offline, of which food accounts for more than half.
有关部门整治农村市场，年年喊打，为何“李鬼”仍屡打不绝？	The relevant departments claim to rectify the rural markets every year, while, why the phenomena of fake products still occur repeatedly?
与城市市场不同，农民维权意识相对不强，再加上不少农村位置偏远，处于监管力量够不着的盲区，让假劣商品有了滋生土壤。	Different from the urban markets, farmers’ awareness of rights protection is relatively weak, and many villages are in remote locations within the blind areas of inspection force can’t reach, so that the fake and inferior goods have a breeding ground.
一个商品多头管，有的部门管价格，有的管生产，有的管市场，职能交叉，年年打假，集中治理一阵风，假货躲过风头，又慢慢冒出来，刚打完旧假，新假又冒出来。	One product has more than one regulatory departments, some are responsible for price, some are for production, and others are for markets, so the functions are overlapped. Strong measures against fake and inferior products have been taken every year, however the central management can only last for a period of time. On one hand, the fakes escape the crack down trend and slowly emerged, on the other hand, the previous fakes just have been dealt and the new fake came out.
缺乏长效监管机制，农村市场难净化，违法成本低，利益大，致使一些不法商贩动起了“上山下乡”的歪脑筋，一些农村地区成为“消废市场 ” 。	Some unscrupulous traders have initiated the idea of "going to the mountainous areas and the countryside" and some rural areas become the "waste elimination markets", both of these problems are because of long-term supervision mechanism, difficulties in purifying rural markets, low illegal cost and higher profit.
从温饱到小康，广大农民正迈向发展型消费。	From food and clothing to well-off, the majority of farmers are moving towards development type consumption.
日前，党中央、国务院发布《关于完善促进消费体制机制 进一步激发居民消费潜力的若干意见 》 ， 其中提出推动农村居民消费梯次升级，目的是让广大农民“能消费 ” “ 愿消费 ” “ 敢消费 ” ， 让农村消费真正旺起来。	A few days ago, the Party Central Committee and the State Council issued the "Some Opinions concerning Stimulating the Consumption Mechanism to Further Encourage the Consumption Potential of Residents", which proposed to promote the level upgrading of the consumption of rural residents. The purpose is to make the majority of farmers to "have ability to consume", "have willing to consume" and "dare to consume" to let the rural consumption really flourish.
一方面要深化改革，消除市场监管政出多门、多头管理弊端，因地制宜，健全食品安全、产品质量监督网络，不断压缩农村制假、售假的空间。	On the one hand, we must deepen reforms, eliminate drawbacks of market management policies coming from multiple departments and regulate by more than one departments. According to local conditions, improve the food safety, product quality supervision network, and constantly reduce the space for rural fake products manufacturing and selling.
另一方面，要加大执法力度，打通监管“毛细血管 ” ， 决不允许假冒伪劣在农村滋生蔓延。	On the other hand, it is necessary to intensify law enforcement and open up the supervision of each department, and never allow the fake and inferior commodities to breed in the countryside.
严惩坑农才是护农，不论制假者藏得多隐蔽，都不应成为假劣商品滋生的理由，相关部门应明确职责，基层监管力量下沉，哪个环节出问题，就要追究责任，让制假、售假者无处藏身。	It is the protection for farmers to severely punish the behavior of entrapping farmers. No matter how concealed the counterfeiters hide, it should not be the reason for the breeding of the fake and inferior commodities. Relevant departments should clarify their responsibilities, and the grassroots supervisory powers should go down. If there is a problem in any part, it is necessary to investigate the responsibility and let the counterfeiters and selling persons have nowhere to hide.
严把市场准入关，对生产经营者实行严格资格审查，把住市场流通关，让产品来路正、去路清，从源头、根子上想办法，让合法经销者安心经营，让农民买得放心。	Strictly control the market access, implement strict qualification examinations for production operators. Keep the market circulation, let the products have clear sources and outlet markets. Think of ways from the source and the roots, let the legal dealers operate with peace of mind, and let the farmers buy with confidence.
激活农村消费，要引导健康消费需求。	Activate rural consumption, guide the demand for healthy consumption.
伴随消费升级，许多农民不仅追求吃得饱、吃得好，还追求文化、健康等高质量生活，不能把农村市场跟“低质 ” “ 廉价”画等号。	As consumption upgrading, many farmers not only pursue of well fed and eat well, but also go after for high quality life with culture and healthy. Thus, rural markets are not equal to "low quality" and "low price".
这需要推动电子商务向广大农村延伸覆盖，畅通城乡双向联动销售渠道，促进线下产业发展平台和线上电商交易平台结合，支持消费新业态新模式向农村市场拓展；推动具备条件的乡镇将商贸物流与休闲农业、乡村旅游、产品加工等有机结合；健全农村现代流通网络体系，优化整合存量设施资源，有效降低农村流通成本。	This needs to promote the extension of e-commerce to the vast rural areas, connect the urban and rural two-way linkage sales channels, promote the combination of offline industry development platform and online e-commerce trading platform, support the new forms and new modes of consumption to expand into the rural market; promote qualified villages and towns to combine trade logistics with leisure agriculture, rural tourism, and product processing dynamically; improve the rural modern circulation network system, optimize the integration of stock facilities resources, and effectively reduce rural circulation costs.
为农村营造一个清朗、放心的市场环境，让农民消费不揪心，农村消费才能越来越旺，才能提升农民消费的获得感、幸福感。	Create a clear and reassuring market environment for the rural areas, so that farmers can afford to buy, so that the rural consumption can become more and more prosperous and the farmers’ senses of gain and happiness can be enhanced.
11月1日起我国降部分商品最惠国税率，关税总水平将降至7.5 %	Our country will reduce the MFN tariff rate for some goods from November 1, and the general tariff level will be reduced to 7.5%.
根据国务院第26次常务会议决定，国务院关税税则委员会30日印发公告，自2018年11月1日起，降低部分商品的最惠国税率。	According to the decision of the 26th executive meeting of the State Council, the Tariff Commission of the State Council announced on September 30 that the MFN tariff rate for some goods would be reduced from November 1, 2018.
根据《国务院关税税则委员会关于降低部分商品进口关税的公告 》 ， 为适应产业升级、降低企业成本和满足群众多层次消费等需求,从今年11月1日起，降低部分工业品等商品的最惠国税率。	According to the "Tariff Commission of the State Council's Announcement on Reducing the Import Tariff for Some Goods", the MFN tariff rate for some goods, including the industrial goods, would be reduced from November 1, 2018 in order to adapt to the industrial upgrading, reduce the enterprise costs, and satisfy people's demands of multilevel consumption.
降税商品共1585个税目，约占我国税目总数的19 % ， 平均税率由10.5%降至7.8 % ， 平均降幅为26 % 。	There were 1585 taxable items in total for the tax reduction goods, which accounted for about 19% of total taxable items in our country. The average tax rate was reduced from 10.5% to 7.8% by an average of 26%.
本次降税主要涉及纺织品；石材、陶瓷、玻璃制品；部分钢铁及贱金属制品；机电设备及零部件，如金属加工机械、纺织机械、工程机械、输变电设备、电工器材、仪器仪表等；资源性商品及初级加工品，如非金属矿、无机化学品、木材及纸制品、宝玉石等。	This tax reduction mainly involved the textiles; stones, ceramics, glass products; some steel and base metal products; electromechanical devices and parts, such as metal processing machinery, textile machinery, engineering machinery, electric transmission and transformation equipment, electrical appliances, instruments and apparatus, etc.; resource goods and primary processed goods, such as non-metal ores, inorganic chemicals, wood and paper products, gemstone and jade, etc.
同时，随着关税总水平尤其是药品、日用消费品进口关税的下调，相应下调进境物品进口税的税目税率。	Meanwhile, with the reduction of general tariff level, especially the import tariff reduction of medicine and consumer goods, the taxable items and tax rate for import tax on imported goods would be reduced accordingly.
为贯彻落实党中央、国务院的决策部署，我国已于今年5月1日起对绝大多数进口药品实施了零关税，7月1日起降低了汽车及零部件、部分日用消费品的进口关税，实施了信息技术协议扩围产品第三步降税。	In order to implement the decisions and deployments of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, our country had implemented the zero tariff on most imported drugs since May 1 this year, had reduced the import tariff for automobiles and parts and some consumer goods since July 1, and had implemented the third step of tax reduction for products in the extended scope of Information Technology Agreement.
记者从国务院关税税则委员会了解到，今年以来，经过连续多次自主调整，我国关税总水平将由上年的9.8%降至7.5 % ， 平均降幅达23 % 。	The reporter learned from the Tariff Commission of the State Council that the general tariff level in our country was reduced from 9.8% of the previous year to 7.5%, by an average of 23% after several continuous independent adjustments.
适当降低关税，有利于促进对外贸易平衡发展，推进更高水平对外开放，也有利于统筹利用国际国内两种资源，推进国内供给侧结构性改革。	Proper tariff reduction would be beneficial to accelerating the balanced development of foreign trade, promoting the higher-level opening to the outside world, overall planning and using the international and domestic resources, and boosting the domestic supply-side structural reform.
该委员会有关负责人表示，今年是改革开放40周年，主动降低关税总水平是落实习近平总书记在博鳌亚洲论坛重要讲话精神的实际行动，也是我国根据自身高质量发展需要进一步扩大开放、主动扩大进口的重要举措，这一行动和举措表明中国将坚定不移奉行互利共赢的开放战略，在增强自身发展动力的同时，也让中国发展更好惠及世界。	The relevant responsible person of the Commission said that this year was the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening-up. Taking the initiative to reduce the general tariff level was the practical action of implementing the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the Boao Forum for Asia, and our country's important measure of further opening up and actively expanding imports based on our demand for high-quality development. These action and measure showed that China would unswervingly pursue the mutually beneficial opening-up strategy, strengthen the motive of self-development, and deliver benefits to the world through its development.
9月29日，甘肃省环县“环乡人”农产品区域公共品牌发布会在天津市南开区举行。	On September 29th, the regional public brand launch event for the "Huanxiangren" agricultural products of Huan County, Gansu Province was held in Nankai District, Tianjin.
红军小米、黑小豆、山童牧歌黑山羊、精装苦荞茶、剪纸皮影册、纯手工拖鞋 … … 一件件包装精美的农产品整齐的摆放在展台上，它们有一个共同的品牌名称叫“环乡人 ” 。	Red Army millet, black bean, mountain kids madrigal black goat, hardcover buckwheat tea, paper-cutting shadow puppets book, handmade slippers... All pieces of beautifully packaged agricultural products is neatly placed on the stand, they have a common brand name called "Huangxiangren".
“打造‘环乡人’区域品牌，有效的解决了环县农产品‘多而散、小而弱’的发展瓶颈，更是成为脱贫攻坚的有力载体 。 ”29日，甘肃环县主办的“环乡人”农产品区域公共品牌发布会在天津市南开区举行。	"Create a regional brand of "Huanxiangren" has effectively solved the development bottleneck of agricultural products in the Huan County, which is ‘more but not centralized, small and weak’, and it has become a powerful carrier for poverty alleviation." On September 29th, the regional public brand launch event for the "Huanxiangren" agricultural products hosted by Huan County, Gansu Province was held in Nankai District, Tianjin.
环县地处陕甘宁三省区交界，作为“全国粮食生产先进县 ” “ 中国小杂粮之乡 ” “ 中国皮影之乡 ” ， 历史悠久、资源富集。	Huan County is located at the junction of the three provinces of Shaanxi, Gansu and Ningxia. It is known as the "National Grain Production Advanced County", "China’s Minor Grain Crops Township" and "China’s Shadow Puppets Township". It has a long history and rich resources.
羊羔肉、黄米酒、荞剁面、燕面柔柔等地方小吃更是身处他乡的游子时常想起的味道。	Local snacks such as lamb meat, yellow millet wine, buckwheat noodles, and oat noodles are the flavors that people often think of when they are away from their hometown.
随着中国城镇化水平不断提高，城市人口快速增多，大量乡村年轻人离开故乡开始城市生活。	As the level of urbanization in China continues to increase, the urban population has increased rapidly, and a large number of rural young people have left their hometowns to start urban life.
中国农业品牌研究专家杨巧佳说 ： “ 现在城市生活节奏快、压力大，越来越多的人开始怀念小时候的乡村生活，但是 ， ‘ 回不去的叫故乡，最美的记忆是乡村 ’ ， ‘环乡人’品牌设计就是以在外漂泊环县人的乡情和乡愁而命名的 。 ”	Yang Qiaojia, an expert on agricultural brand research in China, said: "Currently, urban life is fast-paced and stressful. More and more people are beginning to miss their rural life when they were young. However, ‘the place that cannot go back is the hometown, and the most beautiful memory is from the country’, the brand design of ‘Huanxiangren’ is named after the provincialism and homesickness of the wandering people of Huanhuan County. "
环县气候条件特殊，日照时间长，昼夜温差大，特色小杂粮种植条件得天独厚。	The climate conditions in Huan County are special, the sunshine time is long, the temperature difference between day and night is large, and the conditions for planting special minor grain crops are richly endowed by nature.
境内盛产小杂粮20多种，是中国小杂粮之乡，产量居甘肃之首，质量在全国前列。	There are more than 20 kinds of minor grain crops in the county. It is the hometown of China’s minor grain crops, and its output ranks first in Gansu, and its quality is front ranked in the country.
王小丽是在天津上学的环县姑娘，此次作为志愿者参加推介会，她说 ： “ 家乡的人最亲，故乡的味道最美 ， ‘ 环乡人’品牌勾起了我们的太多乡愁、回忆，念念不忘的更是那儿时的美食，希望‘环乡人’品牌越走越远，越做越大 。 ”	Wang Xiaoli is a Huan County girl who went to school in Tianjin. She participated in the promotion meeting as a volunteer. She said: "The people in my hometown are the most dear people, and the taste of the hometown is the most beautiful. The brand of ‘Huanxiangren’ has evoked too many homesickness and memories. What I have never forgotten is the food at childhood. I hope that the brand of ‘Huanxiangren’ will go further and further and become bigger and bigger. "
国家粮食和物资储备局科学研究院研究员谭斌博士表示，通过对900多组指标数据检测，环县的荞麦、苦荞、黑豆等农产品各项检测数据优势突出，杂粮的很多生理活性物质含量高于标准数据 ， “ 环乡人”具有抢占国内高端杂粮市场的内在优势。	Dr. Tan Bin, a researcher at the Academy for National Food and Strategic Reserves Administration, said that through the detection of more than 900 sets of indicators, the detection data of agricultural products such as buckwheat, tartary buckwheat and black beans in Huanxian County are outstanding, and many physiological activators in miscellaneous grains are high. "Huanxiangren" has the inherent advantage of seizing the domestic high-end miscellaneous grains market.
环县县委书记柴春说，通过“环乡人”品牌发布，能进一步提升环县优质农产品质量化、标准化、规模化创新发展水平，有利于塑造环县农产品良好的整体形象，快速提升知名度、竞争力和附加值。	Chai Chun, secretary of the County Committee of the Huan County, said that through the publish of the "Huanxiangren" brand, it can further improve the quality, standardization and scale of innovation and development of quality agricultural products in Huan County, which is conducive to shaping the good overall image of agricultural products in Huan County and rapidly increasing its popularity, competitiveness and added value.
加拿大7月国内生产总值(GDP)较前月增长0.2 % ， 增幅高于预期，令市场对加拿大央行下月将升息的预期升温。	The gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada grew by 0.2% in July compared with the previous month, with a higher-than-expected growing rate, raising market expectations that the Bank of Canada will raise interest rates next month.
若果真升息，这将是该央行在一年多一点的时间内第五次升息。	If it does, it will be the fifth time in a bit more than a year that the bank raises interest rates.
路透访问的分析师此前预估为增长0.1 % 。	The analysts of Reuters who made an interview previously forecasted a 0.1% increase.
加拿大统计局周五称，20个行业中有12个行业实现增长。	The Statistics Canada said on Friday that 12 of the 20 industries had achieved growth.
该数据之所以值得注意，是因为今年央行本月稍早预计，临时因素可能会拖累第三季GDP数据。	The data is noteworthy for the reason that the Bank of Canada predicted earlier this month that temporary factors could drag down the third-quarter GDP data.
加拿大央行总裁波洛兹周四承诺央行将继续逐步升息，并将密切关注经济数据。	Poloz, the president of the Bank of Canada, promised on Thursday that the bank would continue to gradually raise interest rates and pay close attention to the economic data.
加拿大央行下次公布利率决定将在10月24日。	The Bank of Canada will announce its next interest rate decision on October 24.
由于加拿大经济增强，且失业率接近纪录低位，加拿大央行自2017年7月以来已升息四次。	The Bank of Canada has raised interest rates four times since July 2017 as the Canadian economy has strengthened and the unemployment rate is close to record lows.
凯投宏观的资深加拿大经济学家Stephen Brown说，该国经济第三季GDP环比年率增幅有望达到2%左右。	Stephen Brown, the senior Canadian economist at Capital Economics, said that the country's third-quarter GDP was expected to grow at an annualized rate of around 2%.
“这将高于加拿大央行预期的1.5 % ， 因而将成为预计加拿大央行下月将升息的又一个理由 ， ” 他在一份报告中说。	"This will be 1.5% higher than the expectation of the Bank of Canada, which will be another reason to expect the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates next month," he said in a report.
隔夜指数互换显示，市场对加拿大央行10月升息机率的预估从76.46%升至78.27 % 。	Overnight index swaps show that the market forecasts for probability of risings of interest rate of the Bank of Canada in October rise from 76.46% to 78.27%.
韩朝65年首次联合考察汉江入海口	North Korea and South Korea jointly inspected the entrance of Han River for the first time over the past 65 years
韩国国防部5日证实，韩朝当天对汉江和临津江入海口水域启动联合考察。	On Day 5, the South Korea Defense Ministry confirmed that on the same day, North Korea and South Korea launched joint inspection in the water area of the entrance of Han River and Imjin River.
该举措是为保障双方民间船只自由航行进行的前期准备。	This action is early-stage preparations to ensure the free navigation of civilian vessels for both sides.
韩国国防部当天提供给媒体的通报显示，这是双方自1953年朝鲜战争停战协议签订以来，首次对汉江入海口进行联合考察。	The notification provided by the South Korea Defense Ministry to the media on the same day showed that this was the first joint inspection of the entrance of Han River for both sides since the signing of the Korean War Armistice Agreement in 1953.
韩朝今年9月签订军事协议，商定将于11月起联合考察汉江入海口等水域，以保障日后对该水域进行环境保护、开发旅游等。	North Korea and South Korea signed a military agreement in September, and agreed to jointly inspect the entrance of Han River and other water areas from November, in order to ensure the environmental protection, tourism development and other aspects in such water areas in the future.
10月，韩朝在将军级会议中对水域联合考察进行了规划。	In October, North Korea and South Korea planned a joint inspection of the water areas during a general-level meeting.
11月5日，韩朝水域联合考察正式启动。	On November 5, the joint inspection of the water areas of North Korea and South Korea was officially launched.
联合考察团由韩朝军方、专家等20人组成。	The joint inspection delegation consisted of 20 military personnel and experts from North Korea and South Korea.
据韩国国防部介绍，此次考察中，双方人员均不携带武器，禁止使用刺激对方的言行。	According to the introduction of the South Korea Defense Ministry, during this inspection, personnel from both sides didn’t carry arms and were forbidden to use the words and deeds that could irritate the other side.
“因为入海口附近没有军事分界线，该区域曾是意外高发地段，但通过联合考察，未来这里将变为一个新的和平地段 。 ”	"Since there is no military demarcation line near the entrance, this area was once an accident-prone region. But through joint inspection, it will become a new peaceful area in the future. "
此次韩朝联合考察的水域，总长约70公里，总面积约280平方公里。	The total length of the water areas which were jointly inspected by North Korea and South Korea was about 70 km and the total area was about 280 square kilometers.
韩国国防部介绍，韩方将派6只考察船对海水深度等进行探测，为该水域安全航行提供基础信息；待调查完成后，将为民间船只来往提供导航地图。	The South Korea Defense Ministry said that South Korea would send six inspection vessels to explore the depth of the sea water to provide basic information for the safe navigation in such water areas; after the investigation was completed, navigation maps would be provided for civilian vessels.
韩朝曾于2007年10月在平壤举行首脑会谈，就共同利用汉江和临津江入海口达成协议，但后续谈判因半岛局势紧张而搁浅。	In October 2007, North Korea and South Korea held a summit talk in Pyongyang and reached an agreement on the joint use of the entrance of Han River and Imjin River, while subsequent negotiations deadlocked due to tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
根据韩朝9月签署的军事协议，未来双方船只在共同水域航行前需要提前告知对方。	According to the military agreement signed by South Korea and North Korea in September, vessels of both sides only need to inform the other side in advance before sailing in common waters in the future.
中新网11月5日电 据中国驻蒙古国大使馆网站4日消息，近日，中国公民郭玉芹和毛润新在蒙旅游期间失联。	Report on November 5 of China News: the website of the Chinese embassy in Mongolia reported on November 5 that Chinese citizens Guo Yuqin and Mao Runxin had been missing when traveling in Mongolia, .
据了解，二人系蓝天救援队队员，10月19日，二人与国内亲友联系，表示马上要进库苏古尔湖附近山中探险，并通过微信分享了所在位置，此后失去联系，疑似已前往无人区。	It was understood that these two people were members of the Blue Sky Rescue team. On October 19, they contacted their relatives and friends in China and said they would immediately explore the mountains near the Khovsgol Lake. They shared their location via WeChat and then went missing. It was suspected that they had headed for the no man's land.
中国驻蒙古使馆一贯高度重视保护在蒙中国公民合法权益和安全，高度重视领事保护与协助工作。	The Chinese embassy in Mongolia always paid high attention to the protection of the lawful rights and interests and safety of Chinese citizens in Mongolia, as well as the consular protection and assistance.
得知上述两名游客失联消息后，使馆立即启动领保应急预案，力争抓住黄金救援时间，全力开展工作。	After being informed of the information about the two tourists going missing, the embassy immediately activated the contingency plan for consular protection, strived to seize the prime time for rescue and spared no efforts to work.
使馆与当事人家属保持密切沟通，协助家属立即向蒙警方报案，并向家属提供了翻译名单，以供选择。	The embassy maintained close communication with the two tourists' families, assisted them in immediately reporting the case to the Mongolian police, and provided them with a list of interpreters for their choice.
使馆第一时间约见了蒙古对外关系部、警察总局、紧急情况总局负责人，通报相关情况，请蒙方尽快开展搜救，并在搜救过程中全程与蒙方保持密切沟通，确保及时掌握最新进展。	The embassy made an appointment with the heads of the Mongolian Foreign Relations Department, the General Bureau of Police and the General Bureau of Emergency at first time to report relevant information. The embassy requested the Mongolian side to carry out the search and rescue operation as soon as possible and maintained close communication with the Mongolian side during the search and rescue process to ensure to keep up the latest progress.
同时，使馆协助家属在蒙发布寻人启事，并广泛发动在蒙华侨和中资企业积极参与寻人，提供有效线索，并为赴蒙协助救援的多名蓝天救援队员提供了相关协助。	Meanwhile, the embassy assisted the family members in publishing the notice for missing persons in Mongolia, and extensively mobilized overseas Chinese and Chinese-funded enterprises in Mongolia to actively participate in searching the missing persons, provide effective clues. The embassy also provided relevant assistance to the members of the Blue Sky Rescue team who went to Mongolia for assistance.
在使馆的大力推动下，蒙方第一时间派出救援队，并承诺免除搜救费用。	Under the strong boost of the embassy, the Mongolian side immediately sent a rescue team and promised to exempt the search and rescue costs.
蒙警察总局和紧急情况总局指示库苏古尔省警察和紧急情况部门全力搜救。	The General Bureau of Police and the General Bureau of Emergency of Mongolia instructed the police and emergendy department of Hovsgol province to spare no efforts to search and rescue the missing persons.
由于库苏古尔湖位于蒙古北部与俄罗斯交界处，地处偏远，地广人稀，交通和通讯极其不便，且目前蒙古已进入严冬，气温低至零下20度左右，当地警方和紧急情况部门克服了巨大困难，几乎动员全部警力，并发动当地牧民，通过骑马、步行、探访牧民等方式，在二人失联位置周围广泛范围连日开展地毯式搜救。	Since Khovsgol Lake was located at the border of north of Mongolia and Russia, its location was in remote, and it was a vast territory with a sparse population of which transportation and communication was extremely inconvenient. Meanwhile, Mongolia has currently entered the winter, and the temperature was as low as around -20 degrees. The local police and emergency department overcame great difficulties, almost to mobilize all forces and stimulate the local herdsmen to carry out the carpet search and rescue operation around the wide range of the position where two people lost for days on end through the ways of horse riding, walking, and visiting the herdsmen.
同时，针对牧区特殊情况，蒙方多日来一直通过广播循环发布寻人启事。	Meanwhile, in view of special conditions in the pastoral areas, the Mongolia side has been circularly publishing the notice of missing persons through the radio for days.
国内蓝天救援队相关工作人员亦已来蒙与蒙方一道积极参与救援。	Relevant staff of Chinese Blue Sky Rescue team have also come to Mongolia to actively participate in the rescue work together with the Mongolian side.
两位失联人员的安危始终牵动着我们的心。	The safety of the two missing persons has always affected our hearts.
迄今二人失联已十多天，使馆陆续收到一些线索，但仍未找到二人，目前搜救行动仍在紧张进行之中。	To date, the two people have been lost for more than 10 days. The embassy successively received some clues, but still cannot find them. The search and rescue operation was still under way.
使馆将始终本着“以人为本”原则，持续关注此事，推动蒙方继续全力搜救，并为当事人家属提供最大限度的协助。	The embassy would always follow the principle of "people first", sustain attention to this matter, push the Mongolian side to continue the all-out search and rescue operation and provide maximum assistance to the two persons' families.
使馆呼吁在蒙同胞和企业，如得知相关线索，请第一时间同中国驻蒙古使馆联系。	The embassy appeals to the compatriots and enterprises in Mongolia to contact the Chinese embassy in Mongolia at first time for any relevant clues.
国有企业和优势民营企业走进赣南革命老区。	State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises visited the Gannan revolutionary base area.
9月26日至27日，为深化拓展“不忘初心、牢记使命”主题教育成果，中央军民融合办、国家国防科工局、全国工商联联合组织“国有企业和优势民营企业走进赣南革命老区”调研活动，重温革命历史，追寻红色足迹，传承红色基因，开展相关企业与赣州市的需求对接，促进革命老区加快发展。	From September 26th to 27th, in order to promote and extend the education on the theme of "Remain true to our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind", the Central Commission on Civil and Military Integration and Development, the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized an activity of "state-owned enterprises and outstanding private enterprises visiting Gannan revolutionary base area", so that participants could review the revolution, follow the lead of the central red army, inherit their revolutionary spirit and also help enhance the cooperation between relevant enterprises and Ganzhou city to promote the development of Gannan revolutionary base area.
中央军民融合办常务副主任金壮龙，中央统战部副部长、全国工商联党组书记、常务副主席徐乐江，国家国防科工局局长张克俭，江西省委副书记、赣州市委书记李炳军等参加了调研。	The participants of the activity included Jin Zhuanglong, Executive Deputy Director of the Central Commission on Civil and Military Integration and Development, Xu Lejiang, Deputy Minister of the Central United Front Work Department, Secretary and Executive Vice Chairman of the Party Committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Head of State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense and Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee.
参加调研活动的企业有中国航天科技集团有限公司等8家军工集团公司、湖南稀土金属材料研究院等10家民口国有企业、研祥集团等15家优势民营企业。	The companies participating in the activity included eight military industrial corporations such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, ten state-owned military industrial enterprises producing products for civilian use such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Material Research Institute and 15 dominant private enterprises such as EVOC Group.
其间，调研人员参观了中央红军长征出发地纪念园，缅怀了革命先烈，接受了革命传统教育，回顾了红军长征时期的艰难历程，现场调研了赣州市7家企业和1家检测中心，召开了专题座谈会，达成了8项合作项目并进行了现场签约。	The participants visited the Memorial Garden for the Long March Starting Point of the Central Red Army, recalled the heroic deeds of the martyrs, received education about the revolution, reviewed the difficult time during the long march of the central red army, did research in seven enterprises and a testing center in Ganzhou, held a symposium on a special topic, initiated eight cooperative projects and signed agreements on them.
在调研活动专题座谈会上，赣州市介绍了其独特的产业优势，向与会企业推介了优质项目。	At the symposium, the Ganzhou government introduced the city's unique industrial advantages and high-quality projects to the participating companies.
中国兵器工业集团有限公司、中国钢研科技集团有限公司、西安天和防务技术股份有限公司、江西金力永磁科技股份有限公司分别代表军工集团公司、民口国有企业、民营企业、当地企业进行了发言，表示将继续加强国有企业、优势民营企业与江西省及赣州市的需求对接工作，逐步拓宽合作领域，助力产业转型升级，推动革命老区实现高质量发展。	China North Industries Group Corporation Limited, China Iron & Steel Research Institute Group, Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd. and JLMAG Rare Earth Co., Ltd. gave speeches on behalf of military industrial cooperations, state-owned military industrial enterprises producing products for civilian use, privately-run enterprises and local enterprises respectively. They said that they would continue to enhance cooperations between state-owned enterprises, dominant private enterprises and Jiangxi province and Ganzhou city to meet each other's demand, expand industries in which they establish cooperations, promote industrial transformation and upgrade and help achieve quality development of the revolutionary base area.
通过此次调研活动，进一步了解了赣南革命老区独特的产业发展优势，明确了现阶段革命老区经济社会发展的重点任务，坚定了国有和民营企业为民服务、干事创业的信念，对赣南原中央苏区转方式、调结构、惠民生，促进经济发展质量变革、效率变革、动力变革，具有重要推动作用。	Through the activity, participants had a better understanding of the unique industrial advantages of the Gannan revolutionary base area, clarified the key tasks for promoting economic and social development in the revolutionary base area at this stage and strengthened the faith in state-owned and private enterprises serving the people and starting their own businesses. The whole activity played an important role in helping the former Central Soviet Area of Gannan city change the way of doing business, adjust the industrial structure and provide better services for the people, as well as improve quality, efficiency and power of economic development.
北京市场监管部门节前开展综合执法 商品价格基本稳定	Market supervision department in Beijing launches comprehensive law enforcement before holiday and the commodity price is basically stabilized.
中新网北京9月27日电 (记者 杜燕)为加强节前市场监管执法，北京市市场监管局在国庆节前夕检查各类经营主体2000余户。	China News, Beijing, September 27th, by Du Yan- To enforce the market supervision and law enforcement, Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau examines about 2000 various business entities before the National Holiday.
检查情况显示，市场销售的粮油、肉类、水果、蔬菜、蛋奶等生活必需品供应充足，商品价格基本稳定，未发现严重违法违规行为，市场经营秩序总体平稳。	The results of the inspection indicate the sufficient supply of living necessities on marketing including cereals and oils, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk, and the basically stabilized commodity price. The inspection hasn’t found serious violation of laws and regulations. The market order is stable on an overall basis.
今天，记者从北京市市场监管局获悉，该局在全市开展“综合执法检查日”活动，对重点地区、重点领域集中进行价格、工商、质监、食药、商务等全要素、全环节执法检查，全面规范市场经营秩序。	Today, the reporter learnt from Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau that the bureau launched the activity of the “comprehensive law enforcement examination day” throughout the city. The activity included an all-element and all-round law enforcement inspection focusing on the price, industry, quality supervision, food and medicine, business in key areas and fields, aiming to standardize the order of market operations.
据介绍，北京市市场监管局价格、工商、质监、食药、商务等五支执法队伍协同联动，密切配合，由各执法机构负责人带队，分组对随机抽取的部分经营主体进行联合执法检查。	It is said that the five law enforcement teams in charge of price, industry, quality supervision, food and medicine and business affiliated to Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau cooperated to conduct the joint law enforcement inspection to randomly selected business entities, led by the head of each team.
检查中，执法人员重点对价格行为、广告宣传、食品安全、计量标准、生产安全制度等内容进行了检查。	During the inspection, the law enforcement personnel focused on the inspections of pricing action, advertising and publicity, food safety, measurement standards and production safety system.
各区市场监管局也同步组织开展联合执法检查，共出动执法人员1600余人次，检查各类经营主体2000余户，检查情况显示，市场销售的粮油、肉类、水果、蔬菜、蛋奶等生活必需品供应充足，商品价格基本稳定，经营者能够守法经营，未发现严重违法违规行为，市场经营秩序总体平稳。	The market supervision bureaus in each district also organized joint law enforcement inspections, mobilizing more than 1600 law enforcement personnel to examine about 2000 business entities. The results of inspections showed that the supply of the daily necessities including cereal and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk is sufficient. The commodity prices are basically stable. The operators run business in accordance with the law and regulations. There was no sign of serious violation of regulations. The order of market operation is generally stable.
北京市市场监管局表示，国庆期间将加强应急值守，持续对市场开展检查巡查，依法快速处理各类市场监管问题，对民众反映的经营违法行为，一经查实，将依法严肃处理，切实维护消费者的合法权益。	Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau expressed that during the National Holiday they will strengthen the emergency watch, continue to conduct inspections on the market, solve all kinds of market supervision issues in accordance with the law, and seriously deal with the verified business violation reported by the people so as to guarantee the legal rights of consumers.
柬埔寨皇家科学院孔子学院“我心中的中国”中文征文大赛揭晓	The Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences has unveiled its "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition
以新中国70周年为主题的“我心中的中国”中文征文大赛26日在柬埔寨皇家科学院孔子学院揭晓并举行颁奖仪式。	The Chinese essay competition "China in My Heart," themed on the 70th anniversary of new China, was unveiled and awarded at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences on June 26.
中国驻柬大使馆外交官仲跻法、柬华理事总会代表、柬埔寨江西商会会长魏思钰等为获奖嘉宾颁奖。	Zhong Jifa, a diplomat from the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council and the President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, presented awards to the honored guests.
据柬埔寨皇家科学院孔子学院中方院长柴克清介绍，大赛历时两个月，参赛对象为柬埔寨籍在校小学生、中学生(包括专修生)和大学生(包括社会人员) 。	According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese dean of the Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition has lasted two months. Participants include Cambodian students from junior, middle school (including specialized schools) and universities (including social personnel).
中国驻柬大使馆外交官仲跻法为大学组一等奖获得者林伟才、中小学组一等奖得主郭丽娜颁发获奖证书。	Diplomat Zhong Jifa of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia presented certificates to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
柴克清表示，参赛作品按大学组和中小学组分开进行，邀请柬埔寨资深汉语专家组成评审委员会，通过初评、复评、终评等环节，最终评选出大学组一等奖1名，二等奖2名，三等奖3名，优秀奖10名；中小学组一等奖1名、二等奖5名、三等奖10名，优秀奖20名。	Chai Keqing said that the entries were organized separately by the university group and the primary and secondary school group. Senior Cambodian-Chinese experts were invited to form an evaluation panel. Through the initial evaluation, re-evaluation, final evaluation and other steps, the university group has finally picked out one first-prize winner, two second-prize winners, three third-prize winners, and ten excellent prize winners. One first-prize winner, five second-prize winners, ten third-prize winners, and twenty excellent prize winners were selected from the primary and middle school group.
大学组一等奖获得者林伟才感言说，学习汉语已有15年，对自己产生了巨大的影响。	Lin Weicai, the first-prize winner in the university group, said that he has studied Chinese for 15 years and found it had a huge impact on him.
通过征文大赛，就是用文字描述“一带一路”下为柬埔寨带来的福祉和中柬两国传统友谊，希望年青一代继续为中柬友谊添砖加瓦。	The essay competition aimed to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" Initiative and the traditional friendships between China and Cambodia, hoping that the young generation will continue to do what they can to enhance the friendship between China and Cambodia.
图为嘉宾与获奖选手。	The picture shows guests and winners.
中小学组一等奖得主郭丽娜表示，作为海外华裔，有机会通过祖籍国文字表达“心中的中国”的情感并获奖，有着不一样的激动。	Guo Lina, the first-prize winner in the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, there was a different kind of excitement to have the opportunity to express the emotion of "China in my heart" through the native language and win the prize.
主办方表示，通过大赛，不仅营造了中柬关系积极向上的氛围，还吸引了越来越多的柬埔寨学子学习中文，赴中国留学。	The organizer said that the competition not only created a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
联合国国际原子能总署（IAEA）26日公布报告指出，伊朗已开始使用先进的离心机加速生产浓缩铀，进一步违反2015年与世界大国达成的核协议。	As announced by the International Atomic Energy Agency（IAEA）on 26th, Iran has started using the advanced centrifuge to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, which further violates the nuclear agreement that has been reached with the great power in the world in 2015.
综合外媒报导，IAEA报告指出，伊朗纳坦兹核设施（Natanz Nuclear Facility）的先进离心机“正在积聚或已准备好积聚浓缩铀 ” 。	As reported by the foreign media, IAEA announced that the advanced centrifuge of the Iranian Natanz Nuclear Facility “is accumulating or ready to accumulate the enriched uranium”.
自去年5月美国总统特朗普退出核协议，并对伊朗实施制裁以来，伊朗正在逐步违反2015年与大国达成的核协议的限制。	Since the US President Trump withdrew from the nuclear agreement and imposed sanctions on Iran in May last year, Iran has been gradually violating the nuclear agreement reached with the world power in 2015.
协议规定，伊朗只能用第一代IR-1型离心机来提炼铀。	The agreement regulates that Iran can only use the type IR-1 centrifuge of first generation to extract uranium.
这份协议的其他签约国，英国、中国、法国、德国和俄罗斯，一直试图挽救该协议，但德黑兰一再指责欧洲做得不够多。	Other signatory countries of this agreement including the UK, China, France, Germany and Russia were trying to remedy it. Yet Europe has been censured repeatedly by Teheran for not doing enough.
据日本共同社报道，当地时间25日下午，日本外相茂木敏充在出访地美国纽约与俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫举行会谈，确认将推进包含北方四岛(日俄争议岛屿，日称“北方四岛 ” ， 俄称 “南千岛群岛 ” ) 领土问题在内的和平条约缔结谈判，在政治、经济等广泛领域发展两国关系，双方还就协调茂木尽早访俄达成了一致。	On the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Motegi held a discussion with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov at the United Nations headquarters New York City on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. The talk was about pushing forward the signing of a peace treaty between the two countries regarding issues including the ownership over the Northern Territories, called the Southern Kuril Islands in Russia, strengthening political and economic ties and reaching an agreement on Motegi's future visit to Russia, according to a Japanese news agency Kyodo News.
这是茂木就任外相后，作为和平条约缔结谈判负责人进行的首次对俄磋商。	This is Motegi's first discussion with Russia as the top negotiator in the signing of the peace treaty after he was appointed as Japan's foreign minister.
茂木向俄方表示 ， “ 包含推进(在北方四岛的)共同经济活动在内，希望切实展开磋商 ” 。	Motegi said that "I would like to hold a discussion regarding issues including promoting the economic activities in the Northern Territories with Russia as soon as possible."
据日本政府介绍，会谈未就领土问题进行详细讨论。	According to the Japanese government, both sides did not go into detail about the territory issue.
2018年12月的日俄首脑会谈上，确认了两国外长作为负责人加速谈判的方针。	The foreign ministers of the two countries developed a plan to be in charge of accelerating the negotiation at the Japan-Russia Foreign Ministers’ Meeting in December 2018.
此次会谈上，两国外长对有关旅游、垃圾处理领域的共同经济活动的磋商取得进展表示了欢迎。	At the meeting, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress made in the negotiation on mutual economic activities in tourism and refuse disposal.
茂木就预定10月实施的观光旅游试行业务表示期待称 ： “ 希望成功实施，促成下一步 。 ”	When talking about the trial businesses in the tourism industry in October, Motegi said that “I hope that they could be successful and contribute to our next step.”
此外，会谈还确认了拉夫罗夫11月将配合在名古屋市召开的二十国集团(G20)外长会议访日。	On top of that, they also confirmed the date for Lavrov to visit Japan during the G20 Foreign Ministers’ Meeting held in Nagoya in November.
图伊奥内托阿当选汤加新首相。	Pohiva Tu'ionetoa Assumes New Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Tonga
努库阿洛法消息：南太平洋岛国汤加议会27日选举现任财政和国家规划大臣波希瓦·图伊奥内托阿担任汤加新首相，取代本月早些时候因病去世的前首相阿基利西·波希瓦。	Nuku'alofa - On September 27th, Tonga's Minister of Finance Dr Pohiva Tu’ionetoa was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, an island nation in the South Pacific. He replaced the late prime minister of Akilisi Pohiva who had passed away early this month.
据汤加主要媒体MATANGI网站报道，汤加议会实行一院制，由26名议员组成。	According to Matangi Tonga Online, Tonga's leading news website, Tonga has the unicameral parliament consisting of 26 members.
在当天的议会投票中，图伊奥内托阿获得23票支持，击败竞争对手副首相兼基础设施和旅游大臣塞密西·西卡，成功当选。	On the day of the election, Tu'ionetoa defeated Hon Semisi Sika, Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, and was elected Prime Minister with 23 votes secured.
汤加是君主立宪制国家，实行行政、立法、司法三权分立制度。	Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a division of executive, legislative and judicial powers.
图伊奥内托阿还需接受国王的任命。	Additionally, Tu'ionetoa has to be appointed by His Majesty King Tupou VI.
下一届汤加议会选举将在2021年举行。	Tonga's next parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
女排有望提前卫冕世界杯！	Women's volleyball team might successfully defend World Cup championship in advance!
27日，在对阵荷兰女排的比赛中，中国队在连赢两局的情况下被对手扳回一城，最终以3:1力克荷兰，迎来九连胜。	In the match between China and the Netherlands on the 27th, China lost the last set after winning the first two, defeating the Netherlands 3-1 for their ninth consecutive win.
世界杯的赛程已经接近尾声，虽然卫冕在望，但是面对塞尔维亚队，中国女排依旧不可掉以轻心。	As the World Cup is approaching its end, China's women's volleyball team still need to stay alert in front of the Serbian team, though they are so close to their goal of defending the championship.
与荷兰的比赛前两局，中国女排的表现一如既往的强势，分别以25:19，25:16先下两城，直到第三局，队伍遇到了挫折。	In the first two sets, China kept an advantage over the Netherlands with strong performance as usual, establishing its 25-19 and 26-16 victory. But the team struggled in the third set.
荷兰女排在落后的情况下加强了发球的攻击性，中国队一传受到冲击，再加之姑娘们进攻心切，失误也开始增多，最终以21:25被对手扳回一城。	Despite the disadvantages, the Netherlands rallied back with aggressive serves, creating huge pressure on China's first pass. The Chinese ladies were anxious to attack, leading to more errors and ultimately losing 21-25.
赛后郎平在接受采访时也指出 ： “ 第三局，因为失误我们送了大概有8分 。 ”	After the match, Lang Ping pointed out in the interview, "We lost about 8 points because of our errors in the third set."
当然，荷兰女排实力本就不容小觑，中国女排赛前也做好了困难的准备，虽然丢掉一局，但一切仍然在郎平掌握之中 ， “ 和强队打比赛输赢很正常，打五局也很正常，所以我们对队员说要专注 ， ” 郎平这样说道。	Of course, one should never underestimate the Netherlands women's volleyball team. China's team was prepared for a tough game. Everything was under Lang Ping's control despite their defeat in one set. "When you play against a strong team, it is perfectly normal to win, to lose, or end up with a five-set match, so I told my team to concentrate," said Lang Ping.
第四局，队员们积极调整状态，张常宁在进攻端火力全开，单局得到8分，为球队取胜立下大功。	In the fourth set, the players adjusted their conditions effectively. Zhang Changning on her full attacking power scored 8 points in one single set, making a huge contribution to China's victory.
比赛至今，11轮的对抗目前只剩下了两轮，中国女排虽然一只手已经触摸到了冠军奖杯，但是在对阵荷兰队的比赛中确实给中国女排敲响了警钟：越是关键时刻，就越要全力以赴。	As of now, there are only two rounds of matches remaining from the initial eleven rounds. China is almost grabbing the championship, but the match against the Netherlands did serve as a reminder: the closer they get to the critical moment, the more they need to make every effort.
27日的另外一场比赛中，俄罗斯和美国女排打满了5局，美国队未能从对手身上全取三分，如此一来，中国女排只要在对阵塞尔维亚的比赛中全取三分，便可提前一轮实现卫冕。	In another match on the 27th, Russia and USA had a full five-set game. As USA did not manage to win all the three points, there is a chance that China can defend the champion if it could win all the three points in the match against Serbia.
种种情况都在朝着对中国女排有利的情况发展。	Everything seems to be moving to the direction to China's advantage.
然而，虽然塞尔维亚队此番六大主力悉数缺阵，但这并不代表她们会将三分轻易地送给中国队。	However, Serbia will not give the three points to China that easily, though the six leading Serbian players are all absent this time.
从目前积分榜的形式来看，塞尔维亚队已经基本无缘奖牌，这就意味着她们可以在对阵中国女排的比赛中“轻装上阵 ” ， 放下包袱去全力冲击对手，而中国队背负着夺冠压力，状态反而可能会出现起伏。	Given the current ranking, it is unlikely that Serbia will get any medal, which means they can go to the game against China with "light packs" and challenge their opponents without any burden, whereas China’s anxiety to win the game might lead to performance inconsistencies.
另外，替补的塞尔维亚队也并非“任人宰割”的羔羊，此前与荷兰队一役中，双方大战5局，塞尔维亚二队最终3:2逆转了荷兰的全主力阵容，由此可见其阵容厚度之深。	Moreover, the Serbian substitutes are not to be slaughtered like sacrificial lambs. They fought against the Netherlands line-up of their main players in five sets and reversed the latter's advantage with a 3-2 victory, which certainly says something about their capabilities.
在第三阶段的比赛开打前，郎平也表示荷、塞两队都不好对付 ： “ 大阪的比赛将非常艰难，我们还是要一如既往，认真准备 。 ”	Before the start of the third stage of the tournament, Lang Ping anticipated that her team could have a hard time with the Netherlands and Serbia, "The game in Osaka will be very tough, but we will prepare for it as much as we can, as we always do. "
如今卫冕的号角已经吹响，比赛也真正进入到了“白热化阶段 ” 。	Now the horn for defending the championship has been sounded, and the game is reaching its climax.
论实力论阵容，中国女排都在对手之上，只是最后的紧要关头，还要看女排姑娘们是否能够发挥正常水平，在赛场上尽情释放自我。	China is stronger than its opponent in terms of ability and the line-up, but the result will depend on whether the ladies can stay calm in the critical, final moment and release all their power on the court.
澳门大学今（27）日举办“第二届澳门干细胞研讨会 ” ， 吸引百多名来自美国、新加坡、内地、香港和澳门等国家和地区，从事“外干细胞＂研究领域的专家学者，与澳门高校师生分享和探讨干细胞研究的最新技术和发展。	The University of Macau (UM) today (27th) held the "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium". The event attracted more than 100 experts and scholars from around the world, including the United States, Singapore, mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau. The experts and scholars are specialized in the area of "peripheral stem cell". During the event, they shared and discussed the latest technologies and developments in stem cell research with university teachers and students in Macau.
澳大副校长（研究）葛伟表示，干细胞研究具医疗价值，也是澳大重点科研项目之一，是次研讨会有助推进澳门在干细胞领域的研究与发展。	According to Wei Ge, vice rector (research) of UM, stem cell research holds tremendous promise for medical treatment and is one of the key research areas at UM. This symposium is expected to boost the development of stem cell research in Macau.
葛伟表示，澳大作为粤港澳大湾区西岸一所领先的国际化综合性大学，致力建设为大湾区西岸人才培养基地和科技创新中心，助力湾区创新发展。	According to Wei Ge, as a leading international and comprehensive university in the west of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area (GBA), UM plays a vital role in the GBA’s development and serves as a base for talent development and a center for technological innovation of GBA.
是次研讨会汇聚了海内外干细胞的研究专家，分享最新技术，将有助推动澳门干细胞研究和发展。	With experts at home and from overseas participating and sharing the latest technologies, the symposium is expected to provide a boost to stem cell research in Macau.
澳大健康科学学院院长邓初夏表示，澳大近年不断加强科研创新及转化，在论文数量及质量上亦显着提升，澳大在干细胞研究方面也取得了丰硕成果。	According to Chuxia Deng, dean of UM’s Faculty of Health Sciences (FHS), in recent years, UM has stepped up efforts in research innovation and translational application of research results, with a significant increase in the quantity and quality of research publications. UM has also achieved fruitful results in the area of stem cell research.
会上，一众知名学者分享了干细胞研究的前沿知识和尖端科技。	At the symposium, well-known scholars shared the latest developments in stem cell research and cutting-edge technologies in the field.
中科院院士兼云南昆明科技大学灵长类转化医学院院长季维智，讲解了利用3D培养系统研究猴子和人类胚胎体外的过程及其分子机制；中国科学院上海生化细胞所研究员景乃禾，从单细胞和分子水准阐述小鼠胚胎着床后细胞谱系决定和组织发生的时空变化；宾夕法尼亚州立大学教授王勇给大家展示如何利用生物材料水凝胶模拟干细胞微巢以利于生存和输送。	Weizhi Ji, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and dean of the Institute of Primate Translational Medicine at Kunming University of Science and Technology, gave a talk about using 3D culture system to study Monkey and human embryogenesis in vitro process and its molecular mechanism. Naihe Jing, a researcher from the Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology of the CAS, expounded from a single-cell and molecular level the space-time change of cell lineage decisions and tissue production in post-implantation mouse embryo. Yong Wang, a professor from Pennsylvania State University, presented how to use hydrogel, a biological material, to simulate stem cell microspheres to help its survival and delivery.
澳大健康科学学院副院长（研究）徐仁和、助理院长陈国凯和澳大中华医药研究院副教授王春明也分别介绍了其最新发表的重要成果。	FHS Associate Dean (Research) Renhe Xu, Assistant Dean Guokai Chen, and UM's Institute of Chinese Medical Sciences (ICMS) Associate Professor Chunming Wang each gave a speech on their recently published research results.
“第二届澳门干细胞研讨会”由澳门大学健康科学学院主办、澳门大学中华医药研究院及澳门科技大学中华质量研究国家重点实验室协办，澳门科学技术发展基金代高级经理陈躬安等参与会议。	The "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" was organized by the FHS, with assistance from the ICMS and the State Key Laboratory of Quality Research in Chinese Medicines at the Macau University of Science and Technology. Science and Technology Development Fund acting senior manager Gong'an Chen also participated in the event.
研讨会共有11个学术报告，内容包括胚胎发育和组织生成、转化医学、干细胞的机制研究和转化应用，生物材料及应用等。	The event included 11 themed talks on various topics, including embryonic development and tissue production, translational medicine, mechanistic study of stem cell development and translational application of the discoveries, and biomaterials and applications.
研讨会气氛热烈，与会者积极讨论及分享相关技术的最新研究和观点。	The event enjoyed a warm atmosphere, where the participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views of related technologies.
徐仁和表示，是次研讨会为大湾区及其他地区的干细胞专家提供了交流与合作的平台，亦为学生提供了宝贵的学习机会。	Renhe Xu said that the symposium provided a platform for stem cell experts from the GBA and other regions to exchange ideas and explore collaboration opportunities, adding that the event also provided a valuable learning opportunity for students.
中华人民共和国国家勋章和国家荣誉称号颁授仪式将隆重举行。	Grand Ceremony for awarding the Order of Republic and National Honorary Titles will be held.
经中共中央批准，中华人民共和国国家勋章和国家荣誉称号颁授仪式将于9月29日上午10时在人民大会堂隆重举行。	With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the grand ceremony for awarding the Order of Republic and National Honorary Titles will be held at the Great Hall of the People at 10am, September 29.
中共中央总书记、国家主席、中央军委主席习近平将向国家勋章和国家荣誉称号获得者分别授予“共和国勋章 ” “ 友谊勋章”和国家荣誉称号奖章并发表重要讲话。	Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the People's Republic of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the Order of Republic, Friendship Medal, and National Honorary Titles to the recipients, and deliver important speeches.
经中共中央批准，中华人民共和国国家勋章和国家荣誉称号颁授仪式将于9月29日上午10时在北京人民大会堂隆重举行。	With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the grand ceremony for awarding the Order of Republic and National Honorary Titles will be held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 9am, September 29.
这是“共和国勋章 ” 。	This is the Order of Republic.
“共和国勋章”以红色、金色为主色调，章体采用国徽、五角星、黄河、长江、山峰、牡丹等元素，章链采用中国结、如意、兰花等元素，整体使用冷压成型、花丝镶嵌、珐琅等工艺制作，象征勋章获得者为共和国建设和发展作出的巨大贡献，礼赞国家最高荣誉，祝福祖国繁荣昌盛，寓意全国各族人民团结一心共筑中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦。	The medal of the Order of Republic uses a red-gold color scheme. The body of the medal contains elements such as the national emblem, five stars, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, mountains, and peony flowers. With elements such as Chinese knots, ruyi-scepters, and orchids, the chain incorporates craftsmanship such as cold briquetting, filigree inlay, and enamel, signifying that the recipients have made significant contributions to the construction and development of the Republic. It praises the highest national honor, represents the best wishes to the prosperity of the country, and symbolizes the Chinese people of all ethnic groups unifying and working together to realize the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
这是“友谊勋章 ” 。	This is the "Friendship Medal."
“友谊勋章”以金色、蓝色为主色调，章体采用和平鸽、地球、握手、荷花等元素，章链采用中国结、万年青、牡丹、玉璧、兰草等元素，整体使用花丝镶嵌、掐丝珐琅等传统工艺手工制作，象征中国人民同各国人民友好团结、友谊长存，祝愿世界各国共同繁荣发展。	The Friendship Medal uses a gold-blue color scheme. The body of the medal contains elements such as the dove of peace, the earth, handshake, and lotus flowers. With elements such as Chinese knots, sacred lilies, peony flowers, jade disks, and orchids, the chain incorporates traditional craftsmanship such as filigree inlay and cloisonné, representing the lasting friendship between the Chinese people and other peoples of the world, and the wishes for common prosperity and development of all countries in the world.
这是国家荣誉称号奖章。	This is the medal of National Honorary Titles.
国家荣誉称号奖章以红色、金色为主色调，章体采用五星、天安门、牡丹、旗帜、光芒等元素，章链采用中国结、花卉等元素，整体使用冷压成型、花丝镶嵌、珐琅等工艺制作，象征国家荣誉称号获得者在各领域各行业作出的重大贡献，彰显示范引领作用，激励全国各族人民不忘初心、牢记使命，为实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦而不懈奋斗。	The medal of National Honorary Titles uses a red-gold color scheme. The body of the medal contains elements such as five stars, the Tiananmen, peony flowers, flags, and light. With elements such as Chinese knots and flowers, the chain incorporates craftsmanship such as cold briquetting, filigree inlay, and enamel, signifying that the recipients have made significant contributions to various fields and occupations. It also manifests the recipients’ leading positions in their fields, and encourages all people of the country to remember their original intention and missions and to work hard for the realization of the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
中央广播电视总台、新华网将对颁授仪式进行现场直播，人民网、央视网、中国网等中央重点新闻网站和人民日报客户端、新华社客户端、央视新闻客户端等新媒体平台同步转播。	The China Media Group and Xinhua News Agency will broadcast the ceremony live. The key new websites such as People's Daily Online, CCTV, and China.com.cn, along with new media platforms such as People's Daily app, Xinhua News app, and CCTV app, will relay the broadcast at the same time.
斯托尔滕贝格在美国西点军校发表演讲时说 ： “ 70年来，北约采取的遏制和防御措施都基于维护技术优势 。 ”	When delivering a speech at the West Point Military Academy in the US, Stoltenberg said that “For 70 years, the containment and defensive measures that North Atlantic Treaty Organization have taken were all based on the maintenance of the technological superiority”.
他说，但是时代在变迁。	He said, but this is an era of change.
斯托尔滕贝格说 ： “ 我们遭遇的竞争越来越激烈。	Stoltenberg said: “The competitions we encounter will be increasingly fierce.
因此我们现在应加倍努力，才能确信不会有人超过我们 。 ”	Therefore, we should make much more efforts to prevent others from surpassing us.”
他说 ： “ 一些新技术并不是北约成员国研制出来的，而是在独裁国家。	He said: “Some technologies were developed by the authoritarian states rather than the member states of NATO.
中国公司正在研究5G网络。	The companies in China are developing the 5th generation networks.
俄罗斯在发展独立互联网并投入巨资开发下一代武器，比如高超音速导弹 。 ”	Russia is developing the independent internet and investing heavily in the development of the next generation of weapons, such as the hypersonic missile.
斯托尔滕贝格说，北约未来的安全“取决于理解、接受和应用最新先进技术的能力 ” 。	Stoltenberg said, the future safety of NATO “depends on its ability to understand, accept and apply the cutting-edge technologies”.
9月24日 ， “ 一张船票带我去看看”爱心助残活动在长沙橘子洲头举行，来自长沙的100余名残障人士受邀登上橘洲之星邮轮，欣赏湘江壮阔风光，共同庆祝新中国成立70周年。	The love outreach for helping the disable, “a steamer ticket takes me to have a look”, was held at the Orange Island in Changsha on September 24. Over 100 disabled people were invited to cruise “The Star of Juzhou” to enjoy the magnificent scenery of Xiang River and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China together.
参加此次活动的100余名残障人士大多是第一次登上邮轮。	It was the first time for most of the disabled people who joined this activity to go on a cruise.
56岁的赵振刚是一名肢残人，因双脚行动不便，平时很少出门。	Zhao Zhengang, who was 56-year-old, is physically disabled. He rarely goes out due to the difficulty in moving.
他说 ： “ 今天第一次乘坐邮轮，近距离欣赏湘江的波澜壮阔，感受长沙的发展脉搏，心情十分激动，难以忘怀 。 ”	He said: “Today is my first time to go on a cruise. I am excited about enjoying the magnificent scenery of Xiang River at a short distance and feeling the development of Changsha. It is difficult to forget. “
来自长沙市福康社工服务中心和蓝天救援队的志愿者们为残障人士提供了细致入微的服务。	The volunteers from Fukang Social Service Center in Changsha and Blue Sky Rescue provided meticulous services for the disable.
特别对肢体残障严重的服务对象，志愿者们会背着他们上下邮轮。	Especially for those with serious physical disability, volunteers would carry them on the back to go on and off the cruise.
福康社工服务中心相关负责人表示，70年来，在党和政府的支持下，长沙市残疾人事业不断发展进步，越来越多的残疾人真正成为社会经济发展的参与者、贡献者和享有者，关爱帮助残疾人、关心支持残疾人事业也逐渐成为全社会共识。	The relevant person in charge at Fukang Social Service Center said, in the past 70 years, the services for the disable in Changsha have kept developing and improving with the support of the Party and Government. More and more disabled people are really becoming the participants, contributors and beneficiaries of the development of social economics. Caring about the disable and services for the disable is also gradually becoming a social consensus.
共和国就要迎来七十周年大庆了，各路媒体的聚光灯骤亮，让众多平时我们不太记起的形象，闪闪发光 — — 正是他们，为我们那些闪亮的日子，丝丝缕缕带来热能，带来光源 … …	As the Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary, the flashing spotlights of all kinds of media have refreshed our memories of numerous character images that don't often come to our minds and made them glitter with brilliance again-- it is they, in their days of shining upon us, who bring in the heat and light little by little.
然而，英雄如果走在身边，也看似平凡如你如我。	However, a hero walking on the side seems nothing other than an ordinary person like you and me.
袁隆平，潜心水稻研究，育出良种遍耕天下，让十几亿国人不复有饥馁之虞，功莫大焉，此翁平时也就像一位喜欢在田间地头遛跶的老农民；南仁东，殚精竭虑让中国“天眼”怒睁的首席科学家，一个人、一辈子、一口锅，一生只做一件事，在贵州深山里啃着冷馒头，和寨子里的老汉没啥两样；周汝昌，红学家，一个开蒙很晚的村童，到老仍像赤子，学贯中西，顶着一头乱蓬蓬的白发，说起学问到会心处，喜欢哗啦啦大笑；秦怡，红透半边天的电影艺术家，过了九十岁，还为了排戏在高原每天颠簸六七个小时，还乐意在《妖猫传》里扮个不知名的老婢女 … …	Yuan Longping, who has devoted himself to rice research and bred elite varieties that can be used in farming all over the world, makes remarkable contributions so that more than one billion Chinese people would no longer have to fear going hungry, and this old man usually looks like an old farmer who likes to wander in the fields. Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who has taken his great care to put China's "Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope" into service, only did one thing in his whole life. With one man and a cooking pot, he ate cold steamed buns in the deep Guizhou mountains, no different from an old man in the countryside. Zhou Ruchang, the redologist was a village boy who started learning very late, still looks like a child when he is old, and has a thorough knowledge of both western and traditional Chinese culture. With shaggy white hair, he likes to burst into a roar of laughter when his heart is stricken by the academic communication. Qin Yi, a heavyweight film artist, still spends six or seven hours bumping on the plateau every day for rehearsal when she is past 90, she was even willing to play as an unknown old maid in Legend of the Demon Cat.
他们，求仁得仁，活得朴素、单纯而执著，只要沉浸到外人不解而他们敝帚自珍的事业里，很容易就会快活起来，浑不在意名缰利索、富贵荣华。	They, living their own ways, hold a simple, reclusive and unswerving attitude toward life. As long as they are immersed in their favorite undertakings which are elusive to the outsiders but invaluable in their own eyes, they will feel easy to be happy, living in ignorance of social rankings, honors, wealth and interests.
就像金庸小说中，少林寺藏经阁那位扫地僧，虽拥惊世武学，不炫不矜，无喜无悲。	Just like the ground-sweeping monk in the Sutras pavilion of Shaolin Temple as described in Jin Yong's novel, although he has stunning skills in martial art that can shock the world, he is neither pretentious nor haughty, neither happy nor sad.
每一个“扫地僧 ” ， 每一副赤子心肠，背后都有一份舍我其谁的家国担当。	As for every "ground-sweeping monk" and every single one of the childlike at heart, there lies the commitments to the call of duty that who but myself can do it.
家国担当，不仅仅扛在英雄的肩头，也攥在亿万国人的掌心。	The responsibility of family-country rests not only on the shoulders of heroes but also in the hands of millions of people.
曾经，一个女中学生的话，被网友疯转 ， “ 当英雄路过的时候，总要有人坐在路边鼓掌 … … 我不想成为英雄，我想成为坐在路边鼓掌的人 。 ”	Once, a female middle school student's words went viral on the web: "When the hero passes by, there always are people who have to sit on the roadside to applaud... I don't want to be a hero. I want to be the one sitting on the roadside applauding."
其实，当英雄和给英雄鼓掌，并不矛盾。	Actually, being a hero and applauding a hero are not in conflicts.
路边鼓掌的人，也在传递热和光，自己也是发光体。	People applauding on the roadside can also deliver their heat and light, and they are also luminous bodies themselves.
平凡如你如我，一生中总有一些机缘，有一些瞬间，有一种日积月累，也在塑造英雄的模样。	Ordinary like you and me, there are always in life some opportunities, some moments and sort of accumulations through long years, which also shape the appearance of heroes.
上海优秀法官邹碧华，肩担司法改革重任，却在年度会议让传达室老师傅上台讲自己的故事，一年收发了无数报纸信件，从无差错 ， “ 把简单的事情做好，就是不简单 ” ， 邹碧华率领法官们将掌声送给这位“扫地僧”式的老收发。	Zou Bihua, an excellent judge in Shanghai who shouldered the responsibility of carrying out judicial reforms, asked an old clerk from the reception room to tell his own story in public at an annual meeting about how newspapers and letters were delivered and received throughout the year without any mistake. "To do simple things well is not simple." Zou Bihua led the judges in applauding the old clerk--- the likes of "ground-sweeping monk."
这是英雄之间的惺惺相惜，是一位英雄在给另一位英雄鼓掌。	It's the appreciations from heroes, one hero is paying tribute to another.
扫地僧有少林寺藏经阁，袁隆平有辽阔的水稻实验田，南仁东有“天眼 ” ， 秦怡有舞台，周汝昌有讲坛 … … 能否当英雄，不独要靠自身努力，更要有好的环境和正向激励机制。	The group-sweeping monk had his Sutra Depository of the Shaolin Temple, Yuan Longping had a vast experimental rice field, Nan Rendong has the "Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope", Qin Yi has a stage, and Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit. Whether you can be a hero depends not only on your own efforts, but also on a good environment and a positive incentive mechanism.
比如“中国天眼 ” ， 现在看来，就是一则神话。	China's "Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope", for example, is now a legend.
上世纪90年代，中国科技界还在艰苦爬坡，小说家刘慈欣也尚未开笔写《三体 》 。	In the 1990s, China's scientific community was still struggling, and novelist Liu Cixin had yet to write the Three-Body Problem.
那时最牛的“眼 ” ， 是美国波多黎各岛山谷中的单面口径射电望远镜 — — 阿雷西博，直径350米，被认为是“不可超越”的世界之最。	At that time, the most powerful "eye" was Arecibo, a single-aperture radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico, which was 350 meters in diameter and was considered to be the world's largest "that couldn't be surpassed."
那时的中国射电望远镜，直径不如人家十分之一。	At that time, China's radio telescope was less than one tenth of its diameter.
而在日本享受世界级别的科研条件和薪水的南仁东却坚持回国，带回一个近乎疯狂的想法：在中国建设新一代射电“大望远镜 ” ， 接收更多来自外太空的讯息！	Nan Rendong, who was treated with the world-class research facilities and salaries in Japan, insisted on returning to China with his crazy idea: to build a new generation of radio "big telescope" in China to receive more information from outer space!
中国百废待兴啊，投巨资就为玩星星？	However, there were many things waiting to be done in China at that time; could it be that a heavy investment of money is poured in only for playing with the stars?
祖国信任南仁东 ， “ 天眼”工程浩荡启幕。	The motherland had confidence in Nan Rendong, and the "Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope" project was launched.
选址用了12年，立项到落成又是9年。	It took 12 years to find the right location and another 9 years to complete the project.
500米口径的“天眼”睁开，中国做成了没有先例可循 、 “ 世界独一无二的大科学工程 ” 。	With the 500-meter caliber "Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope," China has completed "the world's exclusive great scientific project" with no precedent to follow.
所以 ， “ 天眼”了不起，南仁东们了不起，有容乃大、站高望远的共和国了不起。	Therefore, the "Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope" is great, the likes of Nan Rendong are great, tolerance brings respect, the republic is great by looking far and aiming high,
有了国家的信任、国民的善意，南仁东们方有了机缘，成为国之魂魄民之肝胆。	With the country's confidence and goodwill of its people, the likes of Nan Rendong have the opportunity to turn into the soul of the country and the courage of the people.
有少年英才、白发英雄蔼然走过，有民众在路边轻轻地鼓掌，这样的国家，很美好很和谐。	With youngsters of outstanding capabilities and heroes of grey hairs peacefully walking by and people clapping softly along the streets, a wonderful and harmonious life is promising in such a land.
垃圾分类教育首进吉林幼儿园 环保理念从娃娃抓起	Garbage classification education was introduced into Jilin kindergartens for the first time
27日，吉林省吉林市一幼儿园开展垃圾分类教育课，教授幼儿分辨可回收垃圾和其它类别垃圾。	On the 27th, a kindergarten at Jilin city in Jilin province has conducted a garbage classification education class, teaching young children to distinguish between the recyclables and other kinds of garbage.
据悉，这是垃圾分类首次进入当地幼儿教育课堂。	It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification was introduced into local educational classes for young children.
日前，吉林省九部门联合下发了《吉林省推进地级城市生活垃圾分类处理工作方案 》 。	A few days ago nine departments of Jilin province have jointly issued the "Working Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Household Garbage at the Prefecture-Level Cities in Jilin Province."
2019年在长春市生活垃圾强制分类试点基础上，该省决定在地级城市开展生活垃圾分类工作。	Based on the pilot project of compulsory classification of household waste in Changchun in 2019, the province has decided to carry out the household waste classification in prefecture-level cities.
吉林市是其中之一。	Jilin City is one of them.
我们希望通过这次活动，实现以幼儿带动家庭，幼儿园带动社会的效果，倡导环保理念 。	"We hope through such an activity to realize the effect of young children driving the family and the kindergarten driving the society and advocate the concept of environmental protection,"
举办活动的嗨范儿国际幼儿园执行园长刘丽娟说。	said Liu Lijuan, the executive director of Hifaner International Kindergarten where the event was held.
当天，园长宣读了环保倡议书，希望垃圾分类从孩子做起。	On that day, the head of the kindergarten read out the environmental protection proposal, hoping that garbage classification starts from children.
孩子们在表演了《低碳贝贝》舞蹈后，分组做起垃圾分类小游戏。	After the "Low Carbon Babe" dance performance, the children were grouped up to play the garbage sorting games.
指导教师还发放了“可回收 ” “ 其它垃圾”标签，建议孩子们回家后将标签粘到垃圾桶上并录制小视频。	The instructor also issued “recyclable” and “other garbage” labels, suggesting that the children stick these labels to the trash containers and record a short video clip when they return home.
刘丽娟介绍，该幼儿园一直倡导低碳、绿色环保理念，定期开设环保讲堂。	Liu Lijuan noted that the kindergarten has kept advocating the concept of low-carbon, green and environmental protection, and opened up regular environmental classes.
在园内的垃圾投放处还设置了可分类垃圾桶，上面标注了投放类别。	Trash cans marked with containable types are also placed at the garbage dumps in the kindergarten.
老师教授孩子们什么是可回收垃圾 苍雁 摄	The teacher taught children what is recyclable garbage Photo by Cang Yan
据初步统计，吉林省2018年城市生活垃圾产生量约546.52万吨，全部进入生活垃圾处理场进行处理。	According to preliminary statistics, the amount of urban household waste generated in Jilin Province in 2018 was around 5,465,200 tons, all of which were sent to household waste disposal sites for treatment.
其中，卫生填埋329.29万吨，焚烧209.23万吨，采取综合利用工艺处理8.01万吨。	Among them, 329,200 tons were treated by sanitary landfills, 2.0923 million tons by burning, and 80,100 tons by comprehensive utilization process.
经过多年努力，该省各市县均具备生活垃圾无害化处理能力。	Through years of hard work, every city and county in the province is able to conduct hazard-free treatment for household wastes.
已经下发的《吉林省推进地级城市生活垃圾分类处理工作方案》中，明确要求深入开展垃圾分类进校园、进教材、进课堂等活动，通过创编垃圾分类歌曲、歌谣、漫画、微视频等作品，加强学生与家长之间的互动，达到“教育一个孩子、影响一个家庭、带动一个社区、培养一代新人”的效果。	According to the "Working Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Household Garbage at the Prefecture-Level Cities in Jilin Province” which has been issued, it is clearly required to deepen the works and carry out extensive activities such as bringing garbage classification education going into campus, textbooks and classrooms, strengthen the interactions between students and parents by creating the garbage classification songs, rhymes, comics and short videos, and achieve the effect of "teaching a child, influencing a family, driving a community, and cultivating a new generation."
马自达9月27日发布的数据显示，8月全球销量为11万7015辆。	Figures released on 27 September by Mazda showed that in August, the company sold 117,015 vehicles worldwide.
由于新款车投放不足和减少降价等的影响，在中国的销量下降21 ％ 。	Sales in China dropped by 21 per cent due to reasons such as a shortage of new vehicles on the market and less reduction in price.
日本国内销量减少6 ％ ， 10月消费增税前的抢搭末班车需求有限。	Domestic sales in Japan dropped by 6 per cent. The demand was still limited even before the rise in the consumption tax when people were busy seizing the last chance to purchase vehicles.
8月马自达在中国的销量为17729辆。	Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
2018年8月也比上年减少13 ％ ， 销量持续减少。	Sales have been going down. They were 13 per cent lower in August 2018 than in the same period last year.
中国专用的主力SUV“CX-4”销量减少14 ％ 。	The China-exclusive CX-4 SUV also witnessed a fall in sales by 14 per cent.
“CX-4”2016年上市至今过去较长时间，新车效果下降。	It has been a long time since CX-4 was launched in 2016. It was no longer a new model.
由于站在长期视角提高品牌价值的战略而减少降价，据悉也对销量产生很大影响。	In the long run, the strategy of providing less reduction in price will reinforce brand values. However, it also had significant impacts on sales.
马自达在美国的销量同比增长7 ％ ， 达到27482辆，时隔14个月增长。	Mazda sold 27,482 vehicles in the United States with a 7 per cent increase in sales. It has been 14 months since last time its sales grew.
8月销售商的营业日比上年多1天，再加上“加强宣传等促销活动 ” （ 马自达 ） ， 使得SUV“CX-5”等的销量增长。	An extra business day in August and Mazda's sales promotion led to a sales growth of vehicles such as CX-5 SUV.
日本国内销量下降6 ％ ， 降至14422辆。	Japan's domestic sales dropped by 6 per cent with only 14,422 vehicles were sold.
该公司表示，增税前的紧急抢购“没有达到上次（2014年）那样的程度 ” 。	The company said that "not as many vehicles were sold as the last time (in 2014)" before the rise in the consumption tax.
小型车“Demio（德米欧 ） ” 等的销量减少。	Compact cars such as Demio also witnessed a decline in sales.
希拉克辞世 政治遗产长存	Chirac's political legacy lives long after he passed away
当地时间26日，法国前总统希拉克溘然长逝，享年86岁。	On the 26th local time, the former President of France Mr. Chirac suddenly passed away at the age of 86.
在世界正处于百年未有之大变局的当下，这位法国政治家当年执政时留下的诸多政治遗产，依然值得我们点赞。	As the world is changing in a way unseen in a hundred years, the political legacies left by the French politician when he was in power are still worthy of our thumbs-up.
希拉克曾以极具个人魅力的方式担任法国总统长达12年。	With his very personalized charismatic leadership, Chirac had been France's President for as long as 12 years.
他既继承了戴高乐主义独立自主的外交精神，又坚定支持欧洲一体化，是追逐“欧洲梦”的代表人物。	Inheriting the independent diplomatic spirit of Gaullism and standing firm with the European integration, he was the representative personality in pursuit of the "European Dream."
同时，他还大力倡导世界多极化与多边主义，是一位具有战略眼光的政治家。	At the same time he was also a strong advocate of the global multi-polarization and multilateralism, a politician with strategic vision.
正因如此，法国媒体评价他是“法国在世界舞台上的杰出代表 ” 。	For this reason, the French media hailed him as "France's outstanding representative in the international arena."
希拉克令人津津乐道的政治决断之一，就是反对美国主导的伊拉克战争。	One of Mr. Chirac's memorable political decisions was his opposition of the US-led war in Iraq.
在他的带领下，法国携手德国顶住美国压力，走在反战前列。	Led by him, France worked together with Germany to stand up to American pressure and took the lead in fighting against the war.
战争爆发一年后，他预言，伊拉克战争会导致恐怖活动加剧，让世界变得更加危险。	One year after the war broke out, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to increased terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
后来的事实证明，希拉克的警告十分正确。	Mr. Chirac's warning turned out to be right.
在欧洲一体化陷入彷徨、美国的单边主义越发凸显的当下，抚今追昔，希拉克对于国际政治与全球事务的战略思考和抉择，无疑具有很强的启示意义。	At a time when European integration is going astray and American unilateralism is increasingly rising, Mr. Chirac's strategic thinking and choices in international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of enlightening significance while we compare the past with the present.
希拉克还是一位让中国人倍感熟悉和亲切的法国政治家。	Mr. Chirac was also a French politician who made Chinese people feel quite familiar and friendly.
他是中法关系“黄金十年”的倡导者和创造者之一，1995年第一次当选法国总统后，就以政治家的战略眼光推动中法关系快速发展。	He was one of the advocates and creators for the "Golden Decade" of Sino-France relations. After he was first elected as the President of France in 1995, he had been promoting the rapid development of Sino-France relations with a politicians' strategic vision.
2004年，中法建立全面战略伙伴关系，中法双边交往进入全新阶段。	In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, ushering in a new stage of bilateral exchanges.
希拉克执政期间，中法两国双边贸易额快速增长，两国在航空、核能、铁路运输等多个领域的合作都取得了突破性的进展。	During Mr. Chirac's administration, Sino-France's bilateral trade volume grew rapidly, and cooperations in aviation, nuclear energy and railway transportation made breakthroughs.
希拉克倡议的中法文化年，创造了中法历史上全新的文化交流模式。	The Sino-France Culture Year initiated by Mr. Chirac created a new mode of cultural exchange in the history of two countries.
希拉克一生对中国文化的钟情尤其令人印象深刻。	Chirac's lifelong obsession with Chinese culture was particularly impressive.
据了解他的中国外交官介绍，希拉克能背李白、杜甫的一些诗篇，甚至能准确判断中国青铜器的历史年代。	According to Chinese diplomats who knew about him, he was able to recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and even accurately date Chinese bronze wares.
“不看金字塔不算真正到过埃及，不看秦俑不算真的到过中国 ” — —这一金句就来自希拉克。	"You've not really been to Egypt without seeing the Pyramids, and not really been to China without seeing the Terracotta Army" -- it was Mr Chirac who said this golden phrase.
希拉克曾在接受新华社记者专访时说 ： “ 西方对中国的政治和社会发展、中国经济增长所产生的生态问题以及中国在国际上的政治地位有所顾虑。	"The West is concerned about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth as well as China's political position in the world," Mr. Chirac said in an interview with Xinhua.
但我本人却对中国充满信心。	"But I have faith in China.
我认为中国是有着悠久文明历史的国家，其经验足以帮助其建立实现和谐发展的理念和价值观，在世界舞台上长期承担自己的责任。 ”	I think with a long history of civilization, China has enough experience of helping itself build and implement the visions and values of harmonious development to shoulder its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time."
我还认为中国的复兴将为世界文化带来新的创造活力，并丰富世界文化 。	I also believe that China's revitalization will release new creative vitality to global civilization and enrich the world's cultures.
斯人已去，但希拉克留给世界的政治遗产和启示将与世长存。	Although he has passed away, Mr Chirac's political legacies and enlightenments to the world will live forever.
以“数聚光谷、智享未来”为主题的“第七届中国计算机学会大数据学术会议”27日在武汉揭幕，近千位大数据研究领域的专家学者和行业领袖，关注大数据热点研究问题，解读大数据在人工智能时代的技术进程。	With the theme of “Data Centering on Guanggu, Enjoying the Future by Intelligence”, “China Computer Federation’s Seventh Academic Conference on Big Data” was open in Wuhan on 27th. Nearly a thousand experts, scholars and front runners in the field of big data focused on hot topics for big data research, analyzing the technical progresses of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
此次大会由中国计算机学会(CCF)主办，CCF大数据专家委员会和华中科技大学联合承办，组织了5个特邀报告和188个论坛报告，设立了33个主题技术和行业分论坛，分别围绕大数据基础理论、大数据教育、大数据可视化、大数据金融与科技等方面的研究成果进行交流讨论。	This conference was held by China Computer Federation (CCF) and co-organized by the expert committee of CCF big data and Huazhong University of Science and Technology, including 5 invited lectures and 188 forum reports. It set 33 sub-forums on technology and industry, facilitating the communication and discussion on the research findings of basic theories on big data, education of big data, visualization of big data, big data for finance and science.
CCF大数据学术会议以加强从事大数据领域国内外学者之间联系与交流，促进多学科交叉融合与大数据产业发展为宗旨，历经7届，已发展成为以科研成果交流为主、国内最有影响的大数据学术会议，会议内容扩展到基础理论、技术应用等领域。	CCF Academic Conference on Big Data is aimed at facilitating the communication between Chinese and foreign scholars in the field of big data, as well as promoting the interdisciplinary studies and the industrial development of big data. After seven conferences, it has become the most influential academic conference on big data in the country aimed at the communication of research findings. The content of the conference has extended to many fields including basic theories and technology applications.
香港特区立法会建制派议员联署反对美涉港法案	Legislative Council of Hong Kong pro-establishment politicians issued a joint statement to oppose the Hong Kong-related Act passed by USA
香港特区立法会部分建制派议员27日发表联署声明，对美国国会参众两院外委会通过“2019年香港人权与民主法案”表示强烈反对。	Several pro-establishment politicians in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong issued a joint statement on the 27th to denounce the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019 passed by US House Committee on Foreign Affairs.
这份由40名建制派议员联署的声明表示，目前香港享有的权利由香港特区基本法赋予，包括保持自由贸易港和单独关税区地位，在经济、金融、航运、贸易、通讯、旅游、文化、体育等不同领域，以“中国香港”名义与全球不同国家和地区通商、合作及发展关系，签订和执行双边及多边协议。	This statement, jointly signed by 40 pro-establishment politicians, says that the current rights of Hong Kong are conferred by the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, including the rights to maintain Hong Kong's status as a free-trade port and separate customs territory, and to trade, cooperate, develop relationships, and sign and implement bilateral and multilateral agreements in various fields such as economics, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture, sports, etc. with other countries and regions around the world in the name of “Hong Kong, China.”
这些权利并非由任何外国政府或立法机关施予。	These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
一直以来，香港严格恪守国际协定、国际规则、法律及商业道德，与不同国家和地区通商，参与众多有关领域的合作，成绩斐然，有目共睹。	Hong Kong has been strictly observing international agreements, international rules, laws, and business ethics. Hong Kong is well-known for its great achievements in its trade with different countries and regions and its collaborations in many related fields.
声明说，美国会参众两院外委会通过相关法案的举动并无必要，只是为响应其祸港代理人的号召，作为粗暴干预香港内部事务并为其代理人在香港争取政治筹码的手段。	The statement says the approval of the Act by US House Committee on Foreign Affairs is unnecessary. It is nothing but a response to the call of the gang of their delegates in Hong Kong and represents blatant interference in Hong Kong's domestic affairs that helps those delegates in their political bargains.
建制派议员对美国会此举深表遗憾，强烈反对。	The pro-establishment politicians expressed their deep disappointments and strong disapproval of this move of the US Congress.
声明指出，香港是美国的重要贸易伙伴和最大贸易顺差来源地。	The statement points out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
香港优良的法治、公平和自由的营商环境、廉洁的社会，使其成为美国商人经商的良好选址。	Hong Kong has become a good option for American businessmen because of its excellent rule of law, its fair and free business environment, and its incorruptible society.
美国会如通过这一法案，除了打击香港及美国本身利益外，还将使中美关系雪上加霜，并无任何好处，损人损己。	If the US Congress passes this Act, it will only hurt the interests of Hong Kong and the United States and worsen the China-US relations, which means it will do nothing good to itself or others.
声明表示，香港将一如既往、毫不动摇地落实“一国两制”方针，继续享受基本法赋予的权利，切实履行其义务。	The statement points out that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the "One country, Two systems" policy, and continue to enjoy its rights conferred by the Basic Law and to perform its delegated duties effectively.
无论是过去、现在或将来，香港都会继续为国际社会及国际商贸作出应有贡献。	Just as in the past, Hong Kong is making its contributions to the international community and international business and will continue to do so in the future.
据《欧洲时报》26日报道，法国议会两院下周将讨论移民政策改革。	French national parliament is going to discuss the reform of the immigration policy next week, according to Nouvelles D'Europe on the 26th.
法国总统马克龙近日对此发声称，法国无法“接纳所有人 ” ， 但同时又要努力“妥善接纳 ” 。	French President Emmanuel Macron stated that France cannot "host everyone", but is trying to "host people well" at the same time.
报道称，马克龙试图在移民事务上找到一条折中路线，减缓即将到来的辩论冲击。	Macron has been trying to take the middle way regarding the immigration issue in order to reduce the tension in the coming debate, according to the report.
近日，马克龙在美国纽约参加联大一般性辩论期间接受采访时表示，希望在移民政策上有一项真正的“双管齐下”方案，在人道主义和效率之间寻找平衡。	Macron said in an interview from the United Nations in New York where he is attending the annual General Assembly that about the immigration policy, he wanted to find a way to kill two birds with one stone and also find a balance between providing humanitarian aid and being efficient.
马克龙说 ： “ 如果法国希望能够妥善接纳(移民)的话，它就不能接纳所有人 ” 。	"France cannot host everyone (of the immigrants) if it wants to host people well", according to Macron.
马克龙列举出移民政策的四项重点：向需要保护的难民尽快颁发庇护资格；更高效地推动移民融入；接待并保护所有进入法国领土的移民；更高效地重新安置非法进入法国并不宜停留的人。	Macron highlighted four key points of the immigration policy: giving rights to refugees who need protection, helping immigrants fit in more efficiently, accepting and protecting all immigrants who entered France and relocating people who entered France illegally and are not suitable to stay.
非法移民是否应当受到“国家医疗援助 ” ( AME)体系的保护，是此前各界讨论最多的话题。	Whether or not illegal immigrants should be protected by the State Medical Aid (in French: “Aide Médicale d’Etat”, AME) has been discussed a lot recently.
马克龙表示，他希望能够“评估”这一制度，但并不将其取消，而是对其进行一定限制。	Macron hopes that the AME system could be assessed and be restricted instead of being abolished.
在马克龙发表这番言论后，极右派“国民联盟”领导人勒庞发推文称，马克龙的表态是“空谈 ” 。	Leader of France’s far-right Front National (FN) Marine Le Pen tweeted that Macron was just saying empty words after Macron made the announcement.
右派共和党派成员、参议院议长拉舍尔也表示，应当以“缓和”但“面对现实”的方式来讨论移民政策，间接地批评马克龙。	Gérard Larche, Member of the Les Républicains party and president of the Senate of France, also criticized Macron by saying that he should relax the tension and face reality at the same time when talking about the immigration policy.
左派社会党议员瓦劳认为，在移民问题上，法国应当“接纳得更多、更好 ” ， 并且批评马克龙在“操弄”这一议题。	Member of the Parti socialiste Boris Vallaud believes that France should "host more and host better" when it comes to the immigration issue. He also criticized Macron for not being serious about this issue.
报道指出，新版《庇护与移民法》已经颁布一年，它导致执政党内部意见分歧，但同时又无法安抚右派反对党。	According to the report, the new Immigration and Asylum Law not only caused the interior disagreement in the ruling party but also had no positive impact on the right opposition party in the year after it was issued.
在下届2022年大选中，移民政策话题将再次成为极右翼的攻击焦点，马克龙需要在这一问题上有所作为，但同时也将冒着激怒执政党内部左翼人士的风险。	In the 2020 presidential campaign, the immigration issue will once again become the target for the far-right. Macron has to make some progress in this issue, but is very likely to infuriate the left wing in the Republique en Marche.
据报道，法国国民议会下院将于9月30日起对移民政策进行辩论，参议院则从10月2日起进行辩论。	According to the report, France's national parliament Assemblée nationale is going have a debate about the immigration issue on September 30th and the debate of the Senate of France will be held on October 2nd.
有迹象表明，中国A股正迎来“回购潮 ” ， 许多上市公司纷纷拿出“真金白银”回购公司股票。	China's A-share shows a "repurchase wave" as several listed companies repurchase companies' stocks with cash.
根据金融数据服务商东方财富的统计，截至27日，2019年A股上市公司回购实施总金额已超过1000亿元(人民币，下同 ) ， 远超往年同期数据，创下A股股票回购资金量的历史新高。	According to a financial data service provider East Money, as of the 27th, the total amount of the repurchase of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion Chinese yuan, far more than the amount in the same period of previous years, hitting a record high for the amount of A-share repurchase capital.
对此，上海迈柯荣信息咨询有限责任公司董事长徐阳表示，今年A股市场整体估值较低，用相对较低的价格回购股份，有利于上市公司提高资金的使用效率，也体现出上市公司主动管理市值的意愿和充沛的现金流状况，有利于提振投资者信心。	Xu Yang, Chairman of Shanghai Macro Information Consulting Co, said that the overall valuation of the A-share market is relatively low this year. Repurchasing stocks at a relatively low price is conducive to improving the efficiency of capital use of listed companies. It reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage their market value, shows their sufficient cash flow conditions and therefore boosts investors' confidence.
此外，不断完善的股份回购制度，也推动了上市公司积极开展股份回购。	In addition, improving the share repurchase system can also encourage listed companies to actively carry out share repurchases.
比如，今年初，上海证券交易所和深圳证券交易所发布上市公司回购股份实施细则，为上市公司提供了详实的股份回购规范与指引。	For example, at the beginning of this year, the Detailed Rules for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange provided detailed rules and guides for listed companies to repurchase shares.
另据媒体统计，今年以来，已经实施了增持回购计划的上市公司主要集中在基建行业、地产行业、信息技术行业以及电子设备制造业等。	According to statistics, listed companies that have implemented share repurchase plans this year are mainly in the infrastructure, the real estate, the information technology and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
此外，从回购支付金额来看，今年有6家上市公司回购金额超10亿元。	In addition, regarding the repurchase payment amount, there are six listed companies whose repurchase amount exceeded one billion yuan this year.
其中，排在首位的是伊利股份，其回购金额逾50亿元。	Among all of them, Yili was ranked first, with a repurchase amount of more than five billion yuan.
上市公司回购股票会对市场产生什么影响？	What impact will the repurchase of shares have on the market?
中国人民大学财政金融学院副院长赵锡军在接受中新社记者采访时表示，回购一方面表明上市公司具备较强的经济实力和较好的财务状况，有能力维护股价稳定，给投资者信心；另一方面也表明上市公司及其控股股东对公司负责、对市场负责和对投资者负责的考虑。	Zhao Xijun, deputy director of the School of Finance of Renmin University of China said in an interview with the China News Service that the repurchase shows that the listed company has strong economic power and good financial status so that it has the ability to maintain the stability of the stock price and give investors confidence. It also shows that listed companies and their shareholders are being responsible for the companies, the market and the investors.
前者建立在公司良好的经营业绩上，后者则要求上市公司及其控股股东要有较高的素质。	The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have a higher quality.
对于资本市场来说，这都是最核心的基础要素。	For the capital market, this is the core basic element.
上市公司回购股票有利于提振投资者信心，对上市公司的股票价格产生支撑作用。	The repurchase of stocks by listed companies is beneficial to boost investors' confidence and support the stock price.
另据东方证券研报测算，按照今年年初以来A股上市公司整体定下的预计股票回购数量，以及已回购股票成交均价计算，今年回购股票为A股市场带来的增量资金有望突破1500亿元。	It is estimated by East Money that based on the estimated number of stocks being purchased set by the A-share listed companies since the beginning of this year and the average transaction price of the stocks repurchased, the incremental capital brought by the stock repurchase to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
用时近两个月，国家重点文保单位天津天后宫大型壁画《天后圣迹图》修复工作26日宣告结束，将于今年国庆期间重新对外开放。	Tianjin Tianhou Temple, a major historic and cultural site under state protection, just completed the restoration of a large piece of mural, Sketches of Mazu, who is also known as Mother Ancestor or Empress of Heaven in China, on September 26th. The restoration took almost two months and the mural will be reopened to visitors during China's National Day holiday.
《天后圣迹图》是一幅全面反映妈祖生平的大型传统壁画。	The Sketches of Mazu is a series of mural telling the story of Mazu.
经国家有关部门批准，由原天津市民俗博物馆（天后宫）馆长蔡长奎从1991年至1994年绘制而成。	With the authorization from the government, the mural was painted by Cai Changkui, former curator of the Museum of Folk Customs of Tianjin(the Tianhou Temple) from 1991 to 1994.
据了解，这幅壁画绘制于天后宫正殿南、北宫墙上，全长32米，高2.6米，分上下两部分，用天后诞降、乘席渡海、羽化升天等30余个故事，358个人物再现了妈祖的生平事迹。	The mural was painted on the north and south palace wall of the Tianhou Temple's main hall. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high and is divided into two parts. It uses 358 characters to tell about Mazu's life with more than 30 stories, including how she was born, how she saved people on the sea and how she ascended to heaven and became an immortal.
蔡长奎介绍说，近年来，天津夏季多雨，冬季干燥，这“一湿一干”导致壁画出现了破裂，破裂部分占整个壁画面积的60 % 。	Cai Changkui introduced that summers in Tianjin have been wet while winters have been dry in recent years. This led to cracks in the mural. 60 percent of the mural area was covered by cracks.
为了保护、抢救妈祖事迹壁画，天津市南开区古文化街管委会和天后宫启动了对天后宫大殿及殿内壁画修复工程。	In order to protect and save the mural telling stories of Mazu, Ancient Cultural Street Committee of Nankai District, Tianjin, and the Tianhou Temple carried out the restoration work of the main hall of the Tianhou Temple and the mural inside of it.
修复工程由蔡长奎领衔，邀请四位著名国画家一同参与。	The restoration work was led by Cai Changkui, together with four traditional Chinese painters.
修复工作本着‘修旧如旧’的原则，同时也将原有壁画做了局部内容的调整，对壁画原来不太完美的地方进行了补充修复。	The principle was to restore the mural to its original state instead of turning it into a new. Additionally, experts adjusted some of the contents and improved the imperfect parts of the mural.
修复中，我们也在颜色、材料、笔墨等方面做了创新和尝试。	During the restoration, we also had some innovation and attempts in the color, materials and painting techniques.
修复后，保持了原有壁画的风貌、灵性、精神和艺术风格 。	The original feature, style and spirit were still kept after the restoration.
天后宫建于1326年，原名天妃宫，俗称娘娘宫，历经多次重修，是天津市区最古老的建筑群，也是中国现存年代最早的妈祖庙之一。	The Tianhou Temple was built in 1326. Its original name was Tianfei Temple or Niangniang Temple. It has been through many times of restoration and is now the oldest groups of buildings in the urban area of Tianjin and one of the oldest Mazu Temples in China.
9月25日，北京大兴国际机场投运仪式隆重举行。	Opening ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport held on September 25th
北京大兴国际机场航站楼的造型寓意“凤凰展翅 ” ， 被誉为“新世界七大奇迹”之首。	The new aviation hub of Beijing Daxing International Airport is shaped like a phoenix spreading its wings and is honored the top of the "seven wonders in the new world".
当前，北京首都国际机场已是超负荷运转状态，去年承运了1亿+旅客，成为继美国亚特兰大机场后，全球第二个年旅客吞吐量过亿人次的机场。	Currently, Beijing Capital International Airport is overstressed with more than 100 million passengers handled in 2018. It has become the second airport handling more than 100 million passengers annually right after Atlanta International Airport in the United States.
预计到2022年，北京大兴国际机场旅客吞吐量将达到4500万人次，国际航班占比20 % ； 到2025年，旅客吞吐量将达到7200万人次，国际航班占比有望达到30 % 。	Beijing Daxing International Airport, whose international code will be PKX, is designed to handle 45 million passengers by 2020 and 72 million passengers by 2025. International airlines will account for 20 percent by 2020 and grow to 30 percent by 2025.
作为“新国门 ” ， 它到底有多炫酷？	As a new gate of the country, how cool the new airport is?
北京大兴国际机场位于北京市大兴区和河北省廊坊市广阳区之间，与天安门直线距离为46公里，是目前全球建设规模最大的新建机场。	Located at the junction of Beijing’s Daxing district and Langfang in neighboring Hebei Province, Beijing Daxing International Airport, 46 kilometers from the Tiananmen Square, is the world’s largest aviation terminal housed in a single building.
其航站楼的屋顶盖钢架构的地面投影面积达到18万平米，有25个标准足球场的大小。	The area of its steel-framed roof structure is about 180 thousand square meters, or 25 standard football fields, which is the largest in the world.
北京大兴国际机场是世界首个拥有两个抵达层和两个出发层的航站楼 — — F1-F4分别是国际到达、国内到达、国内出发、国际出发。	The new airport is the first terminal in the world that adopted a two-story design for departures, with floor one to four for international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure respectively.
航站楼外连接高速和机场的双层桥，分别对应航站楼F3、F4 — — 国际出发走上层，国内出发两层均可。	There are two bridges connecting the airport and the expressway outside the terminal and leading to floor three and floor four respectively. The upper one is for international departure, while both of them can lead to domestic departure.
北京大兴国际机场首航开启了北京“双机场”时代。	The first flight taking off from Beijing Daxing International Airport marks the beginning of Beijing entering the time of having "double airports".
新机场定位为大型国际航空枢纽、国家发展新的动力源、支撑雄安新区建设的京津冀区域综合交通枢纽，截至目前，共有66家航空公司有意向入驻北京大兴国际机场，其中20家境内航空公司、46家港澳台地区及外国航空公司，各航空公司航班时刻陆续获批。	The new airport is designed to be an international air travel hub, the new source of power for China's development and the hub of communication in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region supporting the construction of China's Xiong'an New Area. Up to now, 66 airlines have applied to operate at the airport and have been given formal approval. Among them, 20 are domestic airlines and 46 overseas ones.
2019年冬春航季，北京大兴国际机场预计开通116条航线，其中国内航线101条，国际航线15条；覆盖全球112个航点，包括国内航点97个，国际航点15个。	This year, it is expected to open 116 airlines including 101 domestic ones and 15 international routes at this airport, covering 112 destinations around the world including 97 domestic ones and 15 international ones.
这与北京首都国际机场形成协调发展、适度竞争、具有国际一流竞争力的“双枢纽”机场格局，既缓解了首都机场容量饱和的运行压力，也能更好满足北京及周边地区航空运输快速增长的迫切需要，有效提升我国民航业的国际竞争力。	As Beijing's second international airport, Daxing Airport is expected to work, compete and form a world-class "double hub" pattern with Beijing Capital International Airport appropriately. The new airport will not only share and reduce the traffic load on overstressed Beijing Capital International Airport but also meet the rising demand of the capital and the surrounding areas for air travel. Eventually, their development will effectively improve the competitiveness of China's aviation industry.
为了确保效率和品质，北京大兴国际机场充分考虑地理位置、机场与周边空域及运行环境的关系，机场跑道在国内首次采用“全向型”布局，采用了世界最大的空管自动化系统，建立了中国最大终端管制区，可最大限度地提高航空运行效率。	sure efficiency and quality, considering the geographical condition, the airspace of the airport and the surrounding areas and the operating environment, Daxing International Airport has four runways leading to four different directions, boasts the world's largest automatic air traffic management system and China's largest terminal control area so as to improve the efficiency as much as possible.
国内此等规模的机场首次使用了国产化的行李自动处理及信息管理系统，采用创新的行李传输模式，提升行李系统处理效率。	It is the first airport with this scale in China to be equipped with a domestically designed automatic luggage transport system and information management system. The innovative systems will significantly improve luggage processing efficiency.
北京大兴国际机场首航，预示凤凰展翅炫酷腾飞。	The first flight taking off from Daxing Airport represents a phoenix spreading its wings and flying.
这座创造了40余项国际、国内第一，国产化率达到98%以上的新机场，必将对周边地区的产业产生直接、间接的经济影响，为北京经济发展注入临空活力。	The new airport boasts more than 40 international and domestic firsts. Over 98 percent of the airport's components were locally sourced. With all of these, it will, directly and indirectly, impact industries in the surrounding areas and inject a new spark of life into Beijing's economic development.
马华暂定11月召开大会 拟下调入党龄至16岁	MCA tentatively convenes a grand meeting in November and tends to lower the minimal membership age.
马华暂定11月初召开中央代表大会，拟修改党章下调入党年龄至16岁。	Malaysian Chinese Association tentatively convenes its central congress in the early November and plans to revise the party constitution so as to lower the minimal membership age down to 16 years old.
随着国会通过下调大选投票年龄，马华宣布将于今年召开的第66届中央代表大会，提出修改党章的建议，当中包括下调马华入党年龄，从现有的18岁下调至16岁。	As the parliament passed a resolution to lower the general election voting age, MCA accounted to convene the 66th Central Congress in the end of this year to propose to amend the party constitution. It includes to reduce the minimum membership age from 18 years old to 16 years old.
马华总会长拿督斯里魏家祥表示，马华中委会原定于今年11月2日及3日召开中央代表大会，但由于丹绒比艾国会议席的补选，因此大会的日期可能会有所变动。	The president of MCA and Datuk Seri Wee Ka Siong expressed that MCA Central Committee originally planned to hold the central congress at November 2 and November 3. But date to convene the meeting is more likely to be changed due to the by-election of the Tanjung Biai National Assembly seat.
他说，由于选举委员会将于10月1日才开会敲定丹绒比艾国席的补选提名日和投票日，因此他们将于翌日，即10月2日开会讨论是否更改今年中央代表大会的日期。	He said that because the Election Committee will finalize the nomination date as well as the election date for the Tanjung Biai National by election on October 1, the MCA will meet on October 2 to discuss whether it is necessary to change the date of the Central Congress this year.
他也解释，昨日（26日）召开中委会的目的旨在敲定代表大会日期和修改党章事宜，只是刚巧碰上土著团结党丹绒比艾国会议员拿督莫哈末法立不幸病逝，因而加入这个国席补选事宜的议程。	He explained that the aim to hold the central committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the Congress and the amendments to the party constitution. It just happened that Datuk Mohamed Farid, the member of parliament of Tanjung Biai of Malaysia United Indigenous Party, passed away. Therefore, they added the by-election to the agenda.
山东原寿光县委书记王伯祥 — — 强县富民赤子心-新华网	Boxiang Wang， The former clerk for the Shouguang County Party Committee in Shandong — — Make the county strong and help people become rich with an innocent heart like a child - Xinhua Net
王伯祥，山东寿光人，1943年2月生，1967年参加工作，先后担任过乡镇党委书记、县委书记、市长等职务。	Boxiang Wang, born in Shouguang of Shandong on February 1943, began to work in 1967 and had served as clerk for the township party committee, clerk for the county party committee, and mayor.
1986年，王伯祥任山东省寿光县委书记，当时的寿光是潍坊的穷县。	In 1986, Boxiang Wang was appointed as the clerk for the Shouguang County Party Committee in Shandong. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
在寿光任职的5年里，王伯祥心怀为民之心，集中力量做了三件事：一是推进蔬菜产业化；二是开发寿北盐碱滩；三是为工业翻身打基础，让寿光人从此鼓起了口袋、挺起了腰板。	During the five years of his position in Shouguang, Boxiang Wang cared about civilians and concentrated on three things: First, boosting the industrialization of vegetables; Second, developing the salt marsh at the north of Shouguang; Third, building the foundation for the development of industry. These helped Shouguang civilians become richer and more confident.
寿光农民有种菜传统，也有过种菜的教训。	Shouguang farmers had the tradition of vegetable cultivation but also the lesson from it.
上世纪80年代初，寿光农民种菜丰收却卖不出，烂在地里。	In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest but could not sell the vegetables, letting the vegetables rot in the earth.
王伯祥调研发现，抓蔬菜关键是搞好流通。	Based on the investigations, Boxiang Wang found that the circulation is the key to sell the vegetables.
寿光率先建起了蔬菜批发市场，拉开了发展市场经济的序幕。	Shouguang was the first to build the wholesale market for vegetables, serving as the prelude to the development of market economics.
党员干部要带头，搞砸了，一切损失县里担着 。	Party members and cadres took the lead, and the county would bear all the losses if they made a mess.
1989年，在王伯祥支持下，三元朱村王乐义等17名党员搞起了17个冬暖式蔬菜大棚，当年该村冒出17个“双万元户 ” 。	In 1989, 17 party members including Leyi Wang in Sanyuanzhu Village set up 17 vegetable greenhouses that are warm in Winter with the support of Boxiang Wang. At that year, this village had 17 “double households with an annual income of ten thousand yuan".
随后县里成立了推广小组，在王伯祥的动员下，王乐义在各个乡镇巡回指导；第一年就推广了5000多个蔬菜大棚，之后蔬菜大棚如燎原之势推向全县乃至全国。	Then the county established the promotion group. Under the mobilization of Boxiang Wang, Leyi Wang made a tour guide around every village and town and managed to popularize 5000 vegetable greenhouses in the first year. Then the vegetable greenhouses were popularized to the whole county and even the whole country so quickly like the fire on the prairie.
千百年来，寿北160万亩土地除了盐碱滩，就是浅海滩涂。	For thousands of years, there have been only 1.6 million acres of salt marsh and shallow beach at the north of Shouguang.
当地的群众生活十分艰苦。	The local civilians had led a very tough life.
寿南有了蔬菜大棚，寿北咋办？	The south of Shouguang has the vegetable greenhouses, what about the north of Shouguang?
王伯祥组织十几万人搞场大会战，在荒碱滩上安营，一干就是四五十天。	Boxiang Wang organized tens of thousands of people to camp on the salt marsh and work for nearly 50 days.
王伯祥和县里的领导干部吃住都在工地上，跟民工一样推车挑担，风餐露宿，老百姓见到他们都伸大拇指，打心眼里佩服 … … 当时，寿北开发出15万亩虾池，20万亩盐田，60万亩棉田，在盐碱滩涂上开发出“聚宝盆 ” 。	Boxiang Wang and the leaders in the county lived at the construction sites and worked with rural laborers. They ate in the wind and slept in the dew, winning the admiration of civilians……During that period, the north of Shouguang developed 150 thousand acres of shrimp pond, 200 thousand acres of salt pan, and 600 thousand acres of cotton field. The economic potential of the salt marsh was fully developed.
1986年7月，王伯祥第一次以县委书记的身份参加潍坊市工业会议。	In July 1986, Boxiang Wang first attended the industry conference in Weifang as the clerk for the County Party Committee.
会议期间，下发了一张“潍坊市十二县市区工业经济数字对比表 ” ， 乍看工业总产值，寿光还不错，排位第四。	During the conference, a form that compared the economic performances across twelve cities and counties in Weifang was issued, and the total production value of industry in Shouguang seemed good, ranking as number four.
但如果把原盐拿掉，寿光的纯工业产值仅剩1.19亿元，排在倒数第三。	However, if the crude salt did not count, Shouguang only had the pure industry production of 119 million Yuan, ranking as the last third one.
王伯祥带着70多人的取经团，跑到外地“换脑筋 ” 。	Boxiang Wang led more than 70 people to other provinces to exchange experience.
回来不到一年，全县投资1.5亿元，上了77个项目。	Within one year after coming back, the county invested 150 million Yuan for 77 projects.
此后每年都组织“取经团 ” ， 到深圳、东莞和上海等地取经。	After that, they sent groups of people to Shenzhen, Dongguan, Shanghai and other places every year to learn experience.
寿光缺企业，更缺企业家。	Shouguang did not have enough enterprises, let alone the entrepreneurs.
王伯祥主持召开专题会议拍板：在全县公开选拔厂长经理，40名“有事业心的能人”脱颖而出，被推上工业一线。	Boxiang Wang made a decision on the meeting with special sessions: conducting the public selection for factory directors and managers in the whole county, 40 competent and enterprising people would be selected to work at the front line of industry.
1991年，寿光进入全国百强县行列，王伯祥调任潍坊市副市长。	Shouguang was selected into the list of top hundred provinces across the country in 1991, when Boxiang Wang was appointed to as the vice mayor of Wefang.
他留下的，是20多万个蔬菜大棚，是120万亩棉田、盐田、虾池，是4854家企业，是10万多个“万元户 ” ， 是百姓认可的干部队伍。 寿光老百姓至今仍亲切地称他“我们的伯祥书记 ” 。	What he has accomplished are more than 200 thousand vegetable greenhouses, 1.2 million acres of cotton fields, salt pans, shrimp pond, 4854 enterprises, more than 100 thousand “households with an annual income of ten thousand yuan”, and the respected leaders. Until today, the civilians in Shouguang still cordially call him “our Boxiang clerk”.
当地时间9月26日，国务委员兼外长王毅在纽约联合国总部主持中国和安理会非洲成员国外长会。	Yi Wang, the State Councilor and Foreign Minister, presided at the Foreign Minister’s Meeting involving China and African Member Countries of the Security Council at the UN headquarters in New York on September 26 local time.
非洲现任安理会成员国科特迪瓦外长塔诺、赤道几内亚外长奥约诺、南非外长潘多尔和候任成员国尼日尔外长卡拉、突尼斯外长杰希纳维等出席会议。	The Foreign Ministers of current African Member Countries of the Security Council including Tano from Côte d’Ivoire, Oyono from Equatorial Guinea, Pandor from South Africa, and the Foreign Ministers of candidate Member Countries including Carla from Niger and Jehinavi from Tunisia, attended the meeting.
王毅就加强中非双方在安理会合作提出四点建议。	Yi Wang proposed four suggestions to strengthen the cooperation between China and Africa at the Security Council.
第一，靠团结出力量。	First, unity is strength.
当前国际形势中最大的挑战就是单边主义，直接后果是国际关系基本准则受到挑战，联合国作用受到冲击，损害包括非洲国家在内的广大发展中国家和中小国家的利益。	The biggest challenge of the current international situation is unilateralism, directly causing the basic norms of international relations to be challenged, impacting on the role of the UN, and damaging the interests of a wide range of developing countries as well as middle and small countries, including African nations.
应对这一挑战，需要中非手拉手、肩并肩，团结才有力量。	China and Africa need to go hand in hand and side by side. Unity is strength.
在安理会，非洲三国用一个声音说话，聚焦的分量就不只是3票，而是整个非洲大陆。	At the Security Council, if the three countries in Africa speak with one voice, their impact will go beyond 3 votes to the whole African continent.
中国和非洲站在一起，就不只是4票，而会带动其他国家跟进，影响和塑造安理会的议程。	If China stands with Africa, it means more than 4 votes. Instead it will encourage other countries to follow up, affecting and shaping the agenda of the Security Council.
2018年以来，中国同安理会非洲成员建立了“3+1”协调机制，要充分用好这一协调机制。	Since 2018, China and the African Members of the Security Council have established a “3+1” coordination mechanism which should be fully used.
第二，靠协商解纷争。	Second, troubleshooting is based on negotiation.
中方一直倡导政治解决热点问题，非洲有协商的好传统，也有非洲区域和次区域组织成功斡旋的经验。	China keeps proposing to resolve the front-burner issues through politics. Africa has the good tradition of negotiation and the experience of successful mediation by African regions and organizations of the subzones.
安理会议程上的许多复杂难题特别是非洲热点，大多是殖民主义埋下的祸根，有的则与外部因素直接相关。	The root cause of most complicated problems on the Security Council’s agenda, especially the hot spot in Africa, is the colonialism. Some other causes are directly associated with external factors.
我们要共同用好《联合国宪章》第六章，发挥好联合国在斡旋、调解等方面的作用。	We should make a good use of the Chapter Six in the UN Chapter, giving full play to the role of the UN in mediation and conciliation.
第三，靠自主谋自强。	Third, realizing self-improvement through autonomy.
非洲国家和人民最了解非洲的问题，非洲也有能力、有智慧解决好自己的问题。	The nations and people in Africa best understand the problems of Africa. Africa has the ability and intelligence to solve its own problems.
安理会处理非洲热点问题时，应该注重倾听和尊重非洲的意愿，应该发挥区域和次区域组织的作用，应该鼓励和支持来自非洲的内生解决方案。	When dealing with the front-burner issues in Africa, the Security Council should give ear to Africa’s will with respect, play a part in organizing regions and subregions, and encourage and support the endogenous solution proposed by Africa.
中方愿同非方加强协调，坚定推进非洲自主和平行动的能力建设。	China is willing to strengthen the coordination with Africa, firmly boosting Africa’s capacity building of peaceful independent actions.
第四，靠发展治根本。	Fourth, resolving the essential problems based on development.
中国和广大非洲国家都是发展中国家，我们要坚持把经济社会发展放在第一位，相互支持各自选择的发展道路。	China and a wide range of nations in Africa are developing countries. We should persist in putting the development of economics and society in the first place, mutually supporting our own choices of development path.
中方愿将共建“一带一路”同非盟《2063年议程 》 、 联合国2030年可持续发展议程、非洲各国发展战略紧密对接，帮助非洲国家增强发展能力，消除冲突根源。	China is willing to integrate the co-construction of the Belt and Road into the Africa Union’s 2063 Agenda, the UN’s 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, and the development strategies across the countries in Africa, helping African countries improve their development abilities and erase the root cause of their conflicts.
我们要共同推动联合国加大对非洲发展投入。	We should jointly promote the UN to invest in the development of Africa.
刚果（金）埃博拉疫情再度暴发，中方已经并将继续全力驰援，提供力所能及的人力、物资帮助，并愿同非洲国家协调行动，动员联合国、世卫组织等加大援助力度，发挥好联合国刚果（金）稳定特派团的作用。	Given the outbreak of Ebola epidemic in Democratic Republic of the Congo again, China has given and will continue to give the full support, trying their best to provide assistance of manpower, goods and materials. China is also willing to coordinate actions with African countries and to mobilize the UN and the World Health Organization to reinforce their assistance, giving full play to the role of Democratic Republic of the Congo in stabilizing the United Nations Mission in Sudan.
新生儿科等接力救回小生命。	Doctors work in relays to save baby's life.
惊险！	Thrilling!
二胎孕妈提前发作，在慌忙赶来医院的路上，一个32周的早产宝宝迫不及待地出生在了爸爸的汽车副驾上。	A 32-week pregnant mother gave birth to her second baby prematurely in the front passenger seat of her husband's car on the way to the hospital.
幸而产科和新生儿科医生及时处理，接力挽回了这条小生命。	Fortunately, gynecologists and neonatologists saved the baby's life by handling the situation in time and working in relays.
巧的是，在19日、20日、21日，湖北省妇幼保健院产科和新生儿科连续3天接诊了3个生在路上的早产儿，另外两个都是出生在120急救车上，都是29周的早产儿。	Coincidently, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, Hubei Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital has received three premature babies who were all born on the way to the hospital. Besides the baby born in his father's car, the other two were born in the ambulance and were both 29-week premature babies.
程女士是个二胎孕妈，9月19日早上7时，她感觉肚子有点疼，想着已经怀孕32周了，而且第一胎也是早产，她收拾了待产物品，准备洗完澡直接去医院。	Ms Cheng is a mother of two babies. At 7 am on September 19th, she began to feel pain in her abdomen. With the experience of giving birth to her first premature baby, she packed items for labour and was ready to go to the hospital after a shower.
9时半后，程女士收拾妥当，让丈夫开车从徐东的家中赶往医院。	After half-past nine, Ms Cheng packed everything she needed and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's to the hospital.
没想到车刚开出家门不久，宝宝就迫不及待地出生在了爸爸的汽车副驾上。	However, just a few minutes after departure, the baby could not wait to get out from his mommy's womb and was born in the front passenger seat of his daddy's car.
20分钟后，程女士和宝宝终于到达湖北省妇幼保健院妇产科大楼。	Ms Cheng and the baby finally arrived at the building of Hunan Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital 20 minutes later.
医院保安看到慌乱的夫妻俩和小宝宝，立刻通知了产科产房，副主任医师张欢等4位医生和助产士刘艳艳拿着产包和脐带盘就往楼下冲。	The security notified the obstetrics department immediately after seeing the flustered couple and their little baby. Associate Senior Doctor Zhang Huan and other three doctors as well as a midwife Liu Yanyan took bags just yet and rushed downstairs.
“当时，产妇半躺在汽车副驾上，身下是羊水和血水，一个男婴就在旁边，还连着脐带 。 ”	"The mother was half lying on the passenger seat at that time. She was sitting on her amniotic fluid and blood. A baby boy was by her side with the umbilical cord uncut."
张欢询问得知宝宝是个32周的早产儿，路途中家长没来得及给孩子覆盖包裹，初秋的早晨已经有了凉意，他冻得皮肤苍白，没有哭声，四肢瘫软。	Zhang Huan was told that it was a 32-week premature baby. The parents did not have time to have him covered. The baby turned pale because of the cold weather in the morning of fall. He was not crying and felt weak all over.
刘艳艳赶紧到副驾去给宝宝处理脐带，张欢就从驾驶室钻进去，迅速打开了产包，用里面的治疗巾和产包的包布给孩子包了几层保暖，并给新生儿清理呼吸道（如图 ） ， 随后抱着宝宝上到12楼新生儿科。	Liu Yanyan hurried to deal with the baby's umbilical cord. Zhang Huan got into the car from the driver's side and opened the bag to cover the baby with a towel and cloth and cleaned his respiratory tract (as the picture shows). The baby was then sent to the obstetrics department on the 12th floor.
新生儿科医护得知消息后，立刻赶到护士站就地抢救这个早产宝宝。	Neonatologists rushed to the Nurse Station to rescue the baby after hearing the news.
当时宝宝面色发紫，有窒息缺氧的情况，医生立刻给他做了气管插管，不到一分钟，宝宝恢复心跳，皮肤颜色也逐渐恢复红润，复苏成功。	The baby's face turned purple because of suffocation and a lack of oxygen. Doctors, therefore, intubated the baby immediately. His heartbeat gradually returned and face became rosy after about a minute. The resuscitation was successful.
入院后，这个32周的宝宝上了有创呼吸机，经持续抢救，呼吸平稳，第二天已成功撤机。	The 32-week premature baby was put on a respirator after being hospitalized. It was taken away on the second day when the baby's breath became steady after the resuscitation.
经过一周的治疗，目前宝宝生命体征稳定，呼吸通畅，已经开始少量喂奶。	After a week of treatment, the baby is now having a stable pathological sign with a smooth breath. He has been fed with a small amount of milk recently.
巧的是，在19日、20日、21日，该院产科和新生儿科连续3天接诊了3个生在路上的早产儿，另外两个都是出生在120急救车上，都是29周的早产儿，目前在新生儿科积极救治。	It was a coincidence that on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics department and neonatology department of the hospital has received three premature babies who were born on the way in three days. The other two were born in the ambulance and were both 29-week premature babies. They are all under treatment now.
省妇幼保健院产科主任孙国强介绍，近年来，省妇幼接诊了不少出生在地铁上、私家车里的宝宝，这种情况处理不好可能会威胁母子的生命安全。	Head of the obstetrics department of the Provincial Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital Sun Guoqiang said that in recent years, the hospital has received several babies born in subways and cars. It can pose a threat to the life of both mothers and babies if they are not taken good care of.
孙主任提醒，孕妈妈一旦出现腹痛、破水、见红等现象，应立即来医院就诊。	Sun wants to call people's attention that pregnant mothers should go to a hospital immediately if the pain in the abdomen, water breaking or bleeding happens.
万一在家中或路上临盆，产妇应尽量平卧位，可在臀下垫上毯子等，防止婴儿娩出后头撞地，孩子娩出后应立即保暖，尽快就近送医。	A pregnant woman should try to lie on her back if she is about to give birth at home or on the way. A blanket can be put under the body to protect the baby's head from hitting on the floor. The baby should be kept warmth immediately after birth and should be sent to the nearest hospital as soon as possible.
越新航空技术公司正式开业	Vietnam – Singapore Aeronautics and Technology Company Debuts
VSTEA的成立是VAECO同ST Engineering Aerospace公司于2018年4月所签署的合作备忘录的细化内容之一，标志着越南第一家飞机设备保养和维修联营公司的问世。	The founding of Vietnam Singapore Technologies Engineering Aerospace Co. Ltd. (VSTEA) followed a memorandum of understanding between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace signed in April 2018, marking the establishment of the first joint venture of aircraft components maintenance and repair in Vietnam to date.
越南和新加坡的两家一流航空技术公司开展合作，向国内外航空公司提供飞机设备保养与维修服务。	Two world-class aeronautics and technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore are now providing aircraft components maintenance and repair services for domestic and international airlines through cooperation.
越航公司总经理杨志成表示，该公司的联营伙伴 — — ST Engineering Aerospace是世界上规模最大、水平最高的飞机保养集团。	General Manager of Vietnam Airlines said that ST Engineering Aerospace is one of the world's largest MRO service providers in terms of scale and capability.
越航相信，此次合作将给双方带来利益，也是双方未来前景广阔的合作关系的开端。	Vietnam Airlines believed that this cooperation would bring significant benefits to both Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering Aerospace, marking the beginning of more fruitful collaboration in the future.
ST Engineering Aerospace公司总裁Lim Serh Ghee表示，越航与ST Engineering共享丰富经验，将有助于联营公司能够提供国际级保养与维修服务，为保障各家航空公司的飞行安全做出贡献。	Lim Serh Ghee, President of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering would share our experience, provide better aircraft components maintenance and repair services and help ensure air safety for airlines around the world.
VSTEA的诞生有助于越航朝着深广方向加入潜力可挖巨大的飞机设备保养与维修市场。	The establishment of VSTEA will bring Vietnamese Airline deeply into a market of aircraft components maintenance and repair with high potential.
同时迎来接触现代技术与培训资深航空技术人员的大好机会。	It is also a great opportunity to have access to modern technology and provide training for professionals in the aviation industry.
从而更好地满足越南航空业的可持续发展需求。	This way we can meet more needs for sustainable development in Vietnam's aviation industry.
研究显示：制造业已成为全球主要国家关注的焦点-新华网	Research Shows Manufacturing Industry Has Become the Focus of Attention of Major Countries
新华社合肥9月27日电 日前，国家知识产权运营公共服务平台在安徽合肥发布了《全球制造业创新指数白皮书 》 。	Hefei, Sep 27th (Xinhua) -- The White Paper on Innovation Index of Global Manufacturing Industry issued by the national operating public service platform of intellectual property(SIPOP) a few days ago in Hefei, the capital city of China's eastern Anhui province.
白皮书显示，制造业已成为全球主要国家关注的焦点。	The White Paper shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
这是记者在合肥举办的“2019世界制造业大会知识产权运营与保护论坛”上了解的情况。	The information was collected by the reporter from the Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum of the World Manufacturing Convention 2019 held in Hefei.
论坛聚焦知识产权助力中国制造升级，从政策解读的宏观层面和企业实践的微观视角，全面探索制造业领域知识产权运营与保护的创新举措，深入研讨制造业知识产权保护热点话题，持续提升知识产权高质量运用能力，加速构筑制造业智能化升级优势。	The forum focused on how IPR helps promote China's manufacturing upgrades, explore creative measures to ensure intellectual property operation and protection in the manufacturing industry from the perspective of policy interpretation and business practices. The forum also discussed central issues related to intellectual property protection in the manufacturing industry and the necessity of improving the ability to take full advantage of intellectual property and accelerate upgrades of the manufacturing industry.
论坛邀请了国家知识产权局、中国科学院学者以及相关国内外行业组织、专业研究机构专家，就如何加强知识产权保护、促进知识产权运用分享经验、献计献策。	Scholars from China's National Intellectual Property Administration and Chinese Academy of Science, as well as experts from relevant domestic and international organizations and professional institutions, were invited to the forum to share experience and ideas on how to enforce intellectual property protection and promote intellectual property operation.
在论坛上，安徽省市场监督管理局发布了《专利导航安徽省创新发展质量分析评价》报告，根据专利导航区域创新高质量发展指数测算结果，安徽省2018年专利导航区域创新高质量发展指数在全国31省区市中排名第八位，创新要素集聚指数排名全国第四。	At the forum, the Administration for Market Regulation of Anhui province issued a report on the Analysis and Assessment of the Patent Navigation for the Quality of Innovation and Development of Anhui Province. According to the result of the quality development index in the patent navigation areas, Anhui Province was ranked eighth in 2018 among 31 provinces and cities in China. In terms of the ranking of the innovation essential factor cluster index, Anhui was the fourth.
本次论坛由安徽省人民政府主办，安徽省市场监督管理局、国家知识产权运营公共服务平台和中国知识产权发展联盟联合承办。	The forum was hosted by the People's Government of Anhui Province and jointly hosted by the Administration for Market Regulation of Anhui province, SIPOP and China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
2019中网正赛今日揭幕 多名奥运冠军参加开幕式	2019 China Open starts today with many Olympic champions at the opening ceremony
多名奥运冠军参加开幕式 观众将和少年合唱团同声合唱《我和我的祖国》	With many Olympic champions at the opening ceremony, audience and junior choir will sing the song "My country and I" together
2019中国网球公开赛正赛将于今日在国家网球中心正式开拍，在晚场首战比赛之前组委会将会举行一个简短而隆重的开幕仪式，多名奥运冠军以及体育界的知名人士都将会聚集在钻石球场，参加开幕式的嘉宾、观众将会和少年合唱团的孩子们一起同声合唱《我和我的祖国 》 。	2019 China Open will announce the main draw field today at the National Tennis Center. The organizing committee will be holding a brief but grand opening ceremony before the first match this evening. With Olympic champions and sport celebrities gathering in the Diamond Court, guests and the audience will sing the song "My country and I" with the junior choir.
在未来包括十一黄金周在内的九天时间里，北京将再度迎来网球热潮，国家网球中心将会成为球迷们节假日的好去处。	In the coming nine days that include the "Golden Week" of the National Day Holiday, Beijing will again embrace the craze for tennis, and the National Tennis Center will be a great place to go for tennis fans on holiday.
中国网球公开赛自从2004年创办以来，已经走过了15个春秋，今年是第16次举办。	It has been 15 years since the China Open was founded in 2004. This year saw its 16th edition.
而今年中网赛事的总奖金额也是再创历史新高，达到1116万美元。	The prize money of the China Open this year is 11,160,000 dollars, setting the new record.
其中女子皇冠赛总奖金为764万美元，和印第安维尔斯、迈阿密这两站皇冠赛相比，后两项女单比赛是96签位，而中网则是60签位，所以对于球员们来说，中网参赛显得更具“性价比 ” 。	The total prize money for Women's Premier Mandatory is 7,640,000 dollars. With its 60-draw women's singles, the China Open has a more attractive "price" than the Indian Wells and Miami tournaments, both of which are 96-draw.
中网男子ATP500分赛的总奖金更是创历史新高，由去年的340万美元提升至352万美元，奖金数继续领衔ATP500分赛，而同周举行的ATP500赛东京站的总奖金是200万美元左右。	The prize money for Men's ATP 500 is also the highest on record, rising from last year's 3,400,000 dollars to 3,520,000 dollars, making it the highest in ATP 500. The other ATP 500 tournament, held in Tokyo in the same week, offers about 2,000,000 dollars.
在今晚中央球场安排的第一场比赛之前，将会有一个简短而隆重的开幕式。	There will be a brief but grand opening ceremony before the start of the first match in the central court this evening.
参加今晚开幕式的除了有领导、部分球员之外，还会有来自中国体育界各个领域的十位佼佼者，其中不乏奥运会冠军、世界冠军获得者。	Apart from representatives from the authorities and some of the players, there will be ten eminent athletes from different fields across the Chinese sporting world, among whom are Olympic champions and world champions.
开幕式之后安排的中央球场的首战是一场WTA第一轮赛事，由中国金花彭帅对阵俄罗斯选手卡萨金娜，接下来的第二场比赛由美国新秀索菲亚·肯宁挑战2015年中网女单冠军穆古拉扎，就此揭开2019中网大幕。	The 2019 edition of China Open will start from a first round WTA match between Peng Shuai of China and Daria Kasatkina of Russia after the opening ceremony. In the second match, the American rising star Sofia Kenin will challenge the 2015 China Open Champion of Women's Singles, Garbine Muguruza.
“世界上最美的未嫁公主”订婚了！	“The most beautiful single Princess in the world” is engaged!
据英国《地铁报》消息，白金汉宫26日宣布，英国公主比阿特丽斯和莫齐订婚。	According to the Metro Newspaper UK, Buckingham Palace announced on 26th that Britain’s Princess Beatrice got engaged with Mozzi.
据悉，莫齐是一位34岁的意大利亿万富翁，主要从事房地产开发方面的工作。	It is reported that Mozzi is a 34-year-old billionaire in Italy, mainly working in the development of property.
比阿特丽斯明年(2020年)将和这位房地产大亨结婚。	Beatrice will marry this property tycoon next year.
比阿特丽斯公主是英国女王伊丽莎白二世的孙女、安德鲁王子和前妻约克公爵夫人莎拉·弗格森的长女，在英国王位继承人顺序中排名第五，被誉为“世界上最美丽的未嫁公主 ” 。	Beatrice is the grandchild of Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II, and the elder daughter of Prince Andrew and his former wife Sarah, Duchess of York. She is fifth in line of succession to the British throne, and has been praised as “the most beautiful single Princess in the world”.
约克公爵夫人26日在社交网络上发布了女儿的订婚照片，并表示 ： “ 我们非常高兴地宣布，比阿特丽斯公主和莫齐先生订婚了 。 ”	Duchess of York posted her daughter’s photos of engagement on social media on 26th, saying that “We are thrilled that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozzi have got engaged.”
英国方面表示，两人于本月初在意大利订婚。	The UK suggested that they got engaged in Italy earlier this month.
订婚照由比阿特丽斯的妹妹欧金妮拍摄。	The photos of engagement were took by Beatrice’s young sister Eugenie.
两人在一份声明中表示，我们非常高兴与大家分享订婚的消息。	They both announced that, we are delighted to share the news of our engagement with everyone.
我们为能够携手踏上人生旅途而兴奋不已，我们迫不及待想要结婚。	We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together. We cannot wait to get married.
我们有着许多相似的兴趣和观念，这将使我们在未来的岁月中更加稳定，充满爱与幸福。	We share so many similar interests and values, which will stand us in great stead for the years ahead, full of love and happiness.
一个罚球最多得三分？	Earn three points by one free throw?
北京时间27日，NBA发展联盟宣布试行罚球新规，每次罚球只出手一次，分值由犯规情况来确定。	On the 27th of Beijing time, NBA G League announced an experimental rule change. Under the new rule, one free throw worth one, two or three points will be awarded in the event of any foul that would typically result in one, two or three free throws being shot under standard NBA rules.
奥尼尔在NBA球星中，罚球命中率很低。	Among all NBA stars, Shaquille O'Neal has a relatively low free throw percentage.
新规规定，两分投篮犯规罚进可得2分，三分投篮犯规罚进可得3分，犯规加罚罚进得1分。	According to the new rule, if it is an and-one situation, that one free throw counts as one point, same as always. If players are fouled shooting a two-point shot, the free throw counts as two points. If they are fouled shooting a three-pointer, it counts as three points.
常规时间最后两分钟及加时赛，沿用以往的罚球规则。	The new rule will not apply during the final two minutes of the fourth quarter or the entirety of any overtime period.
虽然这一规定新赛季只在NBA发展联盟试行，但球迷们更关心，假如规定在NBA推行，对于现在的球员们会有什么影响。	The new rule is only being experimented in the NBA G League in the new season. However, fans are caring more about its impacts on players if the rule is implemented at the NBA level.
目前来看，很多人认为，新规可能对于“大胡子”哈登有利，而罚球相对没那么出色的詹姆斯，要“遭殃”了。	Currently, many people believe that this new rule will be beneficial to James Harden but may cause LeBron James some trouble since he is not very good at free throws.
武汉推进工业企业智能化改造 最高给予2000万元补助	Wuhan offers up to 20 million Yuan in subsidies to promote intelligent technology reconstruction of its industrial enterprises
记者27日从武汉市政府新闻办召开的“礼赞新中国 喜迎军运会”城市系列发布会上获悉，今年以来，该市加快推进工业智能化改造，并实施最高给予2000万元的转型补助措施。	Wuhan has accelerated its industrial reconstruction since the beginning of this year, and it offers subsidies of up to 20 million Yuan to encourage enterprises to adopt intelligent technology, the reporter has learned on the 27th from the city's series of themed press conferences "A Tribute to New China, Greetings to Military World Games" held by the Information Office of Wuhan Municipal Government.
截至目前，已收集800多家规模以上工业企业智能化改造需求信息。	By now, intelligent technology reconstruction requests have been collected from more than 800 enterprises above designated size.
武汉市经济和信息化局副局长张红介绍，今年起，武汉启动工业企业智能化改造行动计划，为有需求的规模以上工业企业提供免费咨询诊断服务并提出解决方案，全面推进新一轮高层次企业技术改造。	Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Bureau of Economics and Information Technology, said that since this year, Wuhan has launched a plan in action to encourage industrial enterprises to adopt intelligent technology. By offering free consultation and diagnosis services, as well as proposing solutions for the industrial enterprises above the designated size, the plan aims to further facilitate enterprises' technical renovations.
按照计划，武汉市每年公开遴选一批专业化诊断服务机构，通过开设专栏、问卷调查、上门填报等形式，面向全市所有规模以上工业企业开展智能化改造需求普查。	According to the plan, Wuhan will publicly select a group of professional consulting agencies every year, and they will investigate the intelligent technology reconstruction needs of all the industrial enterprises above the designated size in the city by setting up columns, sending out questionnaires, visiting and collecting information, etc..
截至目前，已收集800多家规上工业企业智能化改造需求信息，占全市规模以上工业企业数近三分之一。	Up to now, requests from more than 800 industrial enterprises above the designated scale, nearly one-third across the city, have been collected.
5家市级诊断平台已组织团队分批入驻企业，开展“一对一”的现场评估和方案论证。	Five municipal consulting platforms have organized teams to start serving the enterprises in batches and carry out "one-on-one" on-site evaluation and plan discussion.
张红介绍，目前该市正组织实施智能化改造项目373个，计划总投资297.6亿元，虹信通信华中首家5G智能化生产线、摩托罗拉全国领先智能化手机生产线、武汉西门子变压器数字化无人工厂、航天科工全国首条批量化卫星生产线、回盛生物世界领先新型兽药智能化生产线、欧邦智能家居物联网智能生产线等一批行业内领先的智能车间和智慧工厂相继启动建设。	Zhang Hong noted that there are 373 intelligent renovation projects currently being implemented in the city and the investment is expected to reach 29.76 billion Yuan. A number of industry leading smart workshops and smart factories have started constructions one after another, such as the first 5G smart production line in central China from Hong in Communications, a country's leading mobile phone smart production line from Motorola, a digital, unmanned transformer factory from Wuhan Siemens, the country's first satellite mass production line from China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation, a world's leading smart production line of new veterinary drugs from Hue Shang Biology, IOT smart production line from EU Smart Home, etc..
此外，武汉市还加大对智能化改造项目财政金融支持。	In addition, Wuhan will also enhance its fiscal and financial support for intelligent renovation projects.
其中，包括对工业企业实施智能化改造的，按其实际完成投资；包括设备硬件投资、研发软性投资，给予8 % ， 最高2000万元的转型补助。	That includes, an industrial enterprise undergoing intelligent technology reconstruction will be given a subsidy which equals to 8% of its completed investment (including the investment on equipments and hardwares, as well as on research and development) with a cap of 20 million Yuan.
同时，积极联合交行、浙商行武汉分行等金融机构，专门针对工业企业智能化改造提供个性化的金融服务，大力缓解企业融资压力。	At the same time, the government will also work together with Bank of Communications, Zhejiang Business Bank Wuhan Branch and other financial institutions to provide personalized financial services specifically for the intelligent technology reconstruction of industrial enterprises in order to reduce their financing pressure.
特鲁多“人设崩塌 ” ， 他还能成功连任吗	After Justin Trudeau's public persona has collapsed, is he able to still win the re-election
这次把特鲁多绊出一溜跟头的“大坑 ” ， 正是特鲁多自己一点点挖出来的。	It was Trudeau who dug himself into a big hole, and got quite a cropper this time.
近日，加拿大媒体接连曝出多张现任总理特鲁多的旧照，照片中特鲁多将自己装扮成黑人形象。	In the past few days many old photos in which the current Prime Minister Trudeau was dressed up as a black man have been exposed by the Canadian media one after another.
这被认为是一种明显的种族歧视行为，旋即在加拿大引发轩然大波。	It was seen as a blatant act of racial discrimination which immediately had stirred up a shockwave of uproar in Canada.
事情发生后，特鲁多反复向公众道歉。	After it happened, Trudeau has apologized to the public over and over again.
然而，加拿大民众并不怎么买账。	However, Canadian citizens are less than impressed.
特鲁多算是搬起石头砸了自己的脚。	Trudeau is doing nothing more than lifting a rock only to drop it on his own feet.
正如政治评论家莱利等人所指出的，自“反黑脸运动”从美国兴起后，特鲁多和联邦自由党一直高调指责反对党或本党内持不同意见人士在这方面“大节有亏 ” ， 并多次扬言“无论谁犯此错误都该立即被开除 ” 。	As the political commentator Larry Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" in the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have launched a high-profile campaign by accusing the opposition or the dissenters on their own side of "a breach of honor and integrity" and repeatedly spreading the line that "whoever makes such mistakes should be kicked out immediately."
简单来说，这次把特鲁多绊出一溜跟头的“大坑 ” ， 正是特鲁多自己一点点挖出来的。	In short, Trudeau had dug himself into a big hole and got quite a cropper this time.
特鲁多是加拿大前总理皮埃尔·特鲁多的儿子，年轻英俊，刚出道时曾刮起一阵“政治偶像”旋风。	As the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, the handsome young Trudeau had triggered off a whirlwind as a "political icon" in his early days of debut.
原本是“政治素人”的他，接任联邦自由党党首后，在2015年加拿大联邦立法选举中打了一场出乎意料的漂亮仗 — — 联邦自由党在联邦下院中议席过半，获得宝贵的单独组阁权。	Once a "novice politician", he took over as the leader of the Federal Liberals and won a surprisingly excellent campaign in Canada's Federal legislative election in 2015. The Liberals secured more that half the seats in the House of Commons and obtained the invaluable power to form a cabinet on its own.
其时，特鲁多提出了许多振聋发聩的政纲、理念，如“族裔与性别平等 ” “ 生态环保 ” “ 经济振兴 ” ， 强调杜绝腐败和“不正之风”等。	At that time, Trudeau had come up with many mind-blowing political programs and visions, such as "ethnic and gender equality", "ecological-environmental protection" and "economic revitalization," stressing the elimination of corruption and "malpractices" and so on.
然而，执政5年来，他在上述几乎所有方面都虎头蛇尾 ， “ 高开低走 ” 。	However, five years since he came into office, what he did is half-assed in almost all the above fields, "a bit of anticlimax with a fine start but a poor end."
拿“族裔与性别平等”问题来说，撇开此次“黑脸”事件不谈，此前他在一系列有关原住民问题上“口惠而实不至 ” ， 使得原住民团体、首领在加拿大建国150周年的日子里把抗议帐篷搬到国会山庄大门口。	Taking the issue of "ethnic and gender equality" and putting the "blackface" incident aside, he has only "paid lip service" on a series of aboriginal issues, making the aboriginal groups and chiefs move their protesting tents to the gate of Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of Canada's founding.
在杜绝腐败方面，在去年底今年初，特鲁多卷入沸沸扬扬的“兰万灵事件”当中。	In fighting against corruption, Trudeau had been involved in an uproar regarding the "Lavalin affair" at the turn of this year.
其被曝出，对自己家乡的建筑工程公司“兰万灵”重大违规徇私舞弊案，向负责查处的部门和官员施压，要求后者“高抬贵手 ” 。	It was revealed that he had put pressure on the authorities and officials responsible for the investigation of irregularity and jobbery of "Lavalin," a construction engineering company from his hometown, by asking the latter "not to be too hard on it."
而且，特鲁多在事情闹大后反而迁怒于披露弊案的官员 — — 前文提到的王洲迪，正是率先披露弊案的、直接经办案件的时任加拿大总检察长。	What's more, after it had blown up into an uproar, Trudeau instead vented his anger on the official disclosing the fraud case. It was the aforementioned Jody Wilson-Raybould, then the Attorney General of Canada, who took the lead to disclose the case and handled directly.
尽管案件本身还有疑点，但其嫌疑却难以洗刷。	Although the case itself remains suspect, it was hard to get himself out of suspicions.
许多观察家指出，特鲁多执政5年人设崩塌，主要是自己“刨坑”所致，而最大的“坑”莫过于“虎头蛇尾 ” “ 自食其果”和“宽于律己，严于律人”这三条。	As many observers have pointed out, largely due to his negligence of "digging himself into holes," Trudeau's pubic persona collapsed five years after he came into power and "the biggest hole" is believed to cover nothing more than the three sides including "his half-assed leadership with a fine start but a poor end," "shooting himself in the foot," and "the sharp contrast between indulging himself and disciplining the others."
加拿大最权威的安古斯-雷德民调数据显示，自2015年至今，支持特鲁多的受访者从逾60%一路滑到30%多，反对者却从不到30%飙升至60%以上。	Since 2015, supporters for Trudeau have slid all the way from more than 60 percent to more than 30 percent, while his opponents soared from less than 30 percent to more than 60 percent, according to the most authoritative Angus Reid poll data in Canada.
尽管其他反对党及其党首表现同样不佳，但即便相当一部分仍愿投联邦自由党票的选民，如今也对这位联邦总理、执政党党首的人设不以为然。	Although other opposition parties and their leaders have shown poor performances as well, quite a portion of voters who would still vote for the Federal Liberals nowadays think incredulously about the persona of the Prime Minister and leader of the ruling party.
10月21日，新一届加拿大联邦立法选举即将开始，特鲁多还能重演5年前大获全胜的剧目吗？	As a new term of federal legislative election in Canada is about to start on October 21, will Trudeau be able to replay the drama of a big win five years ago?
答案可能就一个字：难。	The answer may be one word: difficult.
无论是从企业竞争层面、消费者体验层面，还是从区域航空一体化、京津冀发展一体化层面，都具有深远影响和积极意义。	It will bring far-reaching and positive impacts on many levels, whether on business competitions and consumer experiences, or on the regional integration of aviation as well as the integrated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei.
9月25日，北京大兴国际机场正式通航。	Beijing Daxing International Airport had officially opened on Sept 25th.
新京报记者从北京市发改委获悉，首都机场已处于超饱和运行状态，大兴国际机场的开通，将提升首都航空服务能力。	The Beijing News reporter has learned from the Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform that Beijing Capital Airport has already been in an overloaded operation, and the opening of Daxing International Airport will improve the service capacity of capital aviation.
继上海之后，北京成为我国第二个同城拥有两座机场的城市，与上海虹桥国际机场主要服务于国内航空事务、浦东机场则以国际航运航空为主类似，未来首都机场与大兴机场也将以服务于国内与国际不同航空业务的差异化定位，提供更加细分的服务。	Following Shanghai, Beijing has become the second player in China to run two airports in the same city. Similar to the business roles of Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport mainly serving domestic flights and Pudong Airport focusing on international shippings, differentiated services are also introduced in the operation of Bejing Capital Airport and Daxing Airport, which will provide more specialized services in niche markets covering both domestic and international aviation business in the future.
大兴机场通航，从业务发展角度而言，对于首都机场更多是利好影响。	The opening of Daxing Airport, from the perspective of business development, will be in favor of the Capital Airport.
首都机场2018年旅客吞吐量突破1亿人次，位居全国之首，但相比于快速增长的业务需求，仍存有明显的运力差，尤其是国际航线需求有较大缺口。	The passenger throughput of Capital Airport has exceeded 100 million in the year of 2018, ranking first in China. However, in contrast with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a larger gap in its total shipping capacity, especially in the needs for international airlines.
为了更好服务国内外乘客旅游、出差等需求，适应北京日益开放、与国际接轨的城市发展趋势，大兴国际机场定位为大型国际枢纽机场，计划未来满足年旅客吞吐量1亿人次、货邮吞吐量400万吨。	In order to better meet the needs of domestic and overseas passengers, including for sightseeing, business trips and so on, and fit in with Beijing's developing momentum of being increasingly open and compatible with international practices, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub to carry an annual throughput of 100 million passengers and 4 million tons of total cargo in the future.
所以，两个机场定位不重叠，分别针对不同的客户群，也都有着足够的市场空间。	Therefore, there is no overlapping as to the business roles of two airports which are respectively targeted at different customer segments with enough market potentialities.
从经济账层面来看，大兴国际机场的通航，显然会形成双赢效应，缓解北京航空运力紧张局面，加快乘客和货物吞吐量增长速度，打造首都航空双核运行的增量蛋糕。	Economically speaking, the opening of Daxing International Airport will definitely trigger a win-win effect by relieving the pressure on Beijing's air transport, accelerating the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput and boosting the incremental growth of Beijing airline service with the dual-core operation.
从用户角度而言，随着大兴国际机场的通航，未来不必都集中于首都机场出行，也可以减少航线过于集中所带来的一系列问题，如过站保障时间加长，旅客登机速度变慢，间接增加飞机与旅客在机场滞留时间，加剧机场运行的负担，通过首都机场航运减负，其实也改善了乘客的出行体验。	For the customers, they don't have to rely on the Capital Airport to travel anymore since the opening of Daxing International Airport, which can help reduce a series of problems resulting from the heavy concentration of flight routes such as a longer period of flight support and maintenance, the slowdown of boarding speed, the indirect increase of transit time at the airport for both airlines and passengers. Actually, it can also help improve the passengers' traveling experience by reducing the burden on the Capital Airport's service.
根据媒体对去大型国际机场多种交通路线时间和费用的测算，如从南五环出发走京开高速直接上大兴机场高速，开车的话50分钟就能到，油钱来回40元左右，高速费15元；而选择轨道交通地铁大兴机场线，路程根据距离以20公里、30公里为限，票价分为10元、25元、35元三档；市民还可乘坐京雄城际，从北京西站到大兴机场站只要20多分钟。	According to the media's calculations on the time and expense of getting to Daxing International Airport via different transportation routes, if you leave from the south fifth-ring road and ride directly to Daxing Airport expressway by passing over Beijing-Kaifeng highway, it will take 50 minutes and cost about 40 yuan for a round trip in addition to an expressway toll of 15 yuan. If you choose the rail transportation by taking Daxing Airport subway, its ticket rates are divided into three levels by 10, 25 and 35 yuan, charged according to the distance limits up from 20 to 30 kilometers. Passengers can also take Beijing-Xiong'an Intercity Railway at the Beijing West Railway Station to get over to Daxing Airport station within just 20 minutes.
总体而言，市民去大兴机场有多种交通工具可选，费用和时间也在较为合理的范围之内。	In general, there are a lot of transportation options for passengers to get to the Daxing Airport with a reasonable range of cost and time.
而从趋势发展角度：大兴机场的定位是京津冀交通枢纽，因此距离北京市区距离稍远，但强化了对河北、天津的辐射，方便了更多人出行，对拉动河北、天津的经济发展意义重大。	For its future development: as the transportion hub in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Daxing airport is located a little far away from downtown Beijing. However, its radiations to Hebei and Tianjin are strengthened by facilitating the travels of more of the population and is of great significance to promote the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
未来，河北、天津乘客可以享受大兴国际机场提供的更多国际航空线路服务，这从大兴机场的交通规划中可见一斑。	In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin will be able to enjoy more international airline services provided by Daxing International Airport which can be seen from the transportation plan of Daxing International Airport.
大兴机场的配套交通设施非常完善，除了北京市区直达大兴机场的新机场线外，还有多条高速公路联通大兴机场与周边地区。	The affiliated transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are perfect. In addition to the new airport subway line from downtown Beijing to Daxing Airport, there are several expressways connecting the airport with the neighboring area.
这就如同广东东莞、佛山、清远等城市乘客可以通过广佛、广深等高速公路去广州白云机场一样，北京周边廊坊、雄安新区等地居民也将受益于大兴机场，获得便捷高效的航空服务。	In the same way passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via the Guangzhou-Foshan, Guangzhou-Shenzhen expressway, residents in Langfang and Xiong'an New Area around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport by enjoying a convenient and efficient air service.
由此可以看到，大兴国际机场的通航，不只是增加了几条跑道和几架飞机而已，无论是从企业竞争层面、消费者体验层面，还是从区域航空一体化、京津冀发展一体化层面，都具有深远影响和积极意义，不仅事关北京航运产业的长远布局和发展，为京津冀广大居民的出行提供多样化选择，推动北京航运业服务质量进一步提升，更有利于促进京津冀一体化发展进程，拉动大兴机场周边地区的经贸发展。	As we can see, the opening of Daxing International Airport does not only mean an increase of runways and planes, but also will have a far-reaching and positive impact, whether on business competition and consumer experience, or the regional integration of aviation and the integrated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei. It is not only connected with the long-term development of Beijing air industry to provide a diversified choice of traveling for the general residents in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and promoting Beijing air industry to further improve its service quality, but also will be more favorable for promoting the integrated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei and stimulating the economic development in the surrounding area of the airport.
因此，对于大兴机场的通航，我们在经济上不仅要算个体的小账，更要算整体发展的大账。	As to the opening of Daxing Airport, it is necessary for us to not only care about the economical interests individually but also to think big and drive the overall growth of the whole region.
27日中小板指涨1.46 % - 新华网	SME board index rose by 1.46 percent on 27th - Xinhua
新华社深圳9月27日电（记者 赵瑞希）27日中小板指高开高走，最终报收6077.23点，比上个交易日上涨87.55点，涨幅1.46 % 。	SHENZHEN, September 27 (Xinhua) - The small and medium-sized enterprises board(SME board) index opened at a high level and remained high on the 27th, closing at 6077.23 points, 87.55 points or 1.46 percent of growth from the previous trading day.
当日，中小板成交金额1080亿元，比上个交易日减少319亿元。	On the day, the total turnover of the SME board was 108 billion Chinese yuan, which was a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
中小板当日交易的股票中，有668只个股收盘报涨，弘高创意等15只个股涨停；222只个股收盘报跌，顺威股份等4只个股跌停；伟星股份等40只个股收平。	Among the stocks traded on the SME board on the 27th, 668 stocks were up by the closing bell and 15 stocks including Honggao Creative soared to a limit-up level; 222 stocks were down by the closing bell and 4 stocks including Sunwill fell to a limit-down level. The closing price of 40 stocks including Weixing remained the same with the opening price.
2019年越南经济社会问题论坛在承天顺化省举行	2019 Forum Socio-Economic Situation of Vietnam Held in Thua Thien-Hue
越南国会经济委员会副主任阮德坚透露，今年年初，越南经济社会发展呈现出许多新的起色并继续保持增长态势。	According to Nguyen Duc Kien, vice chairman of the National Assembly (NA)’s Economics Committee, Vietnam’s socio-economic situation maintains its growth and has shown positive signs.
此次论坛集中讨论了2019年前几个月突出的经济社会问题，提出在2019年底和2020年经济社会发展的措施。	The forum discussed major social-economic issues of Vietnam in the first few months of 2019, as well as measures for Vietnam’s socio-economic development at the end of 2019 and in 2020.
论坛上，参会代表就2019年经济发展情况和部分自贸协定的影响、2019年越南经济的一些突出问题、2019年越南社会文化中的突出问题以及对2020年越南经济社会发展的预测和建议等4个主题深入交换意见和看法。	Participants discussed four main topics, including Vietnam’s economic development in 2019 and impacts of free trade agreements, major issues of Vietnam’s economy in 2019, major socio-cultural issues of Vietnam in 2019, and projections and ideas for Vietnam’s socio-economic development in 2020.
代表们普遍认为，2019年头几个月，全球经济增长放缓，风险和挑战增多。	Participants believed that, in the first few months of 2019, the global economy witnessed a sluggish growth. We are facing more risks and challenges.
各大经济体之间的贸易摩擦使全球贸易和投资进一步萎缩。	Trade friction between large economies has caused negative impacts on global trade and investment.
国际货币基金组织（IMF）认定，尽管全球经济充满不确定性，其中全球70%的经济体陷入增长停滞状态，但越南经济发展依然取得了许多可喜成就，宏观经济平稳运行、通货膨胀得到有效控制，2019年上半年居民消费价格指数平均增长2.64 % ， 创近三年来的最低增幅。	According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), despite the uncertainty seen in the global economy with 70% of the economies having economic slowdown, Vietnam made significant achievements in economic development as the macroeconomy has been stable, inflation is under control and the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in the first half of 2019 grew by 2.64% in average, the lowest over the past three years.
2019年上半年GDP增长6.76 % ， 虽然低于去年同期的7.05 % ， 但与2011-2017年阶段同期的水平相比，增幅依然是较高的水平。	The first six months of 2019 witnessed a Gross Domestic Products (GDP) growth by 6.76%, lower than the same period last year which was 7.05%, but much higher than it was in the same period in 2011 to 2017.
在对2019-2020年越南经济发展趋势做出预测时，越南国家经济社会预测中心副主任邓德英表示，在世界经济动荡的背景下，2019年越南经济呈现出较高的增长势头。	When predicting the economic growth in 2019 to 2020, Dang Duc Anh, deputy director of National Socio-Economic Prediction Centre of Vietnam, said that the Vietnamese economy has developed fast in 2019 despite the fact that there has been economic turbulence around the world.
预计到2020年，越南宏观经济继续保持基本平稳，各项自贸协定的落实将助推贸易发展，经济结构调整、营商环境改善工作得到进一步加强，因受贸易摩擦的影响，越南对外出口活动将呈现下降态势。	It is estimated that by 2020, the Vietnamese macroeconomy will remain steady. The implementation of free trade agreements will promote trade development. The economic structure will be further improved, so will the business environment. There will be a reduction in export from Vietnam due to global trade friction.
因此须加强监测预报预警机制，主动寻找针对越南出口商品的贸易救济措施，寻找拓展新出口市场的机会，为农水产品等各种商品对外出口创造便利。	As a result, it is necessary to improve the monitoring and warning mechanism so that remedies for the reduction in export can be taken and opportunities to explore new export market can be found, thus bringing convenience to the export of commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
与此同时，将通货膨胀率控制在合理的水平，借此推动辅助工业的发展，支持发展高科技农业、有机农业和生态农业等。	In the meanwhile, inflation should be kept at a reasonable level so to promote the development of supporting industries, high tech agriculture，organic and ecological agriculture, etc..
中国驻柬埔寨大使馆驻暹粒领事办公室主任刘志杰26日在暹粒举行招待会，庆祝新中国成立70周年。	Liu Zhijie, director of the Siem Reap consulate office of the Chinese embassy in Cambodia, held a reception party in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
刘志杰说，新中国成立70年来，中国积极参与国际事务，为完善全球经济治理、促进全球共同发展贡献更多中国智慧与中国方案，为世界和平与发展做出了重要贡献，也为柬埔寨经济发展和民生福祉带来实实在在的利益。	Liu Zhijie said that China had been playing an active role in international affairs in the past 70 years since its founding and had made major contributions to global peace and development by committing to global economic governance and common development with unique solutions of Chinese wisdom, which had brought real benefits to Cambodia's economic development as well as to the well-being of its people.
刘志杰介绍说，作为世界第二大经济体，中国对世界经济增长的贡献率超过30 % ， 尤其是中国“一带一路”倡议，中国各地方省市与暹粒及领区各省之间的合作不断深入。	Liu Zhijie commented that as the world's second largest economy, China's contribution to the global economic growth has exceeded 30%. Particularly driven by China's Belt and Road initiative, in-depth cooperations are under way between China's local cities and Siem Reap as well as other provinces in the consular district.
他说，今年是中柬建交61年的开启之年，两国有着兄弟般的友好情谊，中柬互利合作将成为当地经济社会发展的动力。	He added that this year marks the beginning of the 61-year-long diplomatic ties between China and Cambodia; and between the two countries a brotherly friendship has been forged. Cooperations based on mutual benefits between China and Cambodia will certainly drive the local economic and social development.
暹粒省省长迪赛哈高度赞扬70年来新中国所取得的伟大成就，对中柬两国友好合作取得的成果表示祝贺。	Di Saiha, the governor of Siem Reap province, highly praised the great achievements New China had made over the past 70 years and extended his congratulations on the achievements of friendly cooperation between China and Cambodia.
迪赛哈期待双方继续携手推进中柬友谊与合作，加强互信互利、不断改善人民生活水平。	Di Saiha looked forward to seeing both sides continue to work together in order to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutually beneficial cooperations, and keep improving the living conditions of the people.
迪赛哈说，暹粒省与中国各省市的友好交往引人注目，迄今与中国28个省市缔结友城关系，大型文化演艺项目《吴哥微笑》和《吴哥王朝》落地，暹粒-广西农业示范园、暹粒新国际机场项目、暹粒省政府官员专项培训班、暹粒学子赴华留学奖学金、乡村义诊、兴修改造市区道路、白内障复明公益项目“光明行”等合作硕果累累，在柬中友好合作中，暹粒人民成了直接受益者。	Di Saiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap province and the Chinese side have had outstanding outcomes so far and yielded fruitful results including the sister-city relationships with 28 provinces and cities in China, the large-scale cultural performance projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty," the Siem Reap-Guangxi agricultural demonstration park, Siem Reap's new international airport project, a special training program for Siem Reap provincial officials, scholarships for Siem Reap students to study in China, charity healthcare in rural areas, reconstruction of urban roads, and a charity project of cataract rehabilitation "Guang Mingxing," which leads the people of Siem Reap to become the direct beneficiaries of the Sino-Cambodia friendly cooperations.
柬埔寨国防部国务秘书肯文松、暹粒省理事会主席翁恒、领区5省省长，柬华理事会暹粒分会、志愿者教师、柬埔寨中国商会暹粒分会、中资企业代表以及外国驻暹粒领团代表出席了招待会。	Participants joining the reception also included the state secretary of the Ministry of Defense of Cambodia Ken Wensong, the chairman of the Siem Reap provincial council Weng Heng, the governors of the five provinces in the consular district, representatives from the Siem Reap branch of the Cambodia-China Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, Chinese-funded enterprises, and foreign consulates in Siem Reap.
在云栖小镇见证数字中国的十年“云起 ” - 新华网	Witness China's "rise of cloud" in the past ten years in Yunqi Cloud Town - Xinhua Net
如果把2009年的地方网站论坛作为原点，25至27日在杭州举行的2019云栖大会已走过整整十年。	If the local website forum in 2009 is regarded as a start, the Yunqi Apsara Conference 2019 held in Hangzhou from the 25th to the 27th was the 10th anniversary of the holding of the conference.
从一个“云里雾里”的概念，到“上云”的实践，大数据、云计算在10年间成为支撑中国经济发展、社会管理、公共服务的核心技术之一。	From knowing little about the concept and feeling like "head in the clouds" to the practice of "going up to the cloud" by developing big data and cloud computing, China has witnessed how they became the core technology in supporting China's economic growth, social management and public services.
在位于浙江海宁的正泰新能源光伏电池车间，最近质检员身旁多了位装载有阿里云人工智能的新“同事 ” 。	In the photovoltaic cell workshop of CHINT Group in Haining, China's eastern Zhejiang province, many quality inspectors had new "colleagues" equipped with Alibaba Cloud artificial intelligence by their sides.
它24小时无休、识别速度是人工的两倍以上、质检准确率稳定在95%以上。	It works 24 hours a day, with the recognition speed of more than twice that of a man and the accuracy of quality inspection of more than 95%.
据公司负责人介绍，这位带有摄像头的“质检员”已集中学习了4万多张瑕疵样片，凭借背后的云计算算力，它能快速将红外图像转换为二进制语言，将有瑕疵的电池片分类放置。	According to the head of the company, the new "quality inspector" equipped with a camera has learnt more than 40,000 flawed samples. With its cloud computing ability, it can quickly convert an infrared image into the binary language and divide the flawed battery cell from the others.
这家企业只是当今云计算助力制造业转型的一个缩影。	This company is just an example in today's manufacturing transformation supported by cloud computing.
工业和信息化部2018年曾印发《推动企业上云实施指南（2018-2020年 ） 》 ，提出到2020年，力争实现企业上云意识和积极性明显提高，上云比例和应用深度显著提升。	In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the Guide on Promoting the Using of Cloud Computing in Enterprises (2018-2020), saying that by 2020, enterprises' awareness and enthusiasm for using cloud should be significantly increased, so do the proportion of cloud adoption and depth of application.
阿里云创始人王坚表示，今天，数据为中心的云计算已为数据为关键要素的数字经济搭建了桥，开辟了路。	Founder of Alibaba Cloud Wang Jian said that today, data-centered cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy with data as a key element.
与此同时，10年来，我国云计算产业规模也不断扩大。	Moreover, in the past ten years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has continued to expand.
中国信息通信研究院今年7月发布的《云计算发展白皮书（2019 ） 》 显示，2018年中国云计算整体市场规模达962.8亿元，较2017年增长39.2 % 。	According to the White Paper on Cloud Computing Development (2019) released by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) in July this year, China's overall cloud computing market size reached 96.28 billion Chinese yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2 percent year-on-year.
除了成为支撑产业转型、数字经济发展的关键技术，看不见摸不着的“云”也在不知不觉中改变了城市管理和社会生活。	On top of becoming a key technology to supporting industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also changed urban management and social life imperceptibly.
今年云栖大会上，连续三年亮相的“城市大脑”依然引人关注。	At this year's Yunqi Apsara Conference, the City Brain, which has shown up in the past three years' conferences, still attracted a lot of attention.
阿里云方面介绍，目前城市大脑已从交通治理工具成为城市管理中枢，相关合作应用已经拓展至全球23个城市。	Alibaba Cloud introduced that at present, the City Brain has shifted from a traffic management tool to the center of a city's management. Related cooperation and application have been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
通过摄像头感知，人工智能算法，城市大脑通过强大的计算能力，让“先停车后付费 ” “ 就诊人数实时感知 ” “ 旅游线路设计”等新城市管理服务功能得以实现。	Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithms, the City Brain uses its powerful computing ability to enable new service functions of city management, such as "parking before paying", "real-time monitoring of the number of people seeing a doctor" and "designing of a tourist route".
在政务服务领域，用“一朵云”对接“一件事 ” ， 将“掌上办公 ” “ 掌上办事”协同推进，云计算为政务服务的供给两端带来了便利。	In terms of government services, cloud computing has brought convenience to both the provider and the receiver of the government services by using "one cloud" to handle "one thing" and promote "offices in phones" and "services in phones" in coordination.
目前，浙江通过政务上云，已构建全省统一的公共数据平台。	At present, Zhejiang has built a public data platform across the province by applying cloud computing to handling government affairs.
截至9月11日，这一平台已经涵盖了该省5700多万常住人口和1500多万家法人单位，归集治理3066类190.8亿条数据。	As of September 11, the platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province and collected 19.08 billion pieces of data in 3,066 categories.
浙江省政府部门间平均每月调用、共享的数据已达1200万次，数据每多一次在‘云’上的调用流动，可能就意味着群众办事少跑腿 。	Averagely, government departments in Zhejiang province transferred and shared data for 12 million times per month. Every time the data is transferred on the ‘cloud’, it can help the people do less work.
慎用塑料茶包泡茶！	Stay away from plastic tea bags!
据“中央社”报道，近日，加拿大一份最新研究发现，一包塑料茶包可能会释出数十亿、甚至上百亿颗塑料微粒，显著高于一个人全年估计摄取的微塑料数量，但迄今没有证据显示，摄取塑料微粒会对人类构成威胁。	The Central News Agency reported that a recent study in Canada found that a plastic tea bag might release billions, or even ten billions of plastic particles, which are significantly more than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person in an entire year. However, as of now, there is no evidence suggesting the ingestion of microplastics can pose a risk to human beings.
据报道，加拿大马吉尔大学研究人员发现，把塑料茶包浸入一杯几乎煮沸热水(摄氏95度 ) ， 茶包会释出约116亿颗塑料微粒和31亿颗较小的奈米塑料微粒至杯中。	According to the report, researchers from McGill University in Canada have found that a plastic tea bag steeped in a cup of almost boiling water (95 Celsius degrees) can release around 11.6 billion micro plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanoscale particles into the cup.
这个数量显著高于一个人全年估计摄取的微塑料数量。	This is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person in an entire year.
根据2019年稍早公布的研究内容，一般人每年吃下至少5万颗塑料微粒，同时吸入相同数量的微塑料。	According to research published earlier in 2019, a person eats at least 50,000 micro plastic particles and breathes in the same quantity.
据悉，这项研究刊登在《环境科学与科技期刊》上，研究人员测试蒙特娄商店和咖啡厅4种不同类型塑料商用茶包，把茶包打开，把茶袋清洗后浸入几乎沸腾的水中5分钟，再用电子显微镜和光谱仪进行分析。	In this study, published in the journal Environmental Science and Technology, researchers are reported to have tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags from shops and cafés in Montreal, which were cut open, washed, and then steeped into near-boiling water for five minutes before being analyzed by electron microscopes and spectroscopy.
根据这项研究显示，他们发现，单一茶袋释出超过116亿颗塑料微粒 ， “ 较先前其他食物的塑料负荷量高出好几个级数 ” 。	According to this study, they have found that a single tea bag can release 11.6 billion micro plastic particles, which is "several orders of magnitude higher than the plastic loads previously reported in other foods."
报道称，大部分茶袋用天然纤维制成，但许多使用天然纤维制成茶包品牌仍使用塑料来封口。	The report says, although most tea bags are made from natural fibers, many tea bag brands that use natural fibers still use plastic to seal the bags.
部分品牌茶袋已不用纸制，转而使用塑料，而这些塑料茶包正是研究人员测试对象。	Some brands have moved away from paper tea bags toward plastic tea bags, and it was these plastic bags that the researchers examined.
塑料微粒是塑料的微小碎片，研究人员定义这些微塑料大小介于100奈米至5公厘之间，主要由塑料垃圾分解产生。	Microplastics are tiny pieces of plastic, which are defined by researchers as ranging from 100 nm to 5 mm in size and mostly created by the disintegration of plastic litter.
研究人员在世界各地空气、土壤、河流和最深海沟发现塑料微粒踪迹，自来水、瓶装水、海鲜和啤酒中也能找到这些微塑料。	Researchers have found traces of microplastics in the air, soil, rivers, and the deepest oceanic trenches around the world, as well as in tap and bottled water, seafood, and beer.
研究人员2018年10月首度在全球不同区域数个国家的人类粪便样本中发现塑料微粒。	Researchers found microplastics in human stool samples for the first time in October 2018.
为了测试茶包释出塑料微粒的潜在毒性，这支加拿大研究团队把水蚤放入已受污染的水中，发现微塑料会影响这些水蚤的行为，且使他们出现发育畸形的情况。	In order to test the potential toxicity of the microplastics released from the tea bags, this Canadian research team exposed water fleas to the contaminated water and found that the particles had behavioral effects on the fleas and caused developmental malformations.
根据世界卫生组织(WHO)说法，迄今没有证据显示摄取塑料微粒会对人类构成威胁。	There is no evidence so far that the ingestion of microplastics poses a risk to humans, according the World Health Organization (WHO).
不过，WHO指出，需要进行更多研究，以充分了解这些塑料如何扩散至环境中，以及对人类造成什么影响。	However, WHO pointed out that more research was needed to fully understand how plastic spreads into the environment and what effects it has on human bodies.
研究人员推测，这些茶包释出大量塑料微粒的原因，可能是这些塑料茶袋与沸水接触，即使是“食用等级”塑料加热至40摄氏度以上时，也可能分解或渗出有毒物质。	Researchers speculated that the reason of the high number of microplastics released by the tea bags was that the plastic packaging had been in contact with boiling water. Even "food-grade" plastics may degrade or leach toxic substances when heated above 40 degrees.
古特雷斯表示，气候紧急情况是对小岛屿国家生存的最大威胁。	Guterres indicated that the climate emergency poses the biggest threat to the survival of small island countries.
在那里，一场自然灾害会侵蚀一代人的发展成果。	A natural disaster would jeopardize a generation’s development achievements in those countries.
今年以来遭受飓风袭击的巴布达、多米尼加以及巴哈马的灾情都说明了这一点。	The disaster situation in Barbuda, Dominica and Bahamas where have suffered from the hurricane attack since this year explains this viewpoint.
小岛屿发展中国家约四分之一的人生活在海拔5米或更低的地方。	About a quarter of people in the small island developing countries live at an altitude of 5 meters or lower.
搬迁可能严重影响他们的社会和生活方式，甚至引发主权和民族身份问题。	The removal might exert a strong influence on their society and lifestyle, and even cause the problems of sovereignty and national identity.
在本周一的气候行动峰会上，小岛屿国家共同致力于在2030年前实现碳中和100％可再生能源，由此它们再次引领世界朝着正确的方向迈进。	On the Climate Action Summit this Monday, small island countries made joint efforts to realize the 100％ renewable energy with carbon neutrality by 2030 whereby they would lead the world to step towards the correct direction again.
古特雷斯说 ： “ 气候危机正在将新的不公正堆积在旧有的不公正之上。	Guterres said: “the climate crisis is heaping up the new injustice on the previous injustice”.
尽管小岛屿发展中国家对全球变暖的贡献很小，却付出了最高的代价。	Although small island countries made the least contribution to treating the global warming, they paid the highest price.
由于这些国家处于中等收入地位，许多国家还陷于灾难和债务的加速和不可持续的循环中。	Due to their middle-income status, many of these countries are still trapped in the deterioration of disaster and debt, as well as the circle of unsustainability.
世界必须采取行动，现在是时候做出重大决定，并对小岛屿发展中国家进行大量投资 。 ”	The world must take actions. It is time to make important decisions and invest heavily in small island developing countries.
今天的高级别会议通过了一份政治宣言，呼吁寻求帮助小岛屿发展中国家管理灾害风险，投资于具有气候适应性的基础设施以及向可再生能源转型的方法；敦促国际机构帮助小岛屿发展中国家，特别是负债累累的中等收入国家获得资金。	A political declaration was passed on today’s high-level meeting, appealing for help to manage the disaster risk in small island developing countries and investing in the infrastructure with climate adaptability and the method for the transformation towards renewable energy; It urges the international organizations to help small island developing countries, especially the middle-income countries in heavy debt, obtain the funding.
小岛屿发展中国家处在保护和养护地球生命线 — — 海洋的最前线。	The small island developing countries are at the forefront to conserve the lifeblood of the earth — — the ocean.
政府间气候变化专门委员会本周发布的最新特别报告证实，海洋已经遭受了气候危机的“席卷而来的”严峻后果。	The updated special report, issued by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change this week, demonstrated that the ocean has suffered from the severe consequences of the continuous climate crisis.
到本世纪中叶，许多地区每年可能都会发生一些原本一个世纪才会发生一次的极端海平面上升的情况。	By mid-century, the extreme rise in sea-level that used to occur once a century, might occur in many regions every year.
该报告警告说，如果没有在适应方面投入大量资金，一些岛屿国家很可能变得无法居住。	This report warns that some island countries will probably become uninhabitable if they do not invest in the adaptability.
污染、过度捕捞和酸化造成了巨大损失。	The pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused a great loss.
在过去的150年中，世界失去了所有活珊瑚的一半，而在过去的40年中，塑料污染增加了十倍。	In the past 150 years, the world had lost half of the live coral. In the past 40 years, the plastic pollution had witnessed a tenfold increase.
工业、航运、采矿和旅游业的需求正在导致资源减少，包括维持许多岛屿社区的渔场。	The demand for industry, shipping, mining and tourism is causing the depletion of resources, including the fisheries that maintain many island communities.
小岛屿国家也面临着运输、能源和基础设施的高成本。	The small island countries are also facing the high cost of transportation, energy and infrastructure.
它们严重依赖于一些外部市场，使其受到价格浮动的左右。	They rely heavily on some external markets, making them vulnerable to the price fluctuation.
有些国家还正在努力应对非法贩运人口、武器和毒品所造成的安全影响。	Some countries are also attempting to cope with the safety hazard caused by the illegal trade in human beings, weapons and drugs.
古特雷斯说 ： “ 通过在最具挑战性的环境中解决一个问题，这个问题便可以在任何地方得到解决。	Guterres said: “By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, this problem can be solved anywhere”.
小岛屿发展中国家实现《2030年可持续发展议程》的努力将为我们提供可供全世界借鉴的工具、经验教训和实例 。 ”	The efforts that small island developing countries made to realize the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development provide the world with the tools, lessons and instances that can be used for reference.
他强调，小岛屿发展中国家是可持续发展的特例。	He stressed that the small island developing countries are the special case of sustainable development.
它们需要整个国际社会的长期关注和投资。	They need the long-term attention and investment from the whole international society.
印度财政部表示金融系统流动性充足。	The Ministry of Finance of India stated that the financial system has sufficient liquidity.
印度财政部长西塔拉曼26日表示，目前金融系统流动性充足，在节日消费需求的带动下，印度经济增速有望在本财年的下半财年有所恢复。	Indian Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman stated on the 26th that the current financial system has sufficient liquidity. Driven by consumer demand during holidays, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
西塔拉曼是在和印度私人银行、非银行金融机构、住房银行等机构代表举行会议后做上述表态的。	Sitharaman's statement was made after meeting with representatives from institutions such as Indian private banks, non-bank financial institutions and housing banks.
西塔拉曼没有说明这些言论的针对性所在。	Sitharaman did not specify where the statement was aimed at.
此前的部分印度媒体和海外媒体将印度本轮经济的持续减速归咎于非银行金融机构的流动性紧张。	Before this, some Indian and overseas media attributed India's constant economic slowdown to the tension in liquidity in non-bank financial institutions.
西塔拉曼以汽车销售下跌为例，否定了流动性紧张是销售下跌的主因。	By taking car sales as an example, Sitharaman denied that the tension in liquidity was the main reason for the decline in sales.
西塔拉曼指出，汽车销售下跌主要受周期性因素影响所致。	She also pointed out that the decline in car sales was mainly caused by cyclical factors.
西塔拉曼预计，在节日消费的带动下，印度经济增速可能会在下半个财年恢复。	Driven by the consumption in holidays, India's economic growth may recover in the second half of this fiscal year, according to Sitharaman.
印度一年一度的购物季从9月份开始，将持续至年底。	India's annual shopping season is from September to the end of the year.
市场预期，购物消费将大大促进印度经济增长。	It is predicted that shopping and consumption will significantly promote India's economic growth.
江西省教育厅近日下发通知，严禁全省中小学校在国庆长假期间违规补课，并将组织人员随机进行明察暗访。	The Provincial Department of Education of Jiangxi recently issued a notice prohibiting all primary and secondary schools in the province from violating the regulations against extra classes during the National Day holiday. Inspectors will conduct public and private investigations randomly.
在下发的《关于严禁国庆长假违规补课的通知》中，江西省教育厅强调，各地中小学校在国庆期间要坚决做到：一律不得组织学生集体补课或上新课，一律不得举办学科培训班、特长班、奥赛班、兴趣班、提高班等，一律不得将校园、校舍出租给其他教育机构举办各类培训班。	In their "Notice on the prohibition of violating the regulations against extra classes during the National Day holiday," the Provincial Department of Education of Jiangxi stressed that primary and secondary schools should also carefully observe the following points: No collective extra classes or new lessons; no subject training, specialized tutorials, Olympic competition tutorials, non-academic tutorials, or progressive training; no campus or school buildings should be rent to any training institutions.
与此同时，严禁在职中小学教师组织、推荐和诱导学生参加校内外违规补课，严禁在职中小学教师参加校外培训机构或由其他教师、家长、家长委员会等组织的违规补课，严禁在职中小学教师为校外培训机构和他人介绍生源、提供相关信息。	Meanwhile, primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing or recommending any extra training, or encouraging students to attend such training on- or off-campus. They are also strictly prohibited from working for training institutions outside the school or extra classes organized by other teachers, parents, or parents’ committees, and from recommending students or providing information for such institutions or individuals.
通知明确，对于查实的中小学校违规补课行为，将对所在地教育行政部门在当年县级政府高质量发展教育考核中加重扣分；对参与违规补课教师，将依据师德师风相关规定严肃处理。	The notice states that if any primary and secondary schools have extra classes, once the case is confirmed, a significant deduction will be applied to the local administrative department of education in the county-level governmental assessment of high-quality development of education in that year. Teachers who take part in extra classes will be subject to serious penalty in compliance with the regulations of teaching ethics.
扶持生猪生产 保障市场供应	Support the hog production to ensure the market supply
隋忠诚要求从六个方面抓好各项措施落实	Sui Zhongcheng requires to implement various measures from 6 aspects.
全省促进生猪生产保障市场供应电视电话会议今天召开，就贯彻落实中央和省委、省政府关于扶持生猪生产保障市场供应的政策措施再动员再部署。	The video conference promoting the hog production throughout the province to ensure market supply has been held today. It serves to remobilize and redeploy the implementations of the policies and measures of the central and provincial committees and governments to support the hog production so as to guarantee its market supply.
隋忠诚要求，从六个方面抓好生猪生产各项措施落实。	Sui Zhongshi requires that all measures for hog production be implemented from 6 aspects.
抓好“菜篮子”市长负责制落实，今年全省明确的4500万头生猪出栏任务已分解到各市州，纳入责任制考核。	It stresses on the implementation of the mayor responsibility system of the “food basket”. The clearly specified provincial-wide slaughter task of 45 million pigs of this year has been assigned to cities and prefectures. The task is included in the mayor responsibility system assessment.
抓好各项政策措施落实，切实解决好政策落实“最后一公里”问题。	It stresses on the implementation of various policies and measures, paying special attention to effectively solve the “last step” problem of the implementation.
抓好能繁母猪生产落实，认真落实能繁母猪良种补贴政策，鼓励种猪企业扩大种猪繁育规模，有计划地从商品猪群体中选留优秀母猪。	It stresses on the sow production through the earnest implementation of the subsidy policy for capable sow breeding, the encouragement of the expansion of the scale in sow breeding businesses, and the pre-planned selection of outstanding sows from the group of commodity pigs.
抓好招商引资落实，把尚未进入我省的国内知名大型养殖企业作为招商引资的重中之重。	It stresses on the implementation of the investment attraction and regards bringing in domestically well-known and large-scale breeding enterprises that have not entered into our province as the top priority of the investment attraction.
抓好市场流通体系落实，加快生猪冷链物流设施建设，全面促进从“调猪”向“调肉”转变。	It stresses on the implementation of the market circulation system by expediting the facility construction for the cold chain logistic of hogs, comprehensively promoting the changes from “allocating hogs” to “allocating pork”.
抓好现代防疫体系落实，各地要配备与养殖规模和工作任务相适应的基层防疫检疫人员，筑牢疫病防控的第一道防线。	It stresses on the modern epidemic prevention system. All localities should be equipped with grassroots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel, the number of which should be suitable for the breeding scale and work tasks, so as to build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
隋忠诚要求，全力保障肉品市场供应，确保不出现大规模短缺、大范围断供，确保重大节假日猪肉市场供应平稳。	Sui Zhongcheng requires to fully guarantee the supply in the meat market, ensuring that there is no large-scale shortage and supply cuts, as well as ensuring a stable supply of pork on market during major holidays.
会议还就持续抓好非洲猪瘟疫情防控、我省长江流域重要水域禁捕退捕、全省中晚稻收购等工作进行了部署。	The conference also deploys on the prevention and control of the swine fever epidemic, the ban and withdraw of fishing within important waters in the Yangtze River basin of the province and the late rice acquisition across the province.
讲祖国情、民族魂 大白兔等上海老字号代表为大学生上党课	Talking about attachment to the motherland and the national spirit: Representatives from Shanghai’s time-honored brands like White Rabbit Creamy Candy delivered Party lessons for university students
“我和我的祖国”校园打卡点让大学生们“乐不思蜀 ” 。	The campus check-in points for "My country and I" became the new obsessions of university students.
在庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年之际，上海制皂、邵万生、大白兔、鲜得来四家鼎鼎有名的上海老字号27日齐聚华东理工大学“艺术党课 ” ， 4位平均历史超过90年的上海老字号代表人，齐齐为200多名青年学子讲述老字号品牌的祖国情、民族魂。	In celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, four famous time-honored brands of Shanghai, namely the Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, White Rabbit, Xiandelai, gathered in "Party's art lesson" on the 27th at East China University of Science and Technology. Four representatives from these time-honored brands, with an average history of over 90 years, talked about their attachment to their motherland and national spirit for over 200 young students.
现场的老字号品牌的产品陈列展。	The on-site display of products from the time-honored brands.
课堂内的倾情讲述让学子们感叹没想到，课堂外精心布置了老字号品牌的产品陈列展，还有“我和我的祖国”校园打卡点让大学生们“乐不思蜀 ” 。	The passionate talk amazed the students, who were surprised that a display of products from these time-honored brands had been carefully set up outside the classroom. Also, the campus check-in points for "My country and I" became the new obsessions of university students.
大白兔润唇膏、大白兔冰淇淋 … … 作为老字号品牌，大白兔奶糖近年来积极求变，主动出击，坚持创新和跨界。	White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream... As a time-honored brand, White Rabbit Creamy Candy in recent years has been seeking transformations and taking initiatives with insistence on innovation and crossover.
诞生于1959年的大白兔今年恰巧迎来60岁生日。	As it happens, this brand, founded in 1959, came to celebrate its 60th birthday this year.
邵万生也将目光投向青年消费群体。	Shao Wansheng also turned its attention to young consumers.
上海邵万生食品有限公司党支部书记、副总经理汪伟杰提到了“春意盎然吃鲍鱼，夏日炎炎食糟鱼，秋风萧瑟吃醉虾，冬云漫天品醉蟹”的场景，反映了人们在“吃”的方面不断创新。	Wang Weijie, secretary of the Party branch and deputy general manager of the Shao Wansheng Food Company, Shanghai, described the scenes in which people "eat abalone in lively spring, pickled fish in blazing summer, drunken shrimps in cool autumn, and drunken crabs in cloudy winter," representing unceasing innovation in food culture.
公司也从口味创新、漫画包装设计等方面进一步挖掘品牌文化，以适应年轻一代消费群体的传承。	The company also further explored its brand culture via new flavors, comic package designs, etc. to cater for its transmission among the young consumers.
老字号代表人在“艺术党课”现场讲述创新之路。	Representatives from the time-honored brands are telling the stories about their journey of innovation at the "Party's art lesson."
上海鲜得来排骨年糕餐饮有限公司经理余杰同样认为 ， “ 所有的创新都离不开扎实的基础，老字号每一次创新都是一个厚积薄发的过程。	Similarly, Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Xiandelai Pork Ribs Rice Cake Restaurant Co., Ltd, said, "All innovations are rooted in a solid foundation. Every innovation of time-honored brands is a demonstration of its rich tradition.
每一个人心中都隐藏着对老字号的期待。	Everyone has his or her expectations of a time-honored brand.
以产品为中心，小而美的时代应该开始了 。 ”	We should enter an age that focuses on small yet exquisite products."
作为国内第一批“中华老字号”之一，上海鲜得来也快速适应市场潮流，对品牌进行VI视觉升级，引进专业运营团队，并实现了营业额的大幅度提升。	As one of the first China Time-honored Brands in this country, Shanghai Xiandelai has quickly adapted to the trends of the market, upgraded their visual identity of the brand, employed professional management team, and thereby achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
“老字号不仅仅在超市等这些传统的渠道可以看到，现在老字号也会积极的参与新零售与各种活动。	"The time-honored brands are not just displayed in traditional channels such as supermarkets. We are actively engaging with new retailers and various events.
我们所有的变化，最终要达到这样一个目的，就是让消费者能够看得到、听得到，最后也要能够买得到 。 ”	All these changes are made to reach one goal: We want the consumers to see our products, hear about them, and eventually buy them,"
上海制皂(集团)有限公司副总经理欧阳倚玲说。	said Ouyang Yiling, deputy manager of Shanghai Soap Co., Ltd.
未来，上海制皂也将坚持高端发展，系统开发前景广阔、用户满意的节能环保产品，坚持走高科技含量、高经济效益的道路。	In the future, Shanghai Soap will continue to insist on high-end development that systematically focuses on energy-saving, environment-friendly products that bring great prospects and user satisfaction. It will also insist on the high-tech path of high economic benefits.
通过此次艺术党课，同学们收获颇丰。	Students have learned a lot from the Party's art lesson this time.
老字号伴随着我的成长，承载了小时候美好的记忆和情感 。 ”	I grew up with the time-honored brands, which bring back sweet childhood memories and emotions, "
宋湉源同学感叹。	Song Tianyuan said with sentiments.
上海老字号代表人为200多名青年学子讲述老字号品牌的祖国情、民族魂。	The representative from a time-honored brand of Shanghai is talking about their attachment to their motherland and national spirit for over 200 young students.
周漪婷同学则说，如何挖掘品牌文化，让优质的传统文化代代传承、生生不息，是我们作为设计专业学生，需要思考和探索的问题。	The student Zhou Yiting said it was the task of those who study design to think and explore how to present brand culture so that the good-quality traditional culture can be transmitted to posterity.
本次党课以华东理工大学艺术学院院长丁伟的“上海映像”项目、倪峻教授的“老字号集成品牌创新工作室”为依托，希望深入挖掘老字号的文化潜力和现代商业价值，用好用足上海老字号们的竞争力和影响力，增强上海老字号的文化辐射力集聚力，以“设计+文化”的形式实现“1+1>2”的产业效应，从新的视角展现上海文化。	The Party's art lesson this time was based on the "Shanghai impression" project of Ding Wei, director of the School of Art, East China University of Science and Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Studio of Brand Innovation of the Time-Honored Brands" with the aims to thoroughly explore the cultural potential and modern commercial values of time-honored brands, to make full use of their competitive power and influences, to enhance their cultural radiation and binding force, to achieve the "1+1>2" effect via the "design + culture" method, and ultimately to represent Shanghai culture from a fresh perspective.
据悉 ， “ 艺术党课”还将继续邀请文史大家、绘画大师、陶艺大师、非遗大师、建筑大师、园林景观大师担任讲师，通过他们讲述传承中华文化的创新与坚守，突出时代特征，进一步坚定大学生的理想信念、厚植大学生的爱国情怀，用作品说话、让作品发声，创新党课形式，做让学生们喜爱的主题党课，增强党课的思想性、理论性和亲和力、针对性，提高党课的感染力，培养能够担当民族复兴大任的时代新人！	It is also understood that "Party's art lesson" will continue to invite masters in culture and history, paintings, pottery, non-material cultural heritage, and landscape design to give lectures. Through their accounts of innovations and preservation of Chinese culture, this lecture series will highlight the features of our age and reinforce students' beliefs and patriotic feelings. By letting the works speak for themselves, this series will deliver innovative and thematic Party lessons enjoyed by the students, increase the lessons' philosophical and theoretical depths, make them friendly, focused and appealing, and train the new generation to be the ones who will devote to national rejuvenation!
安倍晋三录视频祝新中国成立70周年，还说了句中文	Shinzo Abe congratulates China on 70th anniversary of PRC founding and speaks Chinese in the video
当地时间26号，日本首相安倍晋三通过视频祝贺中华人民共和国成立70周年。	On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent a congratulatory video to mark the upcoming 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
日本首相 安倍晋三：大家晚上好，我是安倍晋三。	Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I am Shinzo Abe.
值此中华人民共和国成立70周年之际，我谨代表日本政府和人民表示热烈的祝贺。	I would like to take the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the PRC founding to extend the warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
在6月举行的G20大阪峰会上，日中两国为使峰会成功进行合作，并通过《二十国集团领导人大阪峰会宣言 》 ， 向世界宣示了二十国集团的坚定意志。	During the 2019 G20 Osaka Summit held in June, China and Japan worked together to achieve the success of the Summit and passed the G20 Osaka Leaders’ Declaration, showing the strong will of G20 member countries to the world.
此外，在峰会之前的日中首脑会谈和晚宴上，双方商定习近平主席将于明年春天对日本进行国事访问，同时一致决心要开辟日中新时代。	Moreover, during the summit and the banquet, we reached an agreement on President Xi Jinping's state visit to Japan in spring next year. We also reached an important consensus on building Sino-Japanese relations that meets the requirements of the new era.
日中两国共同对亚洲和世界的和平与繁荣肩负着重大责任。	Both China and Japan are sharing a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and beyond.
我坚信，两国携手应对地区和世界面临的课题，一道为国际社会作出贡献，将有益于构筑两国未来关系的新模式。	I firmly believe that Japan and China's joint responses to regional and global issues as well as joint contributions to the international community are of great significance for building a new model for the two countries' relations in the future.
最后，我祝愿日中关系蓬勃发展，祝朋友们的事业欣欣向荣。	In the end, with my best wishes, I hope that Sino-Japan relations will prosper, so will your business.
“有些工地上的超龄农民工估计得占到一半以上。	Over-aged migrant workers at some construction sites are estimated to make up more than half of the total labor force.
现在到哪找年轻工人？	Where to find the young workers now?
工地上也不想使用这么多的‘老人 ’ ， 是没有办法 。 ”	"There is no other choice but to employ so many old workers at the construction site."
近日，对于工地上存在不少超龄农民工(超过退休年龄)的现象，长年在建筑业做工程承包商的邹奎感叹说。	Zou Kui, a contractor who has worked in the construction industry for years, wrote recently on the common scene of over-aged migrant workers (above the retirement age) on construction sites.
最近一段时间，笔者所在的高校进行雨污分流工程，校园里出现了不少农民工，如果留心观察，就会发现这里面有不少超龄农民工。	In recent times, the college where the writer works started a rainwater and sewage diversion project and therefore many migrant workers came to the campus. If you look out you could find many of over-aged workers inside.
超龄农民工外出务工并非“闲不住 ” ， 而是因为“不能闲 ” ， 具有“不得不如此”的无奈与艰辛 — — 不论是攒钱解决自己的养老和医疗问题，还是帮扶子女，都驱使着这些原本应该“闲下来”的老人们继续辛苦劳作。	Over-aged migrant workers choose to work outside not because they don't like to stay idle, but because they can't be idlers. With utter helplessness of having to do so, these old people who should not be working are driven to keep working hard, whether to save money to support their own livelihoods and provisions of medical healthcare, or for helping their children.
超龄农民工的“老有所依 ” ， 并没有我们想象的那么轻松。	The final solution to the problem of keeping over-aged migrant workers healthy and out of poverty doesn't come easily as we had thought.
养育儿女、赡养老人、供孩子读书、帮助孩子盖楼房买车、帮助孩子成家立业、隔代养育孙辈，当这些农民工完成了“人生任务 ” ， 钱袋子已经被掏空甚至还有不少债务，大都缺乏财富积累。	Raising a family, supporting the elderly, educating children, helping children build houses and buy cars, helping children get married and raise grandchildren, when these migrant workers have finished all these life tasks, their moneybags have been emptied, even ending up with debts, and most of them are short of wealth accumulation.
为了不拖累子女也为了给自己多积攒一些财富，不少农民工坚持“干到干不动为止 ” 。	In order not to bring their children more trouble and save more money for their own benefits, many migrant workers insist on "working til they can do nothing".
许多“80后 ” “ 90后”乃至“00后”的新生代农民工不愿意从事条件艰苦、劳动强度高的第二产业或者低端服务业，造成了结构性的“用工荒 ” ， 这些缺乏吸引力的工作，给超龄农民工提供了机会。	A new generation of migrant workers, including many post-80s, post-90s and even post-00s, are unwilling to accept work in the secondary or low-end service industry of dirty work and of high labor intensity. This results in the structural shortage of a qualified labor force and brings opportunities for over-aged migrant workers.
由于缺乏一技之长，身体机能和劳动能力又下降，不少超龄农民工都干着强度大、收入低，风险高、保障少的工作。	Without excellent skills, physical energy and work efficiency, many over-aged workers have to be concentrated in jobs of high work intensity, high risks, low income, and low security.
能干一天是一天，能多挣一点是一点 ， “ 不能闲”背后的超龄农民工的生存困境，不能被忽略和漠视。	The more you are able to work, the more you are able to earn. The survival predicaments of over-aged migrant workers (beside the fact that they can't be idlers) cannot be ignored and overlooked.
解决欠薪和讨薪难题，健全劳动保护、降低安全风险、增加劳动收入，改善超龄农民工的生存状态，除了他们的“自我救赎 ” ， 也同样离不开公共部门的制度护佑和人文关怀。	To solve their problems of getting unpaid wages, improving labor protection, reducing safety risks, increasing work wages, and improving the living conditions for those over-aged migrant workers, regulatory interventions and humane concerns from public administrations are also inseparable in addition to their own self-struggling.
有学者指出，超龄农民工已不太可能依靠回家种地来解决自己的养老和医疗等问题，他们必须通过其他办法养家糊口。	Some scholars have pointed out that over-aged workers are unlikely to rely on farming at home to sustain their retirement life and healthcare; they must support their families through other means.
读懂超龄农民工“不能闲”的无奈与坚强，有助于我们更好地理解超龄农民工的爱与痛。	Their desperation and determination reflected in the fact that over-aged migrant workers have to keep busy will help us better understand their love and pains.
看到超龄农民工的背影，听到他们的叹息，想方设法让回到乡村的他们真正实现“老有所依 ” ， 需要公共部门、市场和社会在良性互动中分担责任，需要多方合力。	Seeing their backs and hearing their sighs, the administration, market and society have to work favorably and share responsibilities in a joint effort to help those over-aged migrant workers become financially independent after their return to the countryside.
切梅佐夫说，未来五年俄罗斯将不会出口这种系统，因为“首先要供应本国军队，此后才会进行出口生产 ” 。	Chemetsov said that Russia would not export this kind of system in the next five years, because “it will be first supplied to domestic army before export”.
这一做法完全符合国际惯例。	This action completely conforms with the international convention.
武器和军事装备的主要生产国总是首先确保本国防务需求，然后才会处理出口订单。	The major manufacturing countries of weapon and military equipment would always put their own defensive needs in the first place before processing the export orders.
早些时候，俄罗斯空天部队副总司令尤里·格列霍夫将军表示该系统的研制工作即将完成。	Earlier, the Deputy Commander of the Russian Air and Space Force, General Yuri Grekhov, suggested that the development of this system was about to be completed.
S-500系统由“金刚石-安泰”空天防御康采恩研制。	The S-500 system was developed by the Concern of “Adamas-Antai” Aerospace Defense.
这是新一代防空系统，采用了用于摧毁弹道学和空气动力学目标的工作原理。	This is a new generation of air defense system which employs the principle aimed at destroying the ballistics and aerodynamics.
S-500的主要作用是拦截中程弹道导弹，可拦截射程3500公里以下的导弹。	The main function of S-500 is to intercept the intermediate-range ballistic missiles, and it can intercept the missiles within a range of 3500 kilometers.
此外，根据某些资料，S-500还可摧毁高超声速巡航导弹以及飞机、几乎所有类型的无人飞机、超过音速5倍的高超声速导弹，甚至位于近太空的目标。	Furthermore, according to some data, S-500 can also destroy the hypersonic cruise missiles, airplanes, almost all types of pilotless airplanes, the hypersonic missiles that are more than 5 times faster than the velocity of sound, and even the targets near the space.
这种武器还可与其他防空系统集成为统一网络，特别是Ｓ-400系统，这从国防角度来说非常重要。	This type of weapon can also be integrated into other air defense systems to be an unified network, especially the S-400 system, which is vert important to the national defense.
谢尔盖·切梅佐夫对S-400表示了特别关注。	Sergey Chemetsov expressed his special focus on the S-400.
他说，该系统目前在世界上有很大需求，但俄罗斯军队也需要它，其中包括在北极地区。	He said, there is a great demand for this system in the world. However, the Russian armies, including those at the arctic region, also need it.
S-400防空系统入役北极防空团。	The S-400 air defense system came into service at the arctic regiment of air defense.
根据9月15日的消息，新地岛北极防空团改装S-400防空导弹系统的工作已经完成。	According to the report on September 15, the arctic regiment of air defense in Nova Zembla had finished refitting the S-400 air-defense missile system.
这并非俄罗斯在北极地区的军事化。	This is not Russia’s militarization at the arctic region.
俄罗斯国防部称，这完全是向北部战略方向更先进防御工具过渡计划内的进程。	The Ministry of Defense of Russia claimed that this is entirely part of the interim plan to equip the northern strategic direction with more advanced defensive tools.
俄北方舰队新闻处消息说 ： “ 随着向新的S-400防空系统的过渡，北极地区的可控空域明显增大 。 ”	According to the information office at the Northern Fleet of Russia: “With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controlled airspace within the arctic region is markedly increased.”
非常重要的是，据军方评估，该系统在极北和北极地区的使用很成功。	What counts is that this system works very well at the Far North and the arctic region based on the military evaluations.
防空团官兵针对新系统进行了培训，并作好了进入战斗值班的准备。	The officers and soldiers at the regiment of air defense were drilled for the new system, and made preparations for combat duty.
此前那里装备的是S-300远程防空系统，现在仍保留了一部分。	It used to be equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system which is partly reserved now.
说到防空系统，其必须拥有能摧毁各种空中目标的武器，无论是外高度层高速飞行的目标，还是接近被保护设施的“漏网之鱼 ” 。	When it comes to the air defense system, it must be equipped with weapons that can destroy a variety of aerial targets no matter they are high-speed flights at the high altitude or “the fish that escapes from the net” approaching the protected facilities.
根据公开消息来源，由“金钻石-安泰”空天防御康采恩研制的S-400“凯旋 ” （ Triumph）系统设计用于攻击战略和战术飞机、弹道导弹、高超声速目标及其他空中攻击武器。	According to the public source information, the S-400 “Triumph” developed by the Concern of “Adamas-Antai” Aerospace Defense is designed to attack the strategic aircrafts and TACAIRs, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air weapons.
这一武器可在400公里的射程内攻击空气动力学目标，并在60公里的距离内击落以每秒4.8公里飞行的弹道目标。	This weapon can attack the targets of aerodynamics within a range of 400 kilometers, and shoot down the ballistic targets flying at the speed of 4.8 kilometers per second within a range of 60 kilometers.
俄罗斯从不隐瞒其将在极北地区补充部署防空力量，以确保北方海路的领空安全。	Russia has never concealed the fact that it will improve its deployment of air defense force at the Far North, to ensure the safety of its territorial air space.
不久前，首批12套“托尔（Tor ） - M2DT”防空导弹系统交付到了俄罗斯北极地区，它们足以组成一个防空营，加强北极地区的防空系统。	Not long ago, the first 12 sets of “Tor- M2DT” system of air-defense missile were delivered to the arctic region of Russia, forming a battalion of air defense to strengthen the air-defense system at the arctic region.
俄国防部那时就表示，北极“托尔”部队未来将扩大到完整的旅级建制。	At that time, the Ministry of National Defense of Russia indicated that the “Tor” troops would be extended to be a complete brigade-level organizational system.
加上新部署到新地岛和科拉半岛上的S-400远程系统以及部署在极北地区的“铠甲（Pantsir ） - SA”短程系统，这些先进的防空武器有力地保卫着俄罗斯的极地天空。	Coupled with the S-400 long-range system deployed at Nova Zembla and Kola Peninsula and the “Pantsir-SA” short-range system deployed at the Far North, these cutting-edge air-defense weapons are protecting the polar sky of Russia effectively.
敌人的飞机、直升机和无人机导弹将很难突破这一防御。	The enemies’ warplanes, helicopters and robombs can hardly break through this defense.
按照俄罗斯政府的想法，旗舰店将成为俄罗斯制造商放置商品的平台，避免自己开店复杂而漫长的过程。	According to the Russian government, flagship stores are going to become platforms for Russian manufactures to showcase their products so as to avoid the complicated and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
作为俄货商店运营商的俄品多公司专注于在中国销售俄罗斯商品。	As a store operator of Russian products, Epinduo specializes in selling Russian goods within China.
俄品多在天猫（Tmall ） 、 京东（JD ） 、 1688 , 、 拼多多（Pinduoduo ） 、 手Q （ShouQ ） 、 多功能即时通讯软件微信（Wechat）等中国最大贸易平台均有在线商店，并拥有自己的线上平台Epinduo.com和俄罗斯商品零售连锁商店。	Epinduo has opened online stores on most of the largest trading platforms in China including Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ and Wechat, a multifunctional instant messaging software. Besides, the company has its own online platform, Epinduo.com, and its own commodity retail chain stores.
俄罗斯出口中心将与俄品多共同制定商店营销策略和参与标准，并筛选虚拟货架上架产品企业。	Russian Export Center will join hands with Epinduo to develop store marketing strategies and participation standards, as well as to screen companies with the qualification to list products on the virtual shelves.
商店计划今年年底前开业并上架至少10家俄罗斯制造商的产品 。	It is planned to open and list products from at least 10 Russian manufactures before the end of this year.
俄罗斯出口中心资料显示，中国电商平台每月总访问量高达10亿次。	According to the information from Russian Export Center, the total monthly visit of China e-commerce platforms reaches up to 1 billion.
与此同时，2014年以来对中国的食品出口一直呈现稳定增长，2018年已超过10亿美元。	Meanwhile, food exports to China have been showing a steady growth since 2014, have surpassed 1 billion US dollars in 2018.
目前，阿里巴巴集团还将在全球进口战略框架内开设试点商店销售来自新西兰、马来西亚和新加坡的商品。	At present, the Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell products from New Zealand, Malaysia, and Singapore within the global import strategic framework.
据阿列克谢·科热夫尼科夫介绍，新商店内将陈列销售额至少在5亿卢布以上的企业的商品。	According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display products from companies with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
说实话，我的期望值更高，5亿卢布的销售额尚不足道。	Honestly speaking, I have a higher expectation. 500 million rubles is not worth mentioning compared to the sales amounts they are going to achieve.
我们都知道，中国消费者对俄罗斯商品的态度相当积极，视我国商品为高品质和绿色环保产品 。”	We all know that Chinese customers hold very positive attitudes towards Russian products and accept Russian products as high-quality, green and environmentally friendly.
科热夫尼科夫说，争夺购买力很强的中国消费者的竞争很激烈而且还在加剧。	Kozhevnikov expressed that the competition for the strong purchasing power of Chinese consumers is intense and is still intensifying.
他说 ： “ 我们的目标雄心勃勃，三年内通过这一商店推出500家企业 。 ”	“We have an ambitious goal that is to launch 500 companies through this store within 3 years，” he said.
同时，该平台也会上架俄罗斯远东地区企业的产品。	At the same time, the store will list products manufactured by companies from Russian Far East.
俄罗斯普列汉诺夫经济大学贸易政策基础教研室教授维亚切斯拉夫·切格洛夫（Vyacheslav Cheglov）说 ： “ 这是个代表双方形象的政治项目，因为俄罗斯出口中心是国有而非民营机构。”	According to Professor Vyacheslav Cheglov, from the Department of Basic Trade Policy of Plekhanov University of Economics in Russia, “this is a political project representing the images of both parties because Russian Export Center is an state-owned rather than a private institution.”
“我并没看到大量市场上极具竞争力的俄罗斯商品 。 ”	“I haven’t seen an abundance of highly competitive Russian products in the market.”
他认为该项目很可能不会真正实施，但会有助于加强两国关系。	He thinks it is not likely for the project to be actually implemented, but it’s helpful to strengthen the ties between the two countries.
据俄新社报道，俄罗斯出口中心总裁安德烈·斯列普涅夫（Andrey Slepnev）在东方经济论坛期间表示，170多家俄罗斯企业的产品信息已在最大的国际批发线上平台Alibaba.com上发布，无论在中国还是在其他国家都可以购买。	According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, President of the Russian Export Center, indicated during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of about 170 Russian companies has already been released on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform. Those products can be purchased from both China and any other countries around the world.
此外，还有一个与阿里巴巴集团合作的模式，即来自淘宝大学的专家对俄罗斯企业的培训项目，其首次研讨会已于今年七月举行。	Moreover, there is another mode of cooperation with the Alibaba Group, namely, the training project of specialists from Taobao University for Russian companies. The first seminar of this training project has been held in July this year.
今年11月上海第二届中国国际进口博览会上俄罗斯出口中心还将作为俄罗斯企业参加行业展览和商业项目的组织方。	The Russian Export Center will also organize Russian companies to participate in the industry exhibition and the commercial projects sections at the 2nd China International Import Expo in November this year.
将在1000平米的展厅举行大型展览，那里还将成为举办商业项目活动、协议签字仪式、推介会和与中方企业代表会谈的中心。	A large exhibition will be held in a showroom of 1000 square meters. The same place is also become the venue to hold business project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, promotion meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese companies.
目前已收到来自俄罗斯农业企业的约50项申请。	So far, the Expo has received about 50 applications from Russian agribusiness.
俄罗斯出口中心新闻处说 ： “ 除农业展台外我们还一定会举行商业会议，即安排企业家之间直接建立联系。”	According to the press office of the Russian Export Center, “besides setting up agricultural booths, we will hold business meetings to provide opportunities for entrepreneurs to establish direct connections.”
“这是我们努力的另一个方向，目的是对企业予以支持并确保为其安排数十次专门会晤 。 ”	“Such is another direction of our efforts. Our goal is to support those companies and to ensure to arrange dozens of special meetings for them.”
此外，博览会上还将举办大师班、烹饪大赛和“探索俄罗斯美食之上海站”项目的俄罗斯名厨烹饪的俄罗斯美食品鉴会。	Furthermore, master classes, cooking competitions, and celebrity-chef-cooked Russian food tastings as a part of the project of “Exploring Russian Cuisine, Shanghai Station” will be organized during the Expo.
殉职消拯员莫哈末阿迪验尸庭周五作出死因非意外致死的裁决后，警方等待完整报告与等待总检察署的指示后，采取下一步行动。	The coroner’s court made its ruling on Friday that the death of Muhammad Adib, a firefighter who died at his post, was not the result of an accident. The police are waiting for the complete report and the Attorney General’s instruction to take actions.
全国警察刑事调查局拿督胡兹尔周五发表声明，根据验尸庭的裁决，警方将等待总检察署作出最进一步指示。	Huzir, the director of the Criminal Investigation Department of Royal Malaysia Police, issued a statement on Friday that the police would wait for the further instructions from the Attorney General based on the ruling made by the coroner’s court.
他在声明中强调，警方从未终止调查莫哈末命案的调查工作，而调查工作仍在进行中。	He stressed in the statement that the police had never stopped the investigation on Muhammad’s death and the investigation was still in progress.
另一方面，雪州总警长诺阿占说，警方会等待相关裁决内容的完整报告，才采取行动。	On the other hand, Selangor Police Chief Noor Azam said that the police would take actions after receiving the complete report on the ruling.
他周五上午在雪州警察总部出席雪州副总警长职权交接仪式后，受询此事时，这样回应。	As replied by him in an interview after attending the handover ceremony of Selangor Vice Police Chief at the Selangor Police Headquarters.
他说，警方根据有关报告调查此案。	He said the police would investigate this case based on relevant reports.
他补充，警方也会胥视调查进展，而决定是否再度传召早前曾被录口供的人士问话。	He added that police would also oversee the investigation progress to decide whether to summon the people who gave the testimony before.
记者从北京市园林绿化局了解到，为喜迎新中国成立70周年，北京市近期以长安街及其沿线为主轴，全面提升园林绿化景观，营造祥和、喜庆的氛围。	Beijing Gardening and greening Bureau told the reporter that in order to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Beijing improved the gardening and greening along Beijing's main road, Chang'an Avenue, creating an atmosphere of peace and joy.
目前，长安街沿线12座立体花坛已全部竣工亮相，全市2000万盆鲜花扮靓首都，盛装迎接国庆佳节到来。	By far, the 12 topiary installations and flowerbeds have all been set up. There are 20 million pots of flowers used in the decoration to celebrating the coming of the National Day.
连日来，长安街沿线12座绚丽多姿、造型多样的立体花坛景观吸引了众多市民游客观赏、拍照。	In the past few days, the 12 colorful topiary installations and flowerbeds in different shapes and styles along the Chang'an Avenue have attracted both local residents and tourists and have been spots for them to take pictures.
这些花坛主题鲜明，从建国门西北角的“壮丽70年”起始，到复兴门东北角的“美好明天”收尾，荟萃了新中国成立70年来在各个领域取得的辉煌成就，展现了人民群众的幸福生活。	Each flowerbed has its own theme, starting from the one titled "Magnificent 70 Years" located in the northwest corner of Jianguomen and ending with the one titled "Beautiful Future" located in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen. The flowerbeds tell stories about China's remarkable achievements in different fields in the 70 years after the founding of the People's Republic of China, showing the happy lives that Chinese people are living.
北京市园林绿化局有关负责人介绍，今年的绿化环境布置充分利用自有创新成果，集成了国内外新品种、新技术。	An official from Beijing Gardening and greening Bureau introduced that by growing new varieties of flowers and applying new domestic and foreign technology, this year's gardening and greening were the result of China's own innovation.
花坛摆放整体应用230余个品种，包括16个自主培育品种、18个绿色抗逆新品种和11种乡土植物。	There are 230 varieties in the flowerbeds, including 16 varieties developed by China, 18 green varieties that are resilient to bad exterior factors and 11 varieties of indigenous plants.
我国自主选育的“寒露竞辉 ” “ 绚秋糖果 ” “ 绚秋缤纷”3个菊花品种得到首次应用。	This is the first time to plant three varieties of chrysanthemum, Cold Dew Charm, Autumn Candy and Colorful Autumn, cultivated by China.
为了喜迎国庆，北京近期还对全市园林绿化景观环境进行全面整治，共补植乔木1.2万余株、花灌木23万株、草坪宿根花卉230万平方米。	To celebrate the National Day, Beijing has recently improved its gardening and greening all over the city by planting 12,000 arbor trees, 230,000 flowering shrubs and 2.3 million square meters of perennial flowers.
同时，在全市环路、长安街延长线、香山纪念地、新机场周边及重要旅游景区周边等重要区域，还设置了主题花坛200个，地栽花卉用量达2000万盆（株 ） ， 摆放花柱花堆小品1万个、组合容器5000组，悬挂花箱1.5万个，使首都绿化环境景观得到全面升级。	Moreover, 200 themed flowerbeds with 20 million pots of flowers, 10,000 components for pillars and piles, 5,000 containers and 15,000 hanging flower boxes, are placed near Beijing's ring roads, extension roads of the Chang'an Avenue, Beijing's western Fragrant Hills, the new airport and other main areas and scenic spots, bringing a comprehensive improvement to the gardening and greening of the capital.
中国发布《中国与联合国》以及关于气候变化、可持续发展等问题报告-新华网	China issues position papers on China and the United Nations, as well as climate change and sustainable development, etc. – Xinhuanet.
新华社联合国9月26日电（记者徐晓蕾 王文）9月26日，出席第74届联合国大会的中国代表团正式发布《中国与联合国 — — 第74届联合国大会中方立场文件 》 、 《联合国气候行动峰会：中方的立场和行动 》 、 《中国落实2030年可持续发展议程进展报告（2019 ） 》 、 《 地球大数据支撑可持续发展目标报告》等4份文件。	By Xiaolei Xu, Wen Wang in the UN, Xinhua News Agency, September 26. On September 26, the Chinese delegation that attended the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents of China and the United Nations — — Position Paper of the People’s Republic of China for the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly, UN Climate Action Summit: China’s Position and Action, China’s Progress Report on Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019), and Big Earth Data in Support of the Sustainable Development Goals.
《中国与联合国 — — 第74届联合国大会中方立场文件》总结了新中国成立70年来，特别是党的十八大以来中国同联合国各领域合作的成就和发展。	China and the United Nations — — Position Paper of the People’s Republic of China for the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly summarizes the achievements and developments of cooperation between China and the UN in various fields since the founding of New China over the past 70 years, especially since the 18th National Congress of Chinese Communist Party.
指出，中国国家主席习近平提出的推动构建人类命运共同体，已成为中国特色大国外交的旗帜。	It notes that working toward a community with a shared future for mankind, which was proposed by the president of China Xi Jinping, has become a centerpiece of China’s major-country diplomacy with its distinctive features.
在习近平外交思想的指引下，中国以更加积极有为的姿态参与国际事务，为世界的和平与发展作出更大贡献，承担更多责任。	Under the guidance of Xi Jinping’s diplomatic thinking, China will play a more active and constructive role in international affairs, making greater contributions to and taking more responsibilities for world peace and development
中国始终做世界和平的建设者、全球发展的贡献者和国际秩序的维护者。	China will stay a promoter of world peace, contributor to global development and upholder of the international order.
文件从十个方面介绍了中国对联合国和平、发展、人权三大支柱领域的重要贡献。	The document introduces the contributions that China has made to the UN’s three pillar areas of security, development and human rights from ten aspects.
重申中国坚定支持和践行多边主义，支持联合国在国际事务中发挥核心作用；指出中国的发展与世界的发展同频共振，二者相互促进；强调面对世界百年未有之大变局，一个不断发展的中国将为世界贡献越来越多正能量。	Reiterating that China firmly supports and pursues multilateralism, and supports the key role of the UN in international affairs; Noting that China and the World support each other and develop together; Stressing that in face of the profound changes unseen in a century, China that has constantly been developing will offer increasingly positive energy to the world.
《联合国气候行动峰会：中方的立场和行动》紧扣此次联合国气候行动峰会九大行动领域，介绍了中方对应对气候变化国际合作的政策主张和中国应对气候变化的举措成就。	UN Climate Action Summit: China’s Position and Action bears closely on the nine main areas of action at the UN Climate Action Summit, introducing China’s policies to respond to international cooperation for climate change and its achievements in coping with the climate change.
作为世界上最大的发展中国家，中国把应对气候变化视作自身可持续发展的内在要求和构建人类命运共同体的责任担当，将继续克服自身发展面临的诸多困难挑战，坚定维护多边主义，落实国际承诺，全力推动《巴黎协定》全面有效落实。	As the largest developing country in the world, China regards coping with climate change as its internal requirement for sustainable development and as responsibility for working toward a community with a shared future for mankind. It will continue to overcome many difficulties for development, firmly safeguard multilateralism, keep the international promises, and give a strong boost to implementation of the Paris Agreement.
《中国落实2030年可持续发展议程进展报告（2019 ） 》 是中国继2017年发布落实进展报告后，发表的第二份进展报告。	China’s Progress Report on Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019) has been the second progress report since China issued the progress report on implementation in 2017.
报告全面梳理了中国落实2030年议程的举措、进展、面临的挑战和下步规划，展现了中方践行新发展理念、实现高质量发展的决心和取得的成就。	The report makes an overall review on China’s initiatives, progress, challenges faced, and next projects to implement 2030 Agenda, demonstrating its achievements and determination to fulfil new ideas of development and realize high-quality development.
报告包含的精准脱贫、创新引领发展、生态文明建设、乡村振兴、共建“一带一路”等案例，将对其他国家落实2030年议程提供有益借鉴。	The cases of targeted poverty alleviation, innovation-led development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and co-construction of “the Belt and Road” that were reported offers beneficial references for other countries to implement 2030 Agenda.
《地球大数据支撑可持续发展目标报告》展示了中国利用地球大数据技术支持2030年议程落实和政策决策的探索和实践，揭示了有关技术和方法对监测评估可持续发展目标的应用价值和前景，为国际社会填补数据和方法论空白、加快落实2030年议程提供了新视角、新支撑。	Big Earth Data in Support of the Sustainable Development Goals demonstrates China’s exploration and practice of using big earth data technology to support 2030 Agenda. It uncovers the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the target of sustainable development, providing new perspectives and supports for international society to fill the data and methodological gap and to accelerate implementation of 2030 Agenda.
澳门理工学院校友会二十周年系列活动-刘华智、梁子恒艺术作品展将于2019年9月29日下午6时于澳门理工学院怀远楼展览廊隆重开幕。	The grand opening of "Mann Lao / Nono Leong Exhibition", one of the series of events to celebrate Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association 20th anniversary, will be held at Macao Polytechnic Institute Lam Kan Exhibition Gallery on September 29th of 2019, 6pm.
欢迎各界人士光临指导。	Welcome to come and visit!
知名设计师刘华智、梁子恒两人都毕业于澳门理工学院综合设计系，其后于2013年共同创立设计公司，经过五年努力，公司成就卓越，在国际上获得超过200奖项，设计业务遍布全世界，业务跨越超过10个国家25个城市，成功把团队设计推向国际，享誉盛名。	Both the well-known designers, Mann Lao and Nono Leong, graduated from Macao Polytechnic Institute, Department of Integrated Design. They co-founded a design firm in 2013. Over 5 years of effort, they have successfully brought their design works to the world. The firm has received more than 200 international awards, and has spread worldwide with business going in more than 25 cities from 10 countries.
是次应澳门理工学院校友会之邀请，展出他们匠心独妙的设计作品，以及分享他们创业里程的心得。	The designers were invited by the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association to show their ingenious design works and share their business experiences.
当日除了分享创业经验外，还会对澳门设计发展进行交流。	Besides experiences sharing, they will also talk about Macao's development in the designing area.
展览日期由2019年9月29日至10月10日，开放时间为上午9时至晚上11时，节假日如常开放。	The exhibition date is from September 29th through October 10th, from 9am to 11pm. It will also open on weekends and holidays.
如有垂询，可致电85993119与理工校友会联络。	If you have any question, please reach out to Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association at 85993119.
老挝各集体和个人荣获越南国家勋章和徽章	Vietnam National Orders and Medals presented to Lao National Assembly Collectives and Individuals
据越南国家主席阮富仲于9月21日签发关于授予独立勋章的决定中，越南向来自老挝国会、国会各机关、国会秘书处等机关的12个集体和13名个人授予独立勋章，旨在表彰他们为巩固和加强越老两国国会和国会各机关之间的特殊团结关系所做出积极贡献。	Under the decision on the award of Independence Orders signed by President Nguyen Phu Trong on September 21, Vietnam presented Independence Orders to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly (NA), bodies of NA and the Secretariat of NA, in recognition of their contributions to fostering special solidarity between Vietnamese and Lao legislatures.
越南国家主席阮富仲也签发决定关于授予友谊勋章和友谊徽章的决定。	President Nguyen Phu Trong also signed a decision on the award of Friendship Orders and Friendship Medals.
根据该决定，越南国家决定向老挝国会、国会各机关和国会秘书处的4个集体和34个个人授予21个友谊勋章和17个友谊徽章，旨在表彰他们为巩固和加强越老两国国会和国会各机关之间的特殊团结关系所做出积极贡献。	According to the decision, Vietnam decided to grant 21 Friendship Orders and 17 Friendship Medals to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao NA, in recognition of their contribution to fostering special solidarity between Vietnamese and Lao legislatures.
阮氏金银女士在授勋仪式上发表讲话时强调，越老两个民族之间密不可分的关系是从源远流长的历史进程中形成的，越南与老挝两国人民之间的良好传统友谊、始终如一以及无私的关系由胡志明主席和凯山·丰威汉主席亲手缔造和两党、两国历届领导和人民精心培育的，成为两国无价之宝。	Speaking at the event, Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan emphasized that the intimate relations between Vietnam and Laos were forged throughout the long history. The friendship and the consistent and selfless relationship between the people in Vietnam and Laos created by President Ho Chi Minh and President of Laos Kaysone Phomvihane and maintained by people in both countries were priceless.
阮氏金银女士强调，在世界局势复杂多变的情况下，越老伟大友谊、特殊友谊和全面合作仍不断得到巩固和发展并日益走向深入和务实。	Chairwoman Ngan stressed that in this complex and changing world situation, the great and special friendship，as well as comprehensive cooperation between Vietnam and Laos, will continuously be consolidated and developed pragmatically and in-depth.
阮氏金银女士强调，向老挝国会各集体和原高级领导干部授予越南党和国家勋章和徽章是越南党、国家和人民对各位同志的巨大功劳给予认可，希望各位同志继续努力，为加强越老伟大友谊、特殊团结和全面合作做出更多的贡献。	Chairwoman Ngan said that presenting national orders and medals to collectives and leaders in the NA was a recognition of their contributions from the Vietnamese Party, the State and the people. She also expressed her wish that the recipients would strive more to contribute to the relations of great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
阮氏金银女士强调，越南党和国家将继续同老挝党和国家保持密切配合，继承和发挥双方所取得的合作成果，积极巩固和促进两国伟大友谊、特殊团结和全面合作日益向前发展。	She affirmed that the Vietnamese Party and State would continue working closely with their Lao counterparts to further develop bilateral ties and enhance the relations of great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
荣获独立勋章、友谊勋章和友谊徽章的老挝国会各集体和个人已对越南国家授予他们荣誉奖项表示感谢，并肯定这不仅是他们的荣誉，而还是老挝国会的荣誉。	The awarded collectives and individuals from the Lao NA expressed gratitude to Vietnam for granting the Independence Orders, Friendship Orders and Friendship Medals. They said that the presenting of orders and medals was an honor for not only Lao collectives and individuals but also the Lao NA.
美国电子烟已夺12命 相关肺部损害达到805例。	E-cigarettes have claimed 12 lives and caused 805 cases of related lung damage in the United States.
据“中央社”报道，当地时间26日，美国卫生官员表示，全美已有12人死于电子烟相关疾病，与吸电子烟有关的肺部受损病例则有805起。	According to the "Central News Agency" report, on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people have died from e-cigarette-related diseases in the United States, and there are up to 805 cases of lung damage linked with e-cigarette smoking.
据报道，美国疾病管制暨预防中心通报这些数字，并表示尚未辨认出导致相关疾病的特定物质。	It is reported that the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had notified these figures and stated that it had not identified any specific substance that caused the related disease.
然而，多数病患都通报，曾使用内含四氢大麻酚的电子烟产品，这是大麻中会影响精神状态的主要化合物。	However, most patients have reported that they have used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in cannabis that can affect the state of mind.
据悉，肺部病例激增与在黑市购买受到污染的电子烟雾化器有关。	It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette atomizers on the black market.
疾病管制暨预防中心指出，上述12起死亡病例出现在由加州至佛罗里达州的10个州，至于805起相关的确诊和疑似病例则是由46州和美属维京群岛通报。	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention pointed out that the aforementioned 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while the related 805 confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the US Virgin Islands.
过去3周，印度和美国麻州已禁止电子烟销售，纽约州和密执安州则是禁用加味电子烟。	In the past 3 weeks, India and the US state of Massachusetts have banned e-cigarette sales, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
报道称，特朗普政府打算10月起，禁止烟草味以外的所有味道的电子烟产品。	According to reports, the Trump administration was planning to ban all tastes of e-cigarette products other than tobacco flavor starting from October.
下一班公交何时来？	When does the next bus come?
“互联网+智能站牌”让你心中有数。	"Internet + Smart Display" will tell you.
27日，南京智慧交通联合高德地图对外宣布：全国首批“互联网+智能站牌”正式落地南京，届时南京将有54块公交电子屏被点亮，此举将全面升级南京信息化服务水平，提高公交服务效率和老百姓出行幸福度。	Nanjing Smart Traffic, in collaboration with Gaode Map, announced on the 27th that the first batch of the country's "Internet + Smart Display" were officially installed in Nanjing, where 54 digital displays will be turned on at bus stops. This will bring the information services of Nanjing to the next level, and increase the efficiency of public transport services and the happiness of passengers.
以往，等车的焦虑场景几乎每天在公交站上演。	The anxiety of waiting used to haunt bus stops almost on a daily basis.
公交车运行时间难以预知、沿途公交路况和车辆位置难以获悉，公交出行痛点问题亟待解决，尤其在一些大城市，通勤路途长，早晚通勤高峰时间交通状况复杂，导致公交车准点率一直难以保障。	As it is difficult to predict bus schedules, and it is difficult to know road conditions and bus locations, the problems of public transport are in need of solution. In some big cities, commuters have a long way to travel, and the traffic situation at peak times are complex, which often leads to bus delays.
为此，南京智慧交通携手高德地图深入探索“互联网+交通”便民服务新方向，推出全国首批“互联网+智能站牌”这一智能化服务项目。	Therefore, Nanjing Smart Traffic and its collaborator Gaode Maps explored the new approach of "Internet + Transport" services and launched a project on intelligent services that installed the country's first batch of "Internet + Smart Display."
据悉，全国首批“互联网+智能站牌”在南京落地，融合了高德大数据以及高德的车辆预计行驶时间ETA算法，并依托于公交电子站牌和移动互联网、交通大数据升级，实现“公交智能站牌+电子地图”双端发布公交路线、公交预计到站时间等能力。	It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + Smart Display" launched in Nanjing integrate the big data of Gaode and its ETA algorithm of estimated vehicle travel time. By updating the internet and big data of travel on the digital displays at bus stops, the project offers services including publishing bus routes on the two ends of "Smart displays at bus stops + digital maps" and estimating the arrival time of the next bus.
通过“互联网+智能站牌 ” ， 南京市民不仅可以轻松获得公交车的预计到站时间，了解公交车的实时位置以及距离当前站点还有几站，而且还能通过红橙绿三种颜色直观地掌握沿途公交路况，让所有途径该站点的公交车线路实时情况都可以一目了然。	With "Internet + Smart Display," Nanjing citizens can easily get the estimated arrival time of the next bus, real-time location of the bus, and how many stops it is away from the current stop. They can also quickly view road conditions along the bus route via a display in red, orange, and green, and see all buses that pass the current stop.
得益于“互联网+智能站牌”这一科技暖心上线，南京市民实现了“出门前查询公交位置、等公交时掌握到站时间、坐公交时了解到达目的地时间”等便捷高效的公交出行方式。	Thanks to the new technology of "Internet + Smart Display," Nanjing citizens can now enjoy more convenient and efficient public transport that allows them to check the bus location before leaving and to know when the next bus arrives and when they will arrive at their destinations.
根据“互联网+智能站牌”的实时公交信息，选择最适合自己的出行线路，同时还能做好心理预期，减少等车的焦虑感，从而让出行变得更加便利从容。	They can choose the most appropriate route based on the real-time traffic information provided by "Internet + Smart Display" and know exactly what to expect, which relieves the anxiety of waiting and brings a more relaxing travel experience.
颐和园精品文物亮相 逾30件首次对外展出-新华网	Exquisite artifacts from the Summer Palace exhibited, with more than 30 of them displayed for the first time - Xinhua News
记者从北京市颐和园管理处获悉，此次共展出99件套文物精品，其中30余件文物是颐和园首次对公众展出，展现了颐和园丰富的宫廷文物收藏及其传统福寿文化内涵。	According to Summer Palace Management Office, 99 artefacts are exhibited this time, including more than 30 objects shown to the public for the first time, which demonstrates the extensive collection of court objects at the Summer Palace and its traditional culture of good fortune and longevity.
据悉，展览分为瑞玉吉金、福书寿牒、奇工绝艺、赋彩增华四个展区，向观众展出玉器青铜、古籍书画、杂项、瓷器珐琅等多个品类的文物，展品的器型造型、图案纹饰均体现“福寿”主题。	It is reported that the exhibition will be divided into four areas, namely, auspicious jade and gold, books of good fortune and longevity, extraordinary craftmanship, and extravagant luxuries, showing a variety of objects such as jade, bronze vessels, ancient books, calligraphy and paintings, miscellaneous objects, ceramics, enamel porcelain, and more. The shape and design of these objects echo with the theme of good fortune and longevity.
颐和园管理处文物部副主任隗丽佳介绍，本次文物展的高级别文物数量多、文物品类多、展品年代跨度大。	According to Huai Lijia, deputy director of the Department of Cultural Relics of the Summer Palace Administration Office, many of the objects on exhibition are high-level cultural relics; they are displayed in a considerable quantity and span a long period of time.
参展文物中有近三成是国家一级文物和二级文物，文物年代从商代跨越到清光绪年间。	Nearly one third of the artefacts are first- and second- grade national cultural relics, spanning from the Shang Dynasty to the Guangxu era of the Qing Dynasty.
展出的商代正簋距今3000多年，为此次展出“最古老”的一件青铜文物；青玉卧牛体量巨大、重量近80斤，是由一整块青玉雕刻而成，保存品相完好，非常罕见；山石人物楼阁木座钟 、 《 南斋集锦绘画册 》 《 南斋集锦书法》等也是首次面向公众展出的精品文物。	The gui-vessel from the Shang Dynasty is the oldest bronze vessel at this exhibition, dating to 3000 years ago. The gigantic jade water buffalo, weighing nearly 40 kilograms, is carved out from one piece of jade, which is rare and well-preserved. Other exquisite artefacts that are exhibited to the public for the first time include a clock with mountains, people and towers, the Album of Paintings of the Southern Studio, and Calligraphy of the Southern Studio, etc.
北京市颐和园管理处副园长秦雷表示，此次文化展秉承让文物“活起来”的精神，依托颐和园“福山寿海”的造园思想，以园藏“福寿”题材文物为载体，让游客通过观展了解颐和园深厚的福寿文化，弘扬和传承中华传统文化，传达祈福庆寿的美好祝愿。	Qin Lei, deputy director of the Summer Palace Management Office in Beijing, said this exhibition aimed to make the artefacts alive. Drawing on the overall design of the Summer Place that signifies "auspicious mountain and longevity sea," this exhibition displays artefacts about "good fortune and longevity" from the Summer Palace collections and thereby shows the rich culture of the Summer Palace, prompting the visitors to promote and transmit traditional Chinese culture and to express their good wishes.
据悉，文物展将持续到2020年1月30日。	The exhibition will run until January 30, 2020.
新华时评：坚定不移走好我们自己的路	Xinhua News Commentary: unswervingly take our own path
27日发布的《新时代的中国与世界》白皮书作出解答：70年来，中国发展取得成功，根本原因是在中国共产党领导下，中国人民找到了中国特色社会主义这条正确发展道路并且沿着这条道路坚定不移地走下去。	A white paper titled "China and the World in a new Era" was released on June 27, which explains that the fundamental reason for China's success in development over the past 70 years is that the Chinese people have found the right path of developing socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China and will unswervingly continue to follow the path.
中国走适合自己的发展道路，是历史的选择、人民的选择。	It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow a development path suitable for itself.
近代以来，在积贫积弱、内忧外患的环境中，一代代仁人志士为探寻救国救民之路上下求索、前赴后继。	In modern times, generations of people with lofty ideals have made endless efforts to save the country and the people in an environment of poverty and weakness, internal strife and foreign invasion.
然而 ， “ 君主立宪制、复辟帝制、议会制、多党制、总统制都想过了、试过了，结果都行不通 。 ”	However, "constitutional monarchy, imperial restoration, parliamentary system, multi-party system, presidential system have been considered and tried, all of them ended up with failures".
直到有了中国共产党，有了新中国，中国人民才在实践中逐渐开辟出一条中国特色社会主义道路。	It was not until the Communist Party of China and the new China came that the Chinese people gradually blazed a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
中国走出的这条道路，是中国人民的幸福之路、中华民族的复兴之路，也是中国与世界各国共同发展的大同之路。	The path China has taken is the path of happiness for the Chinese people and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, as well as the universal harmony of common development between China and other countries in the world.
正是因为走在正确的道路上，中国才能把自己的事情办好，才能成为世界第二大经济体、对全球经济增长贡献最大的国家，才能以自身发展不断造福世界。	It is just because China is on the right path that it can run its own affairs well, become the world's second largest economy and the biggest contributor to global growth, continue to benefit the world with its own development.
正如白皮书所指出的，中国的这条发展道路，符合中国国情，适应时代要求，将随着时代前进越来越显示出光明的发展前景。	As the white Paper points out, China's development goes in line with its national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, and will show more and more bright prospects as the time goes by.
回首往事，中国人民深知找到一条正确的道路多么不容易；环顾世界，中国人民对这条正确道路更加珍惜。	Looking back, Chinese people know very well how difficult it is to find the right path. Looking around the world, Chinese people will cherish this right path even more.
中国人懂得南橘北枳的道理，明白适合别人的不一定适合自己、只有适合自己的才是最好的。	Chinese people understand the truth that "orange changes with the environments," they know that what is suitable for others may not fit in with their conditions, only what suits themselves is the best.
正是怀着这种道路自信和战略定力，中国才创造了举世瞩目的奇迹。	It is with such confidence in its path and willpower for its strategy that China has created the miracles which have drawn the attention of the world.
在人类前行的曲折进程中 ， “ 历史终结论”曾名噪一时。	In the twists and turns of human history, "the End of History" had once made a noise in the world.
今天，中国特色社会主义道路的成功，宣告了“历史终结论”的终结 、 “ 中国崩溃论”的崩溃 、 “ 社会主义失败论”的失败。	Today, the success achieved by the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics announces the end of the "End of History," the collapse of the "Collapse of China" and the failure of the "failure of socialism."
中国的成功，提振了发展中国家实现国富民强的信心，拓展了发展中国家走向现代化的途径，为世界上那些既希望加快发展又希望保持自身独立的国家和民族，走符合本国国情的道路提供了经验和借鉴。	The success of China has boosted the confidence of developing countries to become rich and strong, expanded the path for developing countries to achieve modernization, and brought experience and reference for other countries and nationalities that wish to speed up their development and maintain their independence by following a path suitable for their national conditions.
世界是丰富多彩的。	The world is diversified.
中国历来尊重各国选择适合自身国情发展道路的权利。	China has always respected the rights of all countries to choose a development path suited to their national conditions.
中国不“输入”外国模式，也不“输出”中国模式，而将坚定不移走好自己的路，实现自身的不断发展，与各国加强治国理政交流，为共同实现良政善治作出应有的贡献。	China will not "import" foreign models or "export" the Chinese model. Instead, China will remain committed to its own path, realize its own development, strengthen the exchanges with other countries on the governance and administration of state affairs, and make its due contribution for the joint implementation of good governance and fine administration.
在公平工作委员会（Fair Work Commission）发现，一名Foodworks超市的老板通过短信解雇一名66岁的女工，因为他更愿意雇用来自亚裔背景的员工，该老板的做法被猛烈抨击为“可耻 ” 。	The Fair Work Commission found that a Foodworks supermarket owner dismissed a 66-year-old female worker by text message due to his preference for hiring employees of an Asian background. The owner was strongly denounced as "shameful" for what he did.
该委员会说，在Wagga Wagga商店工作了20多年的Gail Ayton女士的老板王建宾（Jianbin Wang 音译，英文名Eddie）对待员工的方式 “极不公平 ” ， 并且可能违反了反歧视法。	Ms. Ayton had served at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years. The Commission said how the owner Jianbin Wang (Eddie by English name) treated the employee was "extremely unfair" and likely breached anti-discrimination laws.
Ayton女士对委员会说，王先生在2016年接管了这家店，他一直“想炒掉我 ” ， 因为她不是华人。	Ms. Ayton told the Commission that Mr. Wang "has been trying to get rid of me" since his takeover of the store in 2016, because she is not Chinese.
在此案中，委员会副主席Peter Sams在互联网上进行了一次搜索，发现“王先生过去在各种澳大利亚华人就业论坛上发布的一些招聘广告 ” 。	In this case, deputy president of the Commission Peter Sams conducted a search on the web, and located “some job ads posted by Mr. Wang on various Chinese Australian's job forums in the past".
这些职位列出的工作要求中，其中一个说“首选亚洲女士 ” ， 另一个说“首选亚洲员工 ” 。	Among the requirements for these jobs, one said "Asian female preferred", while another went as "Asian staff preferred".
第三篇帖子说，他“更倾向于海外人士（原文如此 ） ” 。	In the third, he posted "more prefer oversea people" (sic).
Wang先生于今年4月通过短信解雇了Ayton女士，后来称这是由于她缺勤以及据称收银机出现从$ 5.10到$ 30的少量现金缺失。	Mr Wang dismissed Ms. Ayton by text message in April this year, and later alleged that it was due to her absences from work and money shortages with amounts missing between $5.10 and $30 in cash registers.
但是Sams先生说，王先生解雇Ayton女士的理由很弱，也缺乏证据。	However, Mr. Sams noted that reasons given by Mr Wang for his dismissing Ms. Ayton were rather weak, and there was lack of evidence.
三年来她只缺勤了一个班次 ， “ 缺失金额”总计几澳元。	In the past three years, she had only one day of non-attendance, and the "money shortages" were only totaled at a few Australian dollars.
他说，Ayton女士被解雇“实际上与她的行为或表现无关 ” 。	He remarked that the dismissal of Ms. Ayton "actually had nothing to do with her behaviors or performance".
他说 ： “ 在我看来，在王先生发布的招聘广告的证据支持下，应辩人解雇她的真正动机是他更愿意聘请具有亚洲背景的员工。	“In my view, supported by the job advertisements posted by Mr. Wang, the respondent’s real motive for dismissing her was Mr. Wang’s preference to hire staff of Asian speaking backgrounds,” he said.
根据《公平工作法 》 （ Fair Work Act）第772（f）条，王先生的行为表面上构成违反反歧视法和/或对申请人的解雇行为是非法的 。 ”	“According to section 772(f) of the Fair Work Act, prima facie, Mr Wang’s conduct constituted a breach of anti-discrimination laws and/or the applicant’s dismissal was for an unlawful reason.”
Sams先生说，鉴于王先生对Ayton女士的“骇人听闻”待遇，他考虑恢复她的职位是不合适的。	Mr. Sams pointed out that it was inadequate for Mr. Wang to bring back Ms. Ayton's for the job given how "appalling" he had treated her.
他应考虑向Ayton女士支付赔偿金，后者是一名临时工，时薪26澳元。	He should instead consider to pay in compensation for Ms. Ayton, who was a temporary staff with an hourly wage of 26 Australian dollars.
鉴于可能违反反歧视和劳资关系立法的行为，Sams表示，他将把自己的裁决和文件提交给委员会主管，以考虑是否应将王先生的行为转交给其他机构，以调查可能违反州或联邦法律的行为。	Sams expressed that in light of any possible violation of the anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, he would submit his verdicts and files to the General Manager of Commission for consideration as to whether to hand Wang's case over to other agencies for further investigation of potential breaches of state or Commonwealth laws.
他说，王先生没有给Ayton女士任何机会回应据称是解雇她的理由。	He added, Mr Wang didn't give Ms. Ayton any chance to respond to the alleged reasons of her dismissal.
他说 ： “ 我认为，应辩人采取了不可救药的不公正和有偏见的程序来解雇申请人，王先生“等待”这个机会，他认为这将‘证明’终止对申请人的雇用是正当的 。 ”	He said, "I think the respondent has taken an irredeemably unjust and prejudiced procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang "waited for" the opportunity, and he believed this would "justify" his terminating the employment of the applicant."
“他错了 … … 应辩人在开除申请人时完全无视给予她任何自然公正的待遇，令人震惊的是，他无礼和极度不公的敷衍行为 。 ”	"He was wrong... The respondent had absolutely treated the applicant unfairly when she was dismissed. It was shocking that he was rude and extremely unjust."
Sams先生说，虽然Foodworks是一家小企业 ， “ 但必须坦率地说，任何正派的雇主，都不会以本案中承认的极其不公平和敷衍的方式来解雇员工 。 ”	Mr. Sams noted that although Foodworks runs a small business, "I have to be frank that no decent employer will sack their employees in an extremely unfair and careless way as acknowledged in this case."
他说 ： “ 这是可耻的，而且是极其不公平的 。 ”	He said, "It is shameful, and also extremely inequitable."
广铁迎战国庆黄金周客流 日增旅客列车175趟-中新网	China Railway Guangzhou Group added 175 more passenger trains every day during the golden week of National Day - Chinanews
中新网广州9月27日电(郭军 徐婧)记者27日从广铁集团获悉，为满足国庆黄金周旅客出行需求，广铁集团将陆续增开热门方向列车，假日期间日均增开旅客列车总数达175趟，全面增加国庆黄金周客流高峰期间运力。	Reported by Chinaews in Guangzhou, September 27th (Guo Jun, Xu Jing) According to the China Railway Guangzhou Group on 27, reporters learned that it will successively add the number of trains with popular destinations to meet the travel demand during the golden week of National Day. During the holidays, the number of passenger trains will increase by 175 everyday, comprehensively enhancing the transportation capability during the summit in the golden week of National Day.
广铁集团将采取多项举措，做好客流高峰期间旅客服务工作。	China Railway Guangzhou Group will take many actions to provide good service to passengers during the summit.
广州南站对三层安检通道进行了优化改造，新增12条安检通道，新增改造后，三层候车室共计有44条安检通道，此外，为畅通旅客进站流线，广州南站新增19台自助实名制验证设备，合计71台。	The security check channel on the third floor of Guangzhou South Railway Station has been optimized by adding 12 new security check channels. After that, there are altogether 44 security check channels in the waiting room on the third floor. In addition, to improve the passenger flow at the entrance, Guangzhou South Railway Station added 19 new self-service devices for real-name authentication, with the total number amounting to 71.
为缓解南站南北路车辆的滞留和拥堵，广州南站将启用3个新停车场，新增1000个停车位，缓解南站周边交通不畅的压力。	To relieve traffic congestion on the north-south road at the South Railway Station, Guangzhou South Railway Station will use three new parking lots with one thousand parking spots, coping with the pressure around the South Railway Station due to the traffic congestion.
深圳北站将开通“高铁-地铁”免检绿色通道。	Shenzhen North Railway Station will open the “Express Train - Subway” green passage.
10月6日-7日，客流到达高峰时段，深圳北站A2出站口将与地铁衔接，设免检通道，为高峰时段到达旅客提供便利出行。	From October 6 to 7, when the passenger flow reaches the summit, the A2 Exit in Shenzhen North Railway Station will be connected with the subway by the green passage so as to provide convenience for arrival passengers during the summit.
此外，东西广场将常态设置U彩爱心快捷通道，为开车前15分钟才到达车站的旅客及特殊重点旅客服务。	In addition, there will be U-shape fast passage set on the East and West Square, aiming to serve passengers arriving only 15 minutes earlier before the departure time as well as special and VIP passengers.
广九客运段在国庆黄金周前夕开展全员业务培训，确保担当乘务工作的全员学习掌握业务知识，提升服务质量，保证列车乘务员以良好的精神面貌、更加专业标准的业务素质，担当好每一次出乘工作，为旅客提供更优质的服务。	The Canton Kowloon passenger section will carry out professional training for all the staff before the golden week of National Day, so as to ensure that all the attendants can master their professional knowledge, improve service quality, and offer service of better quality to passengers with high-spirit outlook and more standard and professionalized competence.
6人否认涉售伪大马卡报生纸 案交高庭审理	Six people denied their involvement in the suspected forgery and sale of MyKad and birth certificate. The case has been submitted to the High Court for trial.
涉嫌伪造及售卖我国护照、报生纸及身分证的6名男子，包括1名国名登记局助理主任，以及1名拿督级商人，周四案件过堂，地庭法官批准有关反贩卖人口和反贩运移民的指控，移交至高庭审理。	Six male suspects, including an assistant director of National Registration Bureau and a Dato Class merchant, accused of forging and selling passport, birth certificate and MyKad appeared in court to be tried this Thursday. The judge of the local court approved the accusation of the anti-human trafficking and anti-immigrant-trafficking and transferred the course to the High Court for trial.
其中原本代表拿督华裔被告黎振华（译音）的辩护律师，也是日落洞区国会议员雷尔，向法官申请退出代表此案审讯，即不再成为该名被告的代表律师，当庭获得批准。	The defense lawyer Rayer, a member of parliament for Jelutong and representing the Dato Class defendant Li Zhenhua (transliteration), appealed to the judge to withdraw from the trial and cease to be the defense lawyer of Li. The appeal was approved in court.
他表示，本身因代表这名被告，而招来了政敌的批评，他所属的行动党也被牵连。	He expressed that his representation of this defendant attracted criticism from his political opponents. It implicated the Democratic Action Party where he belongs to.
他强调，本身并未惧怕任何威胁，可是不想被不负责任的单位利用来污蔑行动党和希盟政府或其他希盟领袖，因此经仔细考量后才作出此决定。	He emphasized that he himself was not afraid of any threats, but he did not intent to be used by some irresponsible units to defame the DAP, the Pakatan Harapan government or other PH leaders. Therefore, he made such decision after careful consideration.
他也说，代表被告及身为国会议员之间，并没有利益冲突，而且法律上并没有禁止他代表任何一个被告，至目前为止，被告黎振华也仍未被定罪。	He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing his defendant and being a parliament member and he was not banned from representing any defendant by law. Also, Li Zhenhua has not been convicted so far.
6名被告是于今年9月12日被控上法庭，面对多项反贩卖人口和反贩运移民法令第26E条文，以及刑事法典第466条文（伪造文件）的指控，全否认有罪，也不获法庭批准保外候审。	The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. Faced with a number of allegations based on Article 26E of anti-human trafficking and anti-immigrants trafficking act and Article 466 of the criminal Code (document forgery), they all pleaded unguilty and was not approved of bail pending trail.
周四两名地庭法官诺莎哈，以及马兹兰在控辩双方陈词后，批准控方申请，将6名被告所涉及的反贩卖人口和反贩运移民法令的指控，移交至高庭审理；至于伪造文件的指控则将于10月3日在地庭过堂，以等待控方移交文件予辩方。	On Thursday, two local court judges Nosha and Mazran approved the prosecution’s application after the statements made from both sides and transferred the allegations of the anti-human trafficking an anti-immigration trafficking of the six defendants to the High Court for trail. As for the accusation of the forgery of documents, the local court will go through it on October 3 when the prosecutor hand over documents to the defendant.
早前6名被告是基于在《2012年国家安全罪行（特别措施）法令 》 （ SOSMA）下遭逮捕，因此法官不给予保释。	The six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measure) Act 2012 （ SOSMA）and the judge did not grant bail.
与祖国同行 — — 武警部队某方队速写	Staying with the country: a sketch of a formation of the Armed Police Force
金秋，阅兵训练场上，平均身高1.83米的官兵们组成的武警部队某方队，训练正忙。	It was in the golden autumn. On the parade training ground, a formation of the Armed Police Force, consisting of soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters, were busy with training.
闪亮的枪刺、独有的橄榄绿和鲜红的肩章共同构成一道亮丽的风景线。	Shiny bayonets, unique olive-green color, and red epaulets constitute a splendid view.
日前，记者走进这个方队，感受武警官兵永远做党和人民忠诚卫士的决心以及他们“荣誉至上”的情怀和追求。	A few days ago, the reporter visited this formation and learned about how these soldiers of the Armed Police Force were determined to be the loyal guards of the Communist Party and the people forever, and about their belief in and pursuit of "honor."
“梦想照耀辉煌人生，书写新时代不朽的传奇 … … ”这是方队官兵集体创作的队歌 — — 《与祖国同行 》 。	"Dreams shine through a brilliant life and write an eternal legend of the new age," say the lyrics of "Stay with the country," written by the soldiers of the formation collectively.
在方队中，这首歌是每一位队员的座右铭。	This song has become the motto of every member of the formation.
身高1.92米的齐晓光，站在方队里格外显眼。	Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, is particularly impressive in the formation.
作为原武警国旗护卫队的擎旗手，他对荣誉有着更深一刻的理解。	As the former flag bearer of the flag guard of the Armed Police Force, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
军人的荣誉来自刻苦的训练 。	Soldiers' honor comes from tough training.
作为擎旗手的齐晓光，训练一直高标准严要求。	As a flag bearer, Qi Xiaoguang has always been trained to meet high standards and strict requirements.
他绑着沙袋练定型、卡着秒表练步速、蒙着眼睛练步幅、顶着狂风练稳定。	He tied sandbags to himself to maintain posture, used a stopwatch to regulate his marching speed, regulated his step length with an eye fold, and improved his marching step consistency against wild wind.
在他的“擎旗生涯”中，有一幅画面始终难忘。	In his "career of flag bearing," there was one unforgettable scene.
一次升旗仪式，大雨倾盆而下，而前来观看升旗仪式的游客却无一人离开。	In a flag raising ceremony, despite the downpour, no one in the audience who came for the ceremony had left.
国旗升起的那一刻，齐晓光深深感受到肩上这面五星红旗所代表的荣耀。	When the flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang felt, from the bottom of his heart, the glory represented by the Five-starred Red Flag on his shoulder.
2019年，齐晓光被选为基准兵受阅。	Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a pivot in the parade.
基准兵和擎旗手动作标准不同 。	The standards for a pivot are different from those for a flag bearer.
齐晓光介绍，擎旗手和基准兵的行进步频虽然只有20余步之差，训练上却要付出更多努力。	Qi Xiaoguang said that, although the difference in step frequency between a flag bearer and a pivot was just over 20 steps, the training of the latter required more efforts.
基准兵是第一排面的第一名，直接决定着方队的整齐程度。	A pivot is the first one in the first row and determines how orderly the whole formation is.
阅兵集中展开训练后，他每天反复踢腿，练就了一番踢腿硬功。	After the collective parade training began, he practiced kicking repeatedly every day and firmly established his strength.
在示范演示中，他精准的步幅、步速赢得官兵阵阵掌声。	In the rehearsal, his precise step length and speed won him rounds of applause from other soldiers.
在方队中，几乎每一名官兵都和齐晓光有着同样的体会。	In the formation, almost every soldier has the same experience with Qi Xiaoguang.
战士朱旭东方的父亲20年前曾参加国庆50周年阅兵。	Twenty years ago, the father of the soldier Zhu Xudongfa participated the military parade at the 50th anniversary of the country on the National Day.
为了追随父亲的脚步成为方队一员，他一次次遭受挫折，却从不气馁。	In order to follow his father's footsteps to join the formation, Zhu Xudongfa came across discouragement again and again, yet he never gave up.
他说 ： “ 能够和父亲一样走过天安门广场，接受党和人民的检阅是我一生的光荣，吃什么苦我都愿意 。 ”	He said, "It is my lifetime honor to be able to march through the Tiananmen Square like my father and to accept the inspection of the Party and the people. I am willing to endure any hardship."
走进方队荣誉室 ， “ 首都维稳精锐之师”8个大字映入眼帘。	When one walks into the formation's Room of Honors, eight big characters comes in sight, which reads, “A crack troop that safeguards the capital's stability.”
方队政委王谦介绍，方队队员全部来自武警北京总队 — — 这是一支有着光荣传统的部队，先后担负过开国大典、历次国庆庆典、历届党的全国代表大会安保及首都反恐维稳等重大任务，培育出“国旗卫士 ” “ 卫国英雄中队”等一大批英模集体和个人，先后有50多个单位和个人被国务院、中央军委及武警部队授予荣誉称号。	Wang Qian, political commissar of the formation, said that the soldiers of this formation all came from the Beijing City Corps, People’s Armed Police Force, a troop with a glorious tradition. They were responsible for the guard and security of the country's founding ceremony and the series of national congress of the Party, and for countering terrorism and safeguarding stability in the capital. They have also produced a great number of exemplary groups and individuals, including "National Flag Guardians" and the "National Guardian Hero Squadron." More than 50 groups and individuals were granted honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission, and the Armed Police Force.
庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年外国专家招待会举行 韩正出席并致辞	Chinese Vice Premier Han Zheng attends and addresses a reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年外国专家招待会27日晚在人民大会堂举行，中共中央政治局常委、国务院副总理韩正出席并致辞。	Chinese Vice Premier Han Zheng, also a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, attended and addressed a reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on September 27th.
韩正首先代表中国政府，代表习近平主席，向所有关心、支持、参与中国改革开放和现代化建设的外国专家和国际友人，表示衷心感谢并致以诚挚问候。	Vice Premier Han Zheng attended the reception and conveyed thanks and regards on behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping to all foreign experts and international friends for their care and support for China's reform, opening up and modernization drive.
韩正说，新中国成立以来，特别是改革开放40多年来，中国共产党团结带领全国各族人民披荆斩棘、奋发图强，成功走出了一条中国特色社会主义道路，迎来了从站起来、富起来到强起来的伟大飞跃。	Han Zheng said that after the founding of the PRC, especially in the 40 years after China's reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China has united the Chinese people of all ethnic groups to overcome all difficulties and go all out to achieve success and has embarked on the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The Chinese nation has therefore achieved a tremendous transformation — it has stood up, grown rich, and become strong.
党的十八大以来，以习近平同志为核心的党中央，统筹推进“五位一体”总体布局，协调推进“四个全面”战略布局，推动党和国家事业取得历史性成就、发生历史性变革，中国特色社会主义进入了新时代。	Ever since the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Party Central Committee led by President Xi Jinping has implemented the five-sphere integrated plan and the four-pronged comprehensive strategy, so that the Party and the country could have historic achievements and historic shifts and socialism with Chinese characteristics could cross the threshold into a new era.
新中国70年的发展成就，是中国各族人民不懈奋斗的结果，也凝结着外国专家的辛勤劳动。	China's progress in the past seven decades was the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and the hard work by foreign experts.
70年来，大批外国专家来到中国，与中国人民共同投身现代化建设事业，作出了不可磨灭的贡献，中国人民永远不会忘记。	In the past 70 years, many foreign experts have come to China and support China's modernization drive along with the Chinese people. Their contributions are valuable and will never be forgotten by the Chinese people.
韩正指出，中国发展已站在新的历史起点上，中国人民正在为决胜全面建成小康社会、夺取新时代中国特色社会主义伟大胜利、实现中华民族伟大复兴的中国梦不懈奋斗。	Han pointed out that China now stands at a new historical starting point in its development. The Chinese people are now securing a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, striving for the great success of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and working tirelessly to realize the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation.
中国将坚持“发展是第一要务，人才是第一资源，创新是第一动力 ” ， 大力实施创新驱动发展战略，推动经济高质量发展。	China will continue to pursue development as the Party's top priority, talent as the most important resource and innovation as the primary force driving development. The country will carry out the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
人是最具创新活力的因素，中国将加快培养造就一大批具有国际水平的战略科技人才、科技领军人才、青年科技人才和高水平创新团队。	China will support innovation by small and medium-sized enterprises and encourage the application of advances in science and technology, as the people is the most creative and energetic factor.
韩正表示，中国的事业是得到世界人民支持的事业，是向世界开放学习的事业，是同世界各国合作的事业。	Han stressed that China's cause is supported by people all around the world. It learns from the world and requires cooperation with the world.
中国将以更加开放包容的姿态，虚心向世界各国人民学习，坚定实施更加积极、更加开放、更加有效的人才引进政策。	China will be more open and inclusive, always stand ready to learn from the world, and bring in more talents with a more proactive, open and effective policy.
我们诚挚欢迎越来越多的外国专家来华创新创业，欢迎世界各地英才俊杰参与中国现代化建设，为推动构建人类命运共同体、为世界和平发展和人类进步事业作出更大贡献。	We sincerely welcome more foreign experts to China to spark innovation and pursue successful careers. We also welcome the talents from all over the world to be part of our modernization drive and make even greater contribution to building a community with a shared future for mankind, to world peace and development and to human progress.
刘鹤、杨洁篪、陈希、张春贤、肖捷、万钢出席招待会。	Chinese Vice-Premier Liu He, Members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee Yang Jiechi and Chenxi, Vice Chairman of the 13th National People's Congress (NPC) Zhang Chunxian, State Councilor Xiao Jie and Vice Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) National Committee Wan Gang attended the reception.
招待会由科技部部长王志刚主持。	The reception was chaired by Wang Zhigang, China's Minister of Science and Technology.
出席招待会的有长期在华工作的外国老专家，在华工作的外国专家代表及配偶，中央和国家机关有关部门、北京市的负责同志，共约1800人。	There were about 1,800 participants in the reception, including old foreign experts who have worked in China for a long time, foreign experts working in China and their spouses, comrades from departments in Beijing and departments of Party and government bodies.
我国铁路最深竖井主井掘进到底。	The digging of the country's deepest railway shaft is finished.
新华社昆明9月27日电（记者丁怡全）据中铁隧道局集团有限公司消息，我国铁路第一长隧 — — 大（理）瑞（丽）铁路高黎贡山隧道1号竖井主井27日成功掘进到底，井深762.59米打破了国内铁路竖井最深纪录。	Xinhua News, Kunming, September 27 (Reporter Ding Yiquan): According to China Railway Tunnel Group, the main shaft of Shaft No. 1 of the country's longest tunnel, namely the Gaoligongshan Tunnel of the Dali-Ruili railway was successfully completed on the 27th. With its depth of 762.59 meters, it hits the record for the country's deepest shaft.
在隧道施工中，竖井能起到改善隧道通风、提高出碴效率、保障施工安全等作用。	During tunnel construction, the shaft serves various purposes such as improving ventilation, efficiency of excavating, and safety of construction.
中铁隧道局大瑞项目部竖井工区总工程师宋涛说 ： “ 高黎贡山隧道1号竖井主井成功掘进到底后，将有助于推进施工井底车场建设，为后期施工正洞、平导打开多个工作面，加快整个高黎贡山隧道施工进度 。 ”	Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Darui Project of China Railway Tunnel Group, said, "The completion of the main shaft of Shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel will help us advance the construction of the shaft bottom, open up working faces for the main tunnel and the parallel guide, and thereby speed up the entire project."
宋涛介绍，高黎贡山隧道1号竖井施工采用凿井法，配备了凿井井架、凿井稳车、凿井绞车、整体移动金属模板、FJD-6A型伞钻、中心回转抓岩机等大型专业化机械，形成了机械化开挖系统、出碴系统、悬吊系统、绞车提升系统等“四系一体”的机械化流水线，实现了打眼、爆破、出碴、模板安装、混凝土浇筑等全流程机械化作业，大大加快了施工进度。	Song Tao said, when sinking Shaft No. 1 for Gaoligongshan Tunnel, they had large professional equipment such as shaft sinking winches, hoists, monolithic metal templates, FJD-6A umbrella drill, and the grab loader, forming a mechanical streamline that brings together the excavation system, mucking system, suspension system, and winch system, etc., and mechanizing the whole process including hole drilling, blasting, excavation, template installation, concreting, which greatly speeded up the project.
据了解，大瑞铁路东起大理，西至瑞丽，全长约331公里，设计时速140公里，是中缅国际铁路通道的重要组成部分。	Starting from Dali in the east and reaching Ruili in the west, Darui Railway will be 331 km long with a design speed of 140 km/h, making it an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway.
高黎贡山隧道全长34.538千米，是我国铁路第一长隧。	The 34.538 km length of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel makes it the country's longest railway tunnel.
电视剧《猎狐》实地取景 再现一线经侦干警风采	Filmed on location, TV series "Fox Hunt" represents the commitments of the frontline economic crime investigators
跨国追逃经侦题材剧集《猎狐》近日在天津机场实地取景，王凯、王鸥等演员现场拍摄押送在逃经济犯罪嫌疑人回国归案等重要戏份，拍摄过程获中国南方航空公司支持。	On-site shooting of TV series "Fox Hunt" themed with the international manhunt of economic criminals has kicked off recently at Tianjin Airport. Wang Kai, Wang Ou and other actors filmed some important scenes such as escorting the fugitive economic criminal suspects back to China. The course of filming was supported by China Southern Airlines.
《猎狐》剧组此次在机场拍摄了最能展现“猎狐行动”执法成果的关键戏码 — — 猎狐行动队队员追缉逃犯回国，押下飞机、签署逮捕令等。	At the airport, the Fox Hunt crew has filmed the key episode that best demonstrates the enforcement of Operation Fox Hunt---the Fox Hunt team members in pursuit of fugitives return to the motherland, escorting the fugitives off the aircraft and signing the arrest warrants, etc.
剧组取景了停机坪、海关边检及飞机客舱、舱门等多组镜头，再现了中国一线经侦干警和猎狐英雄们多国飞行，缉捕在逃罪犯的艰辛历程与职业风采。	The crew has filmed many scenes such as parking aprons, custom inspections, aircraft cabins and hatch doors, reliving the hard journey and professional demeanor of Chinese frontline economic investigative police and fox-hunt heroes who had flown over many countries in hunt for the fugitive criminals.
为圆满完成此次拍摄 ， 《 猎狐》主创团队进行了大量的前期准备工作，反复确认了每一个执行细节，确保呈现出最真实最直击人心的视觉效果。	In order to successfully complete the shoot, the main creators of Fox Hunt have carried out a lot of preparatory works, repeatedly confirming every executive detail to ensure the most authentic and striking visual effects.
据悉，该剧还会在国外多地取景拍摄。	It is reported that the play will be also filmed at many places abroad.
越南要抓好人工智能发展的机会。	Vietnam should take advantage of AI to boost the economy.
用来评估和排名各城市面对AI浪潮准备水平的4条标准包括前景、实现能力，资产基础和发展方向。	In terms of the level of preparation for the coming of AI, cities were ranked based on four key criteria, including the prospect, the execution ability; the asset base and the development trajectory.
新加坡市排名第一，其次是英国、美国、法国、瑞典、荷兰、德国和澳大利亚等各国的城市。	Singapore was ranked top one among all, followed by cities in the UK, the US, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Oliver Wyman组织专家替莫辛·培万讷回答记者采访时表示 ： “ 在回顾和评估越南河内和胡志明市等城市时，我觉得非常有意义。	Timocine Pervane, an expert from Oliver Wyman Forum, said in an interview that "Reviewing and assessing Vietnamese cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City was meaningful.
总体来说，我认为在增长速度高、经济发展道路强、人才基础也快速发展的背景下，越南的未来十分明亮。	Generally speaking, I believe that with a high growth rate, significant economic development and growing skilled workers, Vietnam has a bright prospect.
我认为越南走上了正确的道路，并且做得很好。	I believe Vietnam is on the right track towards the AI age.
重要的是越南应知道如何利用第四次工业革命带来的机会来推动经济更为发展 。 ”	It is important for the country to take advantage of changes produced by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to further boost its economic development."
人工智能正在完全改变人们的工作、交流和生活方式。	AI is now changing how people work, communicate and live.
它带来了更高的效率，但也产生加剧社会、经济和技术不平等的威胁。	It brings not only higher efficiency, but also threats such as social, economic and technological inequality.
然而，根据Oliver Wyman组织的一项全球研究，当今世界上惟有任何城市为人工智能时代带来的突破做好准备。	However, a research from Oliver Wyman showed that cities around the world were all prepared for the breakthroughs brought by the AI age.
古特雷斯表示，很高兴在此共同庆祝中国成立70周年，他对中国政府与人民在过去70年里取得的令人印象深刻的成就表示祝贺。	Guterres expressed himself delighted to celebrate the 70th anniversary of China here. He sent his congratulations on the impressive achievements that the Chinese government and people have made in the past 70 years.
古特雷斯说 ： “ 每次我访问中国，我都为其改变和进步的速度而震惊。	Guterres said: “Every time I visit China, I would be surprised at how quickly it has changed and improved”.
你们创造了全球最有活力的经济体之一，并帮助超过8.5亿人脱离贫困 — — 这是历史上最大的扶贫成就 。 ”	You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and relieved the poverty of more than 850 million people — — this is the greatest accomplishment of poverty alleviation in the history.
他表示，在实现千年发展目标的愿景方面，中国见证了变革性的成果：婴儿和孕产妇的死亡率下降，营养得到改善、发育迟缓人口减少，无法获得安全饮用水和卫生设施的人减少了一半。	He indicated that China has witnessed revolutionary achievements in terms of the realization of its Millennium Development Goals: the death rate of infants and pregnant and lying-in women decreased, the nutrition was improved, the population suffering from developmental retardation decreased, and the number of people who cannot get access to the safe drinking water was reduced by half.
同时，中国拥有世界上最优秀的教育体系之一，吸引了来自世界各地的国际学生前往	At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students all around the world.
庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年图片展今天在纽约联合国总部开幕。	The picture exhibition for celebrating the 70th anniversary of the People's Republic of China will be opened at the headquarters of the UN in New York today.
古特雷斯表示，今年也是联合国驻华40周年。	Guterres said that this year is also the 40th anniversary of the UN in China.
在过去40年里，中国是联合国工作的关键参与者，成为国际合作和多边主义的支柱。	During the past 40 years, China has played a crucial part in the work of UN, becoming the backbone of the international cooperation and multilateralism.
在推动落实千年发展目标之后，中国正积极落实2030年可持续发展议程。	After boosting and implementing the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
作为联合国常规预算和维持和平预算的第二大捐助国，中国一直是确保联合国开展活动保持稳定的伙伴。	As the second largest donor country to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the UN, China has remained as the partner to maintain stability of the activities implemented by the UN.
中国向八个维和特派团派遣了部队，其中包括在南苏丹执行任务的一千多名“蓝盔”士兵。	China has dispatched troops to eight United Nations Missions in Sudan, including more than one thousand “Blue Berets” soldiers who are carrying our tasks at the south of Sudan.
古特雷斯表示 ， “ 在联合国即将成立75周年之际，我们需要重新建立全球伙伴关系，以支持应对全球危机的多边解决方案。	Guterres said, “On the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the UN, we need to rebuild the global partnership to support the multilateral solutions to the global crisis.
我期待中国的继续承诺和参与，为所有人建立更美好世界 。 ”	I am looking forward to China’s promise and participation as usual, which would build a better world for everyone”.
中国国务委员兼外交部长王毅表示， 70年来，中国人民艰苦奋斗，创造出前所未有的发展契机。	Yi Wang, the State Councilor and Foreign Minister of China, said that Chinese people have worked hard for 70 years and created the unprecedented development opportunities.
70年来，中国人民始终与世界同行。	Chinese people have always moved forward together with the world for 70 years.
中国的成就不仅是中国的成就，更是世界、人类的成就。	The achievements of China do not only belong to itself but also to the world and entire human race.
此次图片展讲述了中国人民的奋斗历程，取得的辉煌成就和为世界做出的贡献。	The picture exhibition tells the history of Chinese people’s struggle, their great achievements and contributions to the world.
联合国新闻图片/张立	The News Pictures of the UN / Li Zhang
国务委员兼外长王毅正在阅读有关联合国可持续发展的报告。	Yi Wang, the State Councilor and Foreign Minister, was reading the report regrading to the UN sustainable development.
这里有民族团结的故事，中国的民族区域自治政策取得了巨大的成就，不管是天山南北的新疆，还是雪域高原的西藏。	Here comes the story of national unity and great accomplishments in the national autonomy policy of China, no matter it is Xinjiang where the Mount Tianshan is located or Tibet on the snow-covered plateau.
经济快速发展，社会祥和稳定，人民安居乐业 。	The development of economics is fast. The society is harmonious and stable. People live and work in peace and contentment.
王毅表示，图片展还讲述了中国人民建设生态文明的故事，有和平发展的故事，有发展“一带一路”倡议的故事，有孕育命运共同体的故事。	Yi Wang said that the picture also tells the story of Chinese people’s establishment of the ecological civilization, including the stories of the peaceful development, the development of the “Belt and Road” Initiative, and the nurture of the community of shared future for mankind.
就像中国国家主席习近平所说，绿水青山就是金山银山。	As the President of China Jinping Xi said, clear waters and green mountains are invaluable assets.
经过不断的努力，中国走上了绿色发展之路。	Through the ongoing efforts, China has stepped on the road of green development.
中国奉行和平外交政策，积极与世界各国建立外交关系，为解决热点问题发挥作用，成为世界和平的中坚力量。	China pursues the peaceful foreign policy to actively establish diplomatic relations with various countries around the world and play a part in solving the front-burner problems, becoming the backbone force for the world peace.
面对世界百年未有的大变局，中国积极维护以联合国为核心的国际体系。	Facing the revolutionary changes that have not occurred in the world for a century, China actively maintains the international system that keeps the UN as the core.
走过70年，中国正青春、昂扬、风华正茂，无论国际风云如何变化，我们都将坚持自己的初心。	Having gone through 70 years, China is young, spirited and vigorous. We will keep our original aspiration no matter how international environment changes.
王毅会见马拉维外交部长卡塞拉	Wang Yi Meets with Foreign Minister Kasaila of Malawi
当地时间26日，国务委员兼外长王毅在纽约出席联合国大会期间会见马拉维外长卡塞拉。	On 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Foreign Minister Kasaila of Malawi on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
王毅表示，中马建交12年来，两国关系健康稳定发展，各领域交流合作稳步推进。	Wang Yi said, the relations between China and Malawi have enjoyed sound development, with stable progress in exchanges and cooperation in various areas since the two countries established diplomatic relations 12 years ago.
去年，习近平主席邀请穆塔里卡总统来华出席中非合作论坛北京峰会，两国元首举行了富有成果的会晤，引领中马关系迈上新台阶。	Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state had a fruitful meeting, bringing China-Malawi relations to a new height.
中方愿同马方一道，继续落实好两国元首重要共识和中非合作论坛北京峰会成果，推动两国务实合作进一步发展。	The Chinese side stands ready to work with the Malawian side to continue to well implement the important consensus reached by the two heads of state and the outcomes of the Beijing Summit, and promote practical cooperation between the two countries.
中方愿同马方加强在国际事务中的沟通协作，维护好双方的共同利益和中非关系大局。	The Chinese side is willing to strengthen communication and coordination with the Malawian side in international affairs and safeguard the common interests of both sides as well as the overall picture of China-Africa relations.
卡塞拉表示，中国是马拉维和非洲国家的真正朋友，中国的发展惠及了马拉维人民。	Kasaila said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development brings benefits to the Malawian people.
马方坚持一个中国政策，感谢中方给予马拉维的支持和帮助。	The Malawian side adheres to the One China policy and is grateful for the support and assistance of the Chinese side to Malawi.
马方期待马中关系进一步发展，欢迎更多中方企业赴马投资兴业。	The Malawian side looks forward to the further development of Malawi-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises' investment in Malawi.
约8亿人次国庆出游折射中国旅游供需两旺	About 800 million people to travel in the National Day holiday reflect the booming supply and demand of China's tourism industry
约8亿人次将在即将到来的“十一”黄金周出游！	About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming "National Day" Golden Week!
多家旅游平台大数据显示，我国旅游消费市场供需两繁荣。	Big data from a number of tourism platforms shows that the supply and demand in China's tourism consumption market are booming.
携程国庆旅游报告预测，参照往年国庆旅游统计数据，预计今年国庆假期国内旅游人次将接近8亿；另外还将有超过750万人次出境旅游。	The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that with reference to the previous National Day tourism statistics, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during the National Day holiday this year will be close to 800 million; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
目前，有来自500多个城市的旅游者通过该平台预订跟团游、自由行、定制旅游、当地玩乐等产品，涉及100个国家和地区。	At present, there are tourists from more than 500 cities booking package tours, self-guided tours, customized tours, local entertainment and other products on the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
据中国旅游研究院测算，去年国庆假期全国共接待国内游客7.26亿人次，同比增长9.43 ％ 。	According to the estimation by the China Tourism Research Institute, a total of 726 million Chinese tourists travelled across the country during last year's National Day holiday, a year-on-year increase of 9.43%.
今年国庆假期不仅游客数量将再创新高，消费升级也将成为国庆假期出游的“主旋律 ” 。	Not only will the number of tourists climb up to a new height this year during the National Day holiday, but also the consumption upgrade will become the "main theme" of tourism in the National Day holiday.
携程报告称，国庆假期国内跨省旅游人均花费超过3000元，较去年同期增加，这是由于游客普遍选择了体验更好的产品，例如高评分品牌酒店、无购物旅游团、精致小团、专车专导等。	Ctrip reports noted that the national per capita cost of cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday was more than 3,000 Yuan, an increase from the same period last year, as tourists generally chose products with better experience, such as high-rated brand hotels, non-shopping tour groups, exquisite private groups, special designated vehicles and guidance etc.
驴妈妈旅游网预订数据显示类似趋势，国内长线中全程使用舒适车型、十人以下的“私享团”比往年更受欢迎。	A similar trend was also shown by Lvmama's booking data, as for the domestic long-distance travel, a "private deluxe tour" entertaining no more than 10 tourists with comfortable vehicles serving throughout the journey is becoming more popular than in previous years.
春秋旅游数据显示，其消费者更青睐重体验、重服务、重差异化的“从容慢行 ” 。	The Spring and Autumn Tourism's data has indicated that its consumers prefer the "easy and slow" tour with emphasis on experience, service quality and differentiation.
飞猪数据则显示，我国四线及以下城市游客预订量增长最快，同比增速达到30 % ， 折射国内更多地区居民消费升级。	According to the data from Flying Pigs, gross bookings from tourists in the cities of the fourth tier and below have seen the fastest growth, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the consumption upgrade of household residents in more regions of the country.
个性化是今年“十一”黄金周旅游的一大特色。	Personalization is a major feature of the "National Day" Golden Week tourism this year.
携程数据显示，国庆假期租车自驾游订单预计同比增长近60 % ， 探秘周边小众线路的短途自驾游持续受到热捧；私家团的报名人数同比增长高达155 % 。	According to Ctrip data, car-rental orders for self-driven tours during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year, and short-distance self-driven tours to explore the surrounding niche routes continue to gain popularity; the number of private deluxe tour registrants has increased by 155% year-on-year.
共享欢乐成为人们旅游休闲的主要目的。	Sharing the happiness has become the main purpose of people's travel and recreation activities.
携程数据显示，国庆假期游客中有28%是亲子客群，25%是情侣出游，23%是同事朋友共游。	Ctrip data showed that 28 percent of National Day holiday tourists are parents and children, 25 percent are couples, and 23 percent are colleagues and friends.
另从游客年龄来看 ， “ 80后”和“90后”占到游客总量的五成以上。	In terms of the tourist's age, more than 50 percent of them are born in the 1980s and 1990s.
值得关注的是，与以往黄金周出境游增长更迅速不同的是，今年国内游市场表现更“抢眼 ” 。	It is noteworthy that, unlike the faster growth of outbound travels during the past Golden Weeks, the domestic travel market has shown a more "eye-catching" performance this year.
飞猪数据显示，今年国庆假期预订国内文旅线路的人数同比增长了42 % ， 增速超过出境游。	The number of people booking domestic cultural tourism routes during National Day holidays this year has increased 42 per cent year on year, outpacing the growth of outbound travel, according to data from Flying Pigs.
业界分析，在需求旺盛的同时，全国各地推动旅游供给侧改革，为游客提供更为丰富的“文旅盛筵 ” 。	Industry analysis believes that while the demand goes strong, reforms on the tourism supply side will be carried out all over the country in order to bring tourists a richer diversity of "cultural tourism feasts."
例如，国家体育总局、文化和旅游部日前联合发布“2019年十一黄金周体育旅游精品线路 ” ； 正在举办的2019年上海旅游节推出7个板块100项文化和旅游活动吸引中外游客参与；临近黄金周，河南、浙江、湖南、山东等多个省份出台景区门票降价或免费措施。	For example, the General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly released the "2019 Golden Week Sports Tourism Quality Routes". The on-going 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival is launching seven sections with 100 cultural tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists. As the Golden Week approaches, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces have offered discounted tickets or taken free measures in scenic spots.
携程预订数据显示，国内具备独特自然风光或文化特色的目的地最“火 ” ， 重庆、武汉、杭州、西安、成都、广州、北京、上海、南京、天津将是人气最旺的国内旅游目的地城市。	Ctrip booking data has showed that destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "heated" targets in China, and Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destinations.
我国首部直播院线电影《此时此刻 — — 共庆新中国70华诞》将于10月1日在全国10余个省份的70家影院同步播出。	The country's first live movie "At this moment: Celebrating the 70th birthday of the People's Republic of China" will be broadcast on October 1 simultaneously in 70 movie theaters in more than 10 provinces all over the country.
中央广播电视总台将通过4K超高清信号，在大银幕上直播新中国成立70周年庆祝大会、阅兵和群众游行的场面。	China Media Group will broadcast live in 4K Ultra HD the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of People's Republic of China, the military parade, and mass procession on the silver screen.
中央广播电视总台负责人27日在京介绍，国庆当天，总台将搭建百余个机位，并在长安街沿线和庆祝活动区域制高点布设200余个拾音设备，利用镜头语言和同期声，首次实现全流程、全要素4K超高清及5.1环绕声直播。	China Media Group in Beijing said on the 27th that on the National Day, they would set up more than 100 camera positions, together with over 200 sound pickup devices at high vantage points along the Chang'an Avenue and in the celebration area. With camera language and synchronized sound, this will be the first whole-process all-element live broadcast in 4K Ultra HD and 5.1 surround sound.
中国有望成为澳洲最大牛肉出口市场。	China is expected to top the export market of Australian beef.
一位荷兰合作银行（Rabobank）的动物蛋白分析师表示，非洲猪瘟爆发后，中国面临严重的猪肉短缺，有望成为澳大利亚最大的牛肉出口市场。	China is on course to be Australia's largest beef export market as it has seen a severe shortage of pork supply following the outbreak of African swine fever, according to an animal protein analyst at Rabobank.
疫情爆发后，中国消费者正从食用猪肉转向其他动物蛋白，疫情使得当局销毁了许多畜群，在过去一年中，中国的生猪数量减少了一半，猪肉价格几乎翻了一番。	Chinese consumers are turning from pork diets to other animal protein in the wake of the outbreak, which has resulted in the destruction of many herds by the authorities. over the past year. The total number of live pigs in China was halved and the pork price was nearly doubled.
中国生产和消费世界三分之二的猪肉。	China holds two thirds of the total pork production and consumption in the world.
荷兰合作银行中国区的高级动物蛋白分析师潘晨军（Chenjun Pan，音译）表示，对包括牛肉在内的其他肉类的需求有所增加，世界最大的动物蛋白进口国中国目前的猪肉进口量占世界的27 ％ ， 牛肉进口量占世界的24 ％ 。	Pan Chenjun, a senior animal protein analyst at Rabobank in China, said that there is an increase in the demand for other meat, including beef. China, the world's largest importer of animal proteins, accounts for 27 percent of global pork imports and 24 percent of beef imports in the world.
潘女士说，今年上半年，中国从澳大利亚进口的牛肉增加了65 % ， 中国超过美国和日本，成为澳大利亚最大的牛肉出口市场。	Ms. Pan said China's beef imports from Australia have risen by 65 percent in the first half of the year, beating the United States and Japan to become the largest importer of Austrailian beef.
昨天，中国政府表示，将在庆祝中国共产党执政70周年之前，从应急储备中释放更多猪肉。	Yesterday, the Chinese government acknowledged that it would release more pork from its emergency reserve prior to the 70th anniversary celebrating the Chinese Communist party's coming into power.
白皮书：中国始终把自身发展置于人类发展的坐标系中	White paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
白皮书说，中国始终把自身发展置于人类发展的坐标系中，始终把自身命运与世界各国人民命运紧密相连。	The white paper said that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with the destiny of people around the world.
白皮书说，中国以自身发展促进世界和平与发展。	China has promoted world peace and development through its own development, the white paper said.
作为世界上最大的发展中国家，中国坚定不移走好自己的路，集中力量办好自己的事，让国家更富强、人民更幸福，为复杂多变的世界注入稳定性和确定性，这本身就是对世界和平与发展的最大贡献。	As the largest developing country in the world, China will unswervingly follow its own path and concentrate its efforts on running its own affairs to make the country stronger and its people happier and inject stability and certainty into a complex and volatile world; this in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
新时代的中国，将在习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想指引下，继续坚定不移走中国特色社会主义道路。	In the new era, China will continue to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era.
中国始终把以经济建设为中心作为兴国之要，坚定不移走高质量发展之路，贯彻创新、协调、绿色、开放、共享的新发展理念，加快建设现代化经济体系，更好满足人民日益增长的美好生活需要。	China has always taken economic development as the central task to rejuvenate the country, unswervingly pursued high-quality development, implemented a new developing vision of innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development, and accelerated the building of a modern economic system to better meet the growing needs of the people for a better life.
让老百姓过上好日子，始终是中国发展的最大目标。	Ensuring a better life for the people has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
中国军队始终是世界和平的坚定捍卫者。	The Chinese military has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
白皮书指出，中国坚持合作共赢、共同发展。	The white paper pointed out that China is committed to win-win cooperation and common development.
“中国人民不仅希望自己过上好日子，也希望其他国家人民过上好日子 。 ”	"The Chinese people not only want to have a good life for themselves, but also hope that people in other countries have a good life."
中国坚持发展创新、增长联动、利益融合，推动共建“一带一路”高质量发展，促进全球减贫与发展事业。	China adheres to development and innovation, interconnected growth and integration of interests, drives the joint efforts in pursuit of the "Belt and Road" high-quality development, and promotes the global cause of poverty reduction and development.
白皮书说，中国坚定维护和推动经济全球化。	The white paper said that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
中国是经济全球化的积极参与者，也是坚定支持者。	China is an active participant and firm supporter of economic globalization.
中国愿与国际社会一道，主动作为，加强引导，让经济全球化进程更有活力、更加包容、更可持续。	China is ready to work with the international community to take the initiative and strengthen guidance to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
中国将实施更加积极主动的开放战略，创造更全面、更深入、更多元的对外开放格局，实现更广泛的互利共赢，以实际行动维护和推动经济全球化。	China will implement a more proactive open-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, deeper, and more diversified pattern of opening up to the outside world, achieve a greater mutual benefit and win-win results, and maintain and promote economic globalization with concrete actions.
中国坚决反对单边主义、保护主义，对外开放的大门将越开越大，加快推进区域经济一体化，继续推动人民币国际化。	China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism, opens wider and wider to the outside world, accelerates regional economic integration, and continues to promote the internationalization of the Chinese yuan.
白皮书指出，中国坚定支持多边主义，维护国际公平正义。	The white paper pointed out that China firmly supports multilateralism and safeguards international fairness and justice.
中国将一如既往地坚定维护以联合国为核心的国际体系，坚定维护以《联合国宪章》宗旨和原则为核心的国际秩序，同各国一道，坚守多边主义，反对单边主义。	China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations at its core and the international order with the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter at its core and work with other countries to uphold multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
维护公平正义是中国处理国际问题的基本准则。	Upholding fairness and justice is China's basic principle in dealing with international issues.
中国尊重各国人民自主选择的发展道路和社会制度，尊重各国主权和领土完整，反对外部势力干涉他国内政。	China respects the development path and social system independently determined by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of each country, and opposes any interference of other countries by external forces in internal affairs.
中国绝不把自己的意志强加于人，也绝不允许任何人把他们的意志强加于中国人民。	China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
白皮书说，中国积极参与引领全球治理体系改革和建设。	The white paper said that China has played an active role in leading the reform and development of the global governance system.
中国作为负责任大国，始终坚持权利和义务相平衡，不仅看到中国发展对世界的要求，也看到国际社会对中国的期待，积极参与全球治理体系改革和建设。	As a big country of responsibility, China has always maintained a balance between its rights and obligations, which not only has seen what China's development requires of the world, but also what the international community expects of China.bChina has taken an active part in the reform and development of the global governance system.
中国积极支持联合国进行改革，推动联合国在思想理念、机构设置、运行模式等方面更好适应全球治理的新要求，更好履行《联合国宪章》赋予的职责，在维护世界和平、促进共同发展中发挥更大作用。	China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, and promotes the United Nations to better meet the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, organization, modus operandi, etc., better fulfills its responsibilities entrusted by the Charter of the United Nations, and plays a major role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
中国积极推动全球治理理念创新发展，及时总结国家治理的成功实践和经验，积极发掘中华文化中积极的处世之道、治理理念同当今时代的共鸣点，努力为完善全球治理贡献中国智慧、中国方案、中国力量。	China has actively promoted the innovative development of global governance concept, promptly reviewed the successful practices and experiences in national governance, and energetically explored the positive living and governing approach in view of Chinese culture which is applicable to the current era, so as to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese solutions and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
王毅：帮助非洲实现和平安全，中国从不缺席。	Wang Yi: China has never been absent from helping Africa achieve peace and security
当地时间9月26日，国务委员兼外长王毅在纽约联合国总部出席安理会“非洲和平与安全”公开会。	On September 26th local time, Wang Yi, the State Councilor and Foreign Minister, attended the public meeting on “Peace and Security in Africa” at the headquarters of the UN Security Council in New York.
王毅在发言中表示，中国和非洲是好朋友、好兄弟、好伙伴。	In his Speech, Wang Yi expressed that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers, and good partners.
帮助非洲维护和平安全，中国从不缺席。	China has never been absent from helping Africa maintain peace and security
就在此时此刻，2000多名中国维和人员正在非洲5个联合国任务区守护和平。	At this very moment, more than 2000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five UN mission zones in Africa.
中国海军在亚丁湾、索马里海域护航已逾10年，累计完成1200余批6700余艘船舶护航任务。	The Chinese navy has been conducting escort missions in the Gulf of Aden and waters off the Somali for more than ten years, escorting over 6,700 ships in more than 1,200 missions.
王毅说，我们支持非洲加强和平安全能力。	Wang Yi Said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity of safeguarding peace and security.
习近平主席2015年9月宣布成立的“中国－联合国和平与发展基金 ” ， 将支持非洲维和、反恐、实现可持续发展作为重点，迄今已开展34个涉非项目，成为中国、非洲、联合国三方合作的新平台。	In September 2015, President Xi Jinping announced the establishment of the “China-UN peace and development fund", which will give priority to supporting peacekeeping, counterterrorism and sustainable development in Africa. 34 Africa-related projects have been launched through the fund so far, making it a new platform for trilateral cooperation between China, Africa and the UN.
在实现非洲和平发展的道路上，中国将继续坚定地与非洲站在一起，携手并肩同行。	On the way to realize the peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly and forge ahead with Africa.
世界最高龄理发师108岁去世 剪发剪了96年	The oldest barber in the world died at 108 years old, after 96 years of cutting hair.
美国纽约有位金氏世界纪录认证的全球最高龄理发师曼西内利（Anthony Mancinelli ） ， 108岁的他从未退休每日孜孜矻矻地为客人理发，不过19日曼西内利因下颚癌并发症而辞世，告别自己长达96年的剪发人生。	Anthony Mancinelli in New York, who made it into the Guinness Book of World Record for being the oldest practicing barber, had never retired and insisted on cutting hair every day until 108. He passed away due to jaw cancer on 19th and ended his 96-year career as a barber.
据《CNN》 报导，曼西内利8岁时移民到美国，没过多久就在一间理发店帮忙打扫地板，12岁时开始拿起剪刀为客人服务，藉此减轻家里的经济压力。	As ported by CNN, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States at 8 years old. He soon began sweeping floors at a barber shop, then cutting hair at 12 to help support his family.
曼西内利当时虽然有上小学，但后来没有毕业。	He attended grade school at that time but never graduated.
曼西内利的儿子罗伯特（Robert）透露，爸爸热爱工作，而来自世界各地的人们也喜欢他，不过爸爸虽然向来健康，今年2月却被诊断出罹患癌症，过世前6周终于因身体因素无法上工，但这可不是退休，因为他计画著等自己好起来还要回来剪头发。	Mancinelli’s son Robert said that Mancinelli loved his job and people around the world loved him. Mancinelli was healthy for most of his life until he was diagnosed with cancer in February of this year. About six weeks before his death, Mancinelli didn't feel well and quit working. Yet that was not retirement as he planned to return to work after recovery.
82岁罗伯特说，父亲过世后他现在必须找到一个新的理发师，因为他一生当中都是让父亲帮忙剪头发的。	Robert said that he got to find a barber now after the death of his father, who has had his hair cut by his father for all 82 years of his life.
年内上市公司回购规模超1000亿元创历史新高-新华网	Repurchases of Listed Companies Hit a Record High of Over 100 Billion Chinese Yuan - Xinhua Net
为了稳定公司股价，维护公司形象，上市公司在近两年开始频繁回购股份，通过定向回购、集合竞价交易等方式，希望将公司价值被低估这一信息传递给市场，从而稳定股价，增强投资者信心。	In the past two years, China's listed companies have conducted share repurchases frequently in order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's reputation. Through targeted repurchases and call auction, they hoped to pass on the information that the companies' value was underestimated, so as to stabilize the stock price and enhance investors' confidence.
东方财富Choice数据显示，2017年上市公司用于回购股份的资金为79亿元，在2018年猛增至510亿元，2019年以来，A股上市公司回购实施总金额已超过1000亿元，创下A股历来回购资金量的新高，并且远超此前年份。	According to Choice Data, a data brand under East Money Information Co Ltd., in 2017, listed companies repurchased their stocks at 7.9 billion yuan and the amount surged to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of share repurchases conducted by listed firms on China's A-share market has exceeded 100 billion yuan, which hit a record high and was far more than the amounts in previous years.
从回购的目的看，公司回购股份与大股东增持看似相同，但在实施主体、资金来源、回购用途、股票本身权益等方面有很大差异。	From the perspective of the purpose of repurchases, the repurchased stock of listed companies seemed to be the same as the shareholding increase of majority shareholders, but there are significant differences in many aspects, including the implementing subject, the source of funds, the purpose of repurchases and the equity of stocks.
上海迈柯荣信息咨询有限责任公司董事长徐阳在接受《证券日报》记者采访时表示，在2018年11月份出台的《关于支持上市公司回购股份的意见 》 ， 针对股份回购范围较窄、决策程序复杂、库存制度不健全等现行制度存在的问题进行了修缮，由于此前从政策面上就开始鼓励上市公司回购股份，因此当年回购股份现象大幅增加。	During the interview, Xu Yang, Chairman of Shanghai Macro Information Consulting Co, told the reporter from Securities Daily that problems such as the narrow scope of share repurchases, the complex decision-making procedures and the incomplete inventory system had been fixed in the Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies issued in November 2018. Companies showed a rising appetite for buying back their own shares that year because the policy had been encouraging listed companies to conduct share repurchases.
今年1月份，上交所、深交所正式发布《上市公司回购股份实施细则 》 ， 这些政策的出台，拓宽了上市公司回购资金来源、适当简化实施程序、引导完善治理安排，鼓励各类上市公司实施股权激励或员工持股计划。	In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the Detailed Rules for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies. The issuing of the policies helped increase sources of funds for repurchases, appropriately simplified the implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements and encouraged listed companies to conduct equity incentives or employee stock ownership plans.
意见出台后，上市公司进行股份回购的操作，具有更多适用情形，回购流程更简便，股份回购积极性也更大。	After the issuing of the Opinions, share repurchases can be conducted by listed companies under more circumstances. The repurchase process has become simpler and the appetite for buying back shares has also become bigger.
在相对较低位置回购股份，也有利于上市公司提高资金的使用效率，从而增加每股盈利水平，提高净资产收益率，减轻公司盈利指标的压力。	Repurchasing shares at a relatively low price also helps listed companies improve the efficiency of capital use, thus increasing the level of profit earned per share and the rate of return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company’s profitability indicators.
相比大股东增持，上市公司回购股份的意义更大，也体现出上市公司主动市值管理意愿和现金流充沛 。	Compared with the increase in shareholdings by major shareholders, share repurchases by listed companies has a greater significance. Additionally, it also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow.
徐阳认为，股价被低估是上市公司回购的主要因素，公司的股价已经无法反映公司未来的发展前景，因此这类公司值得投资者关注，但是不能盲目的去投资，需要关注此类上市公司的财报以及具体经营情况。	Xu Yang believed that the underestimation of stock prices was the main factor for listed companies to conduct share repurchases. The company's stock price could no longer reflect the company's future development. Therefore, such companies were worth investors' attention. However, investors should pay more attention to the financial reports and operating conditions of those listed companies instead of making an investment blindly.
有大规模回购行为的上市公司，至少表明了公司的发展信心与资金实力 。	Conducting a huge amount of share repurchases has at least showed the confidence in future development and financial power of a listed company.
A股上市公司回购热情逐渐升温，也使回购行为常态化，数据显示已经有近千家上市公司在今年实施股份回购，而且各行业的龙头公司成为回购市场的主力。	Listed firms on China's A-share market have shown a rising appetite for buying back their own shares. This helped normalize repurchase behavior. Data showed that almost 1,000 listed companies have completed their share repurchases this year. Leading companies in different industries have become the main force in the repurchase market.
中国平安近期披露回购进展称，公司通过集中竞价交易方式已累计回购A股股份5759万股，占公司总股本的0.315 % ， 已支付的资金总额合计50亿元(不含交易费用 ) ， 回购股份将全部用于员工持股计划，包括但不限于公司股东大会已审议通过的长期服务计划。	China Ping An Insurance Company disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has repurchased 57.59 million shares of A-shares through call auction, accounting for 0.315 percent of the company’s total capital stock. The total fund paid was 5 billion yuan, excluding transaction costs. The repurchased shares will all be used for employee stock ownership plans, including but not limited to the long-term service plan that has been reviewed and approved by the company's general meeting of shareholders.
伊利股份已支付57.92亿元用于股份回购，并在近期对回购股份的用途进行调整，由原计划“回购股份将全部用于作为后期实施股权激励的股票来源”变更为“累计回购1.83亿股，其中1.52亿股用于实施股权激励的股票来源，剩余3049万股将用于注销以减少注册资本 ” 。	China's dairy giant Yili has paid 5.792 billion yuan for shares repurchases and has adjusted the use of repurchase shares lately, from the original plan of "using all repurchased shares as the source of stocks for future implementation of equity incentives" to "having 183 million shares of cumulative repurchases with 152 million shares for stock incentives and 30.49 million shares for the cancellation to reduce registered capital."
伊利股份表示，将部分已回购的股份予以注销，有利于进一步提升每股收益水平，切实提高公司股东的投资回报。	Yili said that the cancellation of some of the repurchased shares would help further increase the level of profit earned per share and effectively increase the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL集团9月25日发布回购进展公告显示，TCL集团累计回购3.59%公司股份，共耗资16.5亿元。	TCL Group issued a repurchase progress announcement on September 25th, showing that TCL Group had repurchased 3.59 percent of the company’s shares with 1.65 billion yuan.
TCL集团董事会办公室对《证券日报》记者表示，回购股份将用于员工持股计划、股权激励或用于转换上市公司发行的可转换为股票的公司债券。	The office of Board of Directors of TCL Group told the Securities Daily that the repurchased shares would be used for employee stock ownership plans, equity incentives or for the conversion of convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies.
TCL集团坚持既定的经营战略，不断提高竞争力，持续健康发展。	TCL Group will adhere to the established business strategy, continue to improve its competitiveness and maintain healthy development.
基于对公司未来发展的信心和投资者利益的维护，结合公司股票近一年来的二级市场的表现，并综合考虑公司经营情况及财务状况等因素，公司计划使用自有资金、自筹资金及其他筹资方式回购公司股份 。	Based on the confidence in the company’s future development and the maintenance of investors’ interests, the company plans to conduct share repurchases with its own funds, self-raised funds and funds collected through other financing methods after reviewing the performance of the company's stock in the secondary market in the past year and taking the operating and financial conditions into consideration.
前海开源基金首席经济学家杨德龙表示，上市公司回购股票的操作，一方面可以减少市场上流通的股份数量，增加上市公司的每股收益，对于二级市场的股价是一个重要的利好；另外，上市公司愿意主动掏出真金白银，从股票市场回购股票注销，这极大提振了市场信心。	Qian Delong, Chief Economist of First Seafront Fund, said that the share repurchases of listed companies could not only significantly benefit the stock price of the secondary market by reducing the number of shares in the market and increasing the earnings per share of listed companies, but also greatly boost market confidence because listed companies would be willing to take out the real money and could buy back shares from the stock market to write off.
国内上市公司的回购在近几年逐步增加，特别是绩优股，通过股份回购来提振投资者的信心是一个非常好的途径，也是值得肯定和鼓励的做法。	The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially the repurchase of top-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share repurchases and is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
湖南省委常委、长沙市委书记胡衡华与工程机械制造湘军四大掌门 — — 詹纯新、梁稳根、何清华、刘飞香，围绕“长沙从工程机械到智能制造”立下了一个“小目标 ” — —三五年后打造世界领先水平的工程机械产业集群。	The municipal party secretary of Changsha and standing committee member of Hunan provincial party committee Hu Henghua and four leaders in the construction machinery manufacturing in Hunan — — Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, He Qinghua and Liu Feixiang, set up a “small target” about “Changsha, from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing” — — building the world-leading engineering machinery industrial cluster after three to five years.
在长沙打造世界领先水平的工程机械产业集群，用现在时髦的话来说，就是打造“地表最强 ” 。	To build the world-leading engineering machinery industrial cluster in Changsha, by using a buzzword, is to build “The Invincible.”
作为内陆省会城市，长沙喊出这一豪言壮语，底气何来？	As the inland capital city, where does its confidence for the grandiloquence come from?
凭的是霸气侧漏的实力。	It is based on the dominant strength.
此次参加对话的四家工程机械湘企，个个身手了得，涵盖天上、地下、海上、陆地全领域：山河智能的轻型飞机、中联重科的混凝土输送泵、三一重工的全地面起重机、铁建重工的隧道盾构机，其“硬实力”可谓独步天下、傲视群雄。	The four engineering machinery enterprises involved in this conversation are all powerful, covering all the fields of air, land and sea: SUNWARD’s light aircraft, Zoomlion’s concrete pump, Sany Heavy Industry’s all-terrain crane, and Railway Construction Heavy Industry’s shield tunneling machine for tunnel. Its “hard power” is unparalleled in the world.
曾几何时，中国在工程机械制造领域基本没有话语权。	Once upon a time, China barely had a voice in the field of construction machinery manufacturing
时移世易，中国企业“引进来 ” “ 走出去”双轮驱动，搭乘“一带一路”倡议的东风，收购、合并、设厂等多措并举，一跃成为全球工程机械行业的翘楚。	Times have changed since Chinese enterprises “brought in” and ”went out” the dual-wheel drive and took many measures including purchase, merging and building of factories with the help of the implementation of “the Belt and Road,” which made China become outstanding in the industry of engineering machinery.
其中，三一重工、中联重科、铁建重工、山河智能等工程机械领军企业，其产值、市场占有率、销售等主要经济指标，已大幅领先同类企业。	Among them, the leading enterprises in the engineering machinery industry, such as Sany Heavy Industry, Zoomlion, Railway Construction Heavy Industry and SUNWARD, have preceded other similar enterprises in major economic indicators including production value, market share and sales.
凭的是相机而动的时势驾驭。	It is based on the observation of various situations at different times.
工程机械湘军“四大金刚 ” ， 是长沙工程机械产业集群的佼佼者，也是全球工程机械产业的头部企业。	The “Four Devarajas” of engineering machinery of Hunan are the star performers of the engineering machinery industrial cluster in Changsha and the leading enterprises of the global engineering machinery industry.
在全球产业的江湖中，谁活得下来，并且活得好，才是说话的硬气所在。	In the global industry, who can survive and live well will have a voice with confidence.
早些年，全球工程机械行业遭遇寒冬，不少国际知名工程机械制造企业纷纷倒了下去，但长沙的工程机械制造企业把“猫冬”当“冬泳 ” ， 自加压力，自我突破，通过产业结构转型，由制造向智造转变，不仅挺了过去，而且身子骨更加强健。	During the early years, the engineering machinery industry in the world was in recession. Many famous international enterprises in construction machinery manufacturing went bankrupt. Yet the construction machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha took this recession as a drill by adding pressure to themselves for self-breakthrough. Through the industrial structural transformation, they survived the recession and became more prosperous by transforming manufacturing into intelligent manufacturing.
凭的是众星捧月的政企同给力。	It is based on the cooperation between the government and enterprises.
发展优势产业，既需要企业积极进取，也需要政府积极作为。	The development of competitive industries needs not only the enterprises’ efforts but also the government’s actions.
长沙之所以拥有“工程机械之都”的美誉，就在于汇聚了从上游到下游的全产业链，打造了诸多关联产业集群，并通过优化营商环境、完善配套服务、简化审批流程等放管服举措，企业的研发、制造、销售成本大为降低。	The reason why Changsha has a good reputation of “Capital of Engineering Machinery” is that it created a top-down full industry chain to build a number of correlated industrial clusters. By implementing many regulations and services such as optimizing business environments, improving the supporting service and simplifying approval processes, the cost of enterprises’ development, production and sales has been considerably reduced.
良好的营商生态，让工程机械制造企业纷至沓来。	The good ecosystem of business makes many enterprises of construction machinery manufacturing come into being.
历史已经将长沙推向了打造全球工程机械领先水平的前台，时不我待，当仁不让。	The history has promoted Changsha to the position for building the world-leading engineering machinery. Time waits for no man, and it is time to make a difference.
无论是政府，还是企业，乃至与之相关的产学研商等环节，都应当抢抓机遇，顺势而上，咬定目标，持续发力，为建设制造强国贡献湖南力量。	No matter the government, enterprises or even the relevant production research, should seize and take advantage of the opportunity, focus on the target, and keep on making efforts to contribute the strength from Hunan to building the manufacturing power.
王毅主持中国和安理会非洲成员国外长会。	Wang Yi presided over the Foreign Ministers’ Meeting between China and the African Member States of the Security Council.
王毅表示，中国同非洲国家是好兄弟、好伙伴。	Wang Yi expressed that China and Africans countries are good brothers and partners.
无论是过去、现在还是未来，中国都与非洲兄弟坚定地站在一起。	China has always stood firmly with African brothers, no matter it is the past, present or future.
我们倡导举行此一外长会，是落实习近平主席同非洲国家领导人在去年9月中非合作论坛北京峰会上达成的重要共识的具体举措，是为了加强中国同非洲国家在安理会的团结协作，是为了推动国际社会更好支持非洲实现和平与发展。	We propose this Foreign Ministers’ Meeting to implement the specific initiatives of important consensus that President Xi Jinping and leaders of African countries have reached at Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation on September last year, to strengthen the unity and coordination between China and African countries at the Security Council, and to promote international society to better support the realization of peace and development in Africa.
王毅表示，非洲是中国最重要、最信赖的合作伙伴。	Wang Yi expressed that Africa has been China’s most significant and trusted partner.
作为常任理事国，中国在安理会的这一票始终属于包括非洲国家在内的广大发展中国家。	As a permanent member state, China at the Security Council always votes with a wide variety of developing nations including African countries.
面对新形势，中国愿在安理会同非洲国家一道，加强团结协作，维护共同利益。	In the face of the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries at the Security Council to strengthen unity and coordination and safeguard common interests.
双方应靠团结出力量，靠协商解纷争，靠自立谋自强，靠发展治根本。	Both sides should band together to build up strength, mediate in the dispute by negotiation, realize self-improvement by self-reliance, and deal with essential issues through development.
与会非洲成员国外长感谢中方倡议召开此次会议，祝贺新中国成立70周年。	The Foreign Ministers of African Member States who participated in the Meeting thanked the Chinese side for having brought them together and offered congratulations on the 70th anniversary of New China.
外长们表示，非中关系建立在平等和相互尊重的基础之上，非洲和中国始终互为最可信赖和最可倚重的伙伴。	The Foreign Ministers expressed that the relationship between Africa and China is based on equality and mutual respect, and they have always been the trusted and most reliable partners for each other.
非方赞赏中国作为安理会常任理事国在非洲事务上发挥重要积极作用，有力促进了非洲问题的公正合理解决，为维护非洲利益、促进非洲和平安全做出巨大努力和贡献。	The African side appreciated that China, as a permanent member state of the Security Council, has played an important and positive role in African affairs, effectively promoting the fair and rational solution to African issues and making great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and facilitating the peace and security in Africa
当前非洲面临恐怖主义和极端主义威胁，只有解决安全问题，非洲才能真正实现长期和平发展。	At present, Africa faces the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving the security issues can Africa truly realize a long-term peaceful development.
期待与中国在安理会进一步协调立场，加强团结合作。	Looking forward to further coordinating the stances and increasing the solidarity and cooperation with China at the Security Council.
王毅表示，今天的会议达成了重要共识。	Wang Yi said that an important consensus had been reached at today’s meeting.
我们都支持维护多边主义，加强联合国权威和作用，维护联合国宪章宗旨和原则，反对单边主义和霸凌行径；我们都同意加强中非在联合国和安理会事务中的相互支持合作，维护中非及广大发展中国家共同利益；我们都支持非洲国家以非洲方式解决非洲问题，要求联合国为非洲自主和平行动提供资金支持；我们都支持“合作促发展、发展促和平”理念，帮助非洲国家实现自主可持续发展；我们都坚定维护发展中国家合法权益，反对任何国家为发展中国家制造障碍、剥夺实现发展的权利。	We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, the reinforcement of the authority and role of the UN, the maintenance of the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, and the opposition to unilateralism and bullying; We all agree to strengthen the mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the UN and Security Council, and to safeguard the common interests of China and Africa, as well as other developing countries; We all support that African countries should solve their problems in their own way, and request the financial support from the UN for the independent peace operations of Africa; We all support the idea of “Cooperation facilitates development, and development boosts peace”, helping African countries achieve sustainable development independently; We all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights of developing countries and oppose any nation creating barriers to developing countries and depriving of their rights to achieve development.
甘肃庆阳：湖羊驮来“脱贫经 ”。	Qingyang, Gansu Province: Hu sheep brought the bible of shaking off poverty.
9月之秋渲染黄土高原。	Loess Plateau is tinged with autumn colors of September.
驿马镇益民养殖专业合作社里，58岁的村民夏维利给羊圈里的食槽加满最后一锹草料，守在槽边,看白色湖羊一口口细嚼。	In the Yimin Professional Husbandry Cooperative, the 58-year-old Xia Weili filled up the manger with the last shovel of hay and stood there, watching the white sheep slowly chewing it.
“好好吃，等秋冬季长满了膘，出栏才能卖上好价钱 。 ”	"Enjoy, and put on plenty of good fat in autumn and winter. Then you'll sell a good price when you're taken out."
夏维利说，他每天给羊喂“特制营养餐 ” ， 定期打扫卫生、杀菌消毒，精心伺候不敢怠慢。	Xia Weili said he fed his sheep with "special nutritious meals" every day, cleaned and disinfected the sheepfold regularly, and did his best to takes care of them.
夏维利养了20多年羊，直到来合作社打工，才知道过去放羊有多粗放。	Xia Weili has been raising sheep for more than 20 years, but he hasn't realized how crude his methods were until he started to work in the cooperative.
夏维利是甘肃省庆阳市庆城县驿马镇夏涝池村人。	Xia Weili comes from Xialaochi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
他的左邻右舍都是养羊户，但坚持传统的散养方式，羊品质差，出栏量小。	All his neighbors are sheep farmers, but they used the traditional free-range method, which only produced sheep of poor quality and quantity.
今年6月，在政府的引导下，村里140户贫困群众加入合作社，一切开始出现转变。	Everything started to change in June, when 140 households in poverty in the village joined the cooperative under the guidance of the government.
夏维利整天埋头钻研搞养殖，因为他心里始终憋着一股劲。	Xia Weili spent all the day studying husbandry, because he had his resolutions.
入股的人清一色是贫困户，他们都把羊托管给合作社，年底能不能分红、卖上价，可都指望着他。	Those who joined the cooperative were all in poverty. They entrusted their sheep to the cooperative and counted on him to get a good price and receive dividends at the end of the year.
好在有技术人员的指导，他慢慢学会搞防疫，掌握了科学喂养，成了村里为数不多的养殖“好把式 ” 。	Thanks to the guidance of the specialists, he gradually learned to prevent diseases and to feed the sheep in a scientific way, which made him one of the "experts" in the village.
益民养殖专业合作社是个标准化合作社，共有16座羊棚，育有近1400只湖羊。	Yimin Professional Husbandry Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep barns and nearly 1,400 Hu sheep.
合作社负责人邹涛说，标准化羊棚的里里外外，都很有门道。	The director of the cooperative Zou Tao said that there were tricks everywhere in a standardized sheep barn.
“羊毛厚密，容易滋生细菌，湖羊在闷热阴湿的地方待不得，羊棚必须建在三面环沟的地方，还得装上换风机来通风散热 。 ”	He said, "Wool is thick and prone to grow bacteria. Hu sheep can't be left in a hot, dark, and humid place. The barn must be built on somewhere with grooves surrounding from three sides and with ventilation fans to remove the heat."
邹涛说，为了防疫，还需定期给羊棚喷雾消毒，给羊一季度打上三至四次防疫针。	He also said, for disease prevention, the barns must be sprayed and disinfected regularly, and the sheep should be vaccinated three to four times every season.
“小肥羊”除了住得好，还得吃上用青贮玉米、麦草、苜蓿等混合而成的草料，并有足够宽阔的“操场”舒展筋骨。	In addition to a good living environment of the "fat little sheep," they should also be fed with a mixture of corn silage, wheat straw, alfalfa, etc., and be kept in a "playground" that is big enough for them to exercise.
合作社采取托管代养的办法，引导当地农户把良种湖羊投放到这里，统一饲养、管理、销售，实现良种化、科学化、标准化、集约化养殖。	The cooperative functions as a trustee that encourages local farmers to entrust their good breeds of sheep to the cooperative for unified breeding, management, and selling in order to ensure improved, scientific, standardized and intensive animal farming.
如今，以羊入股的140户贫困户，每年每户分红6000元以上，有4名建档立卡扶贫对象在合作社打工。	Each of the 140 households with shares in the cooperative now gets a dividend of more than RMB 6000 every year. Four people who are registered as living below the poverty line work at the cooperative.
从“满山放牧”到“精准饲喂 ” ， 从“本地交配”到“人工授精 ” ， 从“看体型、摸肚皮”到“挨个做B超 ” … …在甘肃庆阳，肉羊养殖不仅仅是喂养方式的转变 ， “ 龙头企业+合作社+农户”的模式更是改变了曾经“山坡上养羊、集市里卖羊”的景象，克服了传统农牧业的弱小散，农民的穷日子因为现代化养羊变得好起来。	The sheep farming in Qingyang, Gansu, has transformed from "grazing all over the hill" to "precision feeding," from "local mating" to "artificial insemination," and from the "examination of the body shape and belly" to "B-scan one by one." Moreover, the collaboration mode of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has revolutionized the old way of "raising on the hillside and selling in the market" and resolved the problems of the traditional sheep farming that is weak, small-sized and dispersed. Farmers who used to live in poverty are living a better life because of modern sheep farming.
邹涛说，如果市场价格疲软，当地龙头企业甘肃中盛农牧发展有限公司，会以每公斤27元的市场保护价托底收购，帮助农户分散市场风险。	According to Zou Tao, if the market price is low, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Husbandry Development Company Limited will buy the sheep at the market protection price of RMB 27 per kilo to help reduce farmers’ risks.
甘肃中盛农牧发展有限公司总顾问徐建峰说，企业通过为贫困户提供贷款担保、种羊供给、订单养殖、报价收购、统一加工销售等服务，带动越来越多贫困户念“羊经 ” 。	Xu Jianfeng, the consultant of Zhongsheng Agriculture and Husbandry Development Company Limited, said the enterprise encouraged more and more households in poverty to read the bible of sheep farming by offering various services such as loan guarantees, breeding supplies, customized breeding, quote-and-buy, unified processing and selling, etc.
在庆阳，至少8200户贫困家庭通过“加盟”中盛农牧的饲草养殖、良种繁育、规模养殖、屠宰分割、市场销售，实现了稳定增收。	In Qingyang, at least 8200 households in poverty are receiving steadily increasing income by taking part in hay making, seed stock breeding, large-scale farming, slaughtering and cutting, and market sales organized by Zhongsheng.
庆阳市地处北方农牧交错带，饲草资源丰富。	Qingyang is located in a farming-pastoral zone in the north that is rich in forage resources.
目前全市有913个肉羊规模化养殖场、合作社，肉羊饲养量达500多万只，还建设了两条130万只肉羊屠宰规模的加工生产线，羊群正成为该地产业扶贫的“领头羊 ” 。	There are 913 large-scale sheep barns and cooperatives with more than 5 million sheep and two processing lines with the slaughtering and cutting capacity of 1.3 million sheep, making sheep farming the leading business for poverty alleviation in the city.
法国财长称明年将减税逾百亿欧元 并呼吁德国跟进	French Finance Minister claims a tax deduction of over 10 billion euros and calls on Germany to follow up.
路透巴黎9月26日 - 法国财长勒梅尔(Bruno Le Maire)周四表示，法国明年将减税逾100亿欧元(109亿美元 ) ， 而德国应当跟上法国的财政刺激步伐，以重振低迷的经济。	Paris (Reuters) September 26 - French Finance Minister (Bruno Le Maire) said on Thursday that France will deduct over 10 billion euros next year (equals to 10.9 billion US dollars), and Germany should follow up this step of fiscal stimulus to revive the downturn economy.
勒梅尔在介绍法国2020年预算时称，欧洲央行最新的货币宽松举措为那些有承担能力的成员国政府创造了一个增加投资的机会。	In his introduction of the financial budget of France in 2020, Le Maire claimed that the latest monetary easing measures implemented by the European Central Bank had created an opportunity to increase investment for the EU member states that can afford it.
欧洲央行于9月12日降息至纪录新低，并计划重启购债，以压低借贷成本，希望藉此激励经济复苏并推升通胀率。	The European Central Bank cut their interest rate to the lowest record on September 12 and planned to restart purchasing debt, so as to drive down the borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and boost the inflation rate.
“低利率不会让欧洲重现繁荣，货币政策措施很有必要但还不够 ， ” 勒梅尔对记者表示。	“Low interest rate will not help Europe to resume prosperity, monetary measures are very necessary but not enough,”Le Maire told the reporters.
“德国需要进行投资，现在就需要，越早越好。别等到形势更加恶化再行动 ， ” 他补充称。	“Germany needs to make investment. They need it now, the earlier the better. Don’t wait until the situation gets worse to take actions,” Le Maire added.
他已多次对德国作出这一呼吁。	He has made such appeal to Germany for several times.
法国今年已经实施规模超过100亿欧元的减税，对法国的经济增长带来很大的提振。	This year, France has implemented tax cuts in excess of 10 billion euros and it has brought a big boost to the economic growth of the country.
而全球经济失去动能，依赖出口的德国经济首当其冲。	However, when the global economy lost its momentum, the economy of Germany bears the brunt because it depends on export.
勒梅尔指出，明年法国家庭的税务负担将减轻93亿欧元，包括50亿欧元的所得税减免。	Le Maire pointed out that the French family tax burden will reduce 9.3 billion euros next year. This includes an income tax relief of 5 billion euros.
此外，随着公司税率将在五年期间从33.3%降至25%的逐步落实，企业税务负担将减少近10亿欧元。	In addition, with the gradual fulfillment of the corporate tax rate deduction from 33.3% to 25% within 5 years, corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
习近平总书记近日对烈士纪念设施保护工作作出重要指示强调，要加强对烈士陵园的规划、建设、修缮、管理维护。	The General Secretary of Chinese Communist Party, Xi Jinping, recently made important instructions about the protection of the memorial facilities of martyrs. He stressed the importance of the reinforcement the planning, construction, repairing，management and maintenance work within martyrs' ceremonies.
为深入贯彻落实习近平总书记重要指示精神，着力推进烈士纪念设施保护管理工作，中共中央办公厅、国务院办公厅、中央军委办公厅日前印发《烈士纪念设施规划建设修缮管理维护总体工作方案 》 。	To implement in depth the instructions of the General Secretary and push forward the protection and management of the memorial facilities of martyrs, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council, and the General Office of the Central Military Commission issued The Overall Work Plan for the Management and Maintenance of the Planning, Construction, Repair and Maintenance of the Martyr Memorial Facilities a few days ago.
《工作方案》是烈士纪念设施保护管理工作的纲领性文件，明确了烈士纪念设施保护管理工作目标任务，提出要规划建设好烈士纪念设施，完善弘扬英烈精神红色教育基地体系；修缮保护好烈士纪念设施，营造尊崇英烈铭记功勋的浓厚社会氛围；管理维护好烈士纪念设施，形成规范完备的组织保障管理体制。	The Overall Work Plan serves as the programmatic document to guide the protection and management of the memorial facilities of martyrs. The Plan is explicit about the target tasks for the protection and management work. It requires that the memorial facilities of martyrs should be well planned and constructed, and the Red Education system should be improved so as to promote heroic spirits; the memorial facilities should be well repaired and protected to create the atmosphere of respecting heroes and remembering their merits; the facilities should also be well managed and maintained, and a normative as well as self-contained system of organization, support and management should be formed.
《工作方案》明确，要加强烈士纪念设施修缮保护，按照统筹安排、着眼长远的原则，切实加强烈士纪念设施修缮保护，着力健全领导体制机制，完善政策法规制度；组织实施提质改造工程，完善设施设备，加强服务能力；优化展陈内容，创新展陈方式，提升整体效能。	The Plan guides to enhance the repairing and protection of the memorial facilities of martyrs on the basis of the overall arrangement and long-term vision. To practically carry forward the work, the Plan points out the necessity to improve the leadership mechanism, policies and regulations; to organize and implement the quality improvement projects, to upgrade facilities and equipment, and to strengthen service ability; to increase the overall performance by optimizing exhibition contents and inaugurate new exhibition methods.
《工作方案》强调，要健全制度体系和组织保障，加强组织领导，建立退役军人事务部牵头、相关单位主动配合、社会广泛参与的工作机制；围绕贯彻落实英雄烈士保护法，完善法规制度体系，持续推进烈士纪念设施规划建设管理维护制度化、规范化、专业化；加强队伍建设，引入志愿者服务，鼓励退役军人、烈士家属、专家学者和青年学生积极参与烈士纪念设施讲解和秩序维护等工作；健全社会参与机制，坚持政府主导、多元投入，积极倡导鼓励企业、社会组织和个人为烈士纪念设施修缮保护提供捐助和支持。	The Plan stresses to improve the regulation system and the organizational support. It stresses to intensify the organizational leadership by establishing a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, actively cooperated by the concerned departments, and widely participated by the whole society; to implement the law of martyr protection, improve the regulation-making system, and persistently advance the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning, construction, management and maintenance of martyrs memorial facilities; to strengthen the team building by introducing volunteer service and by encouraging the active participation of veterans, families of martyrs, experts, scholars and young students into the interpretation and order maintenance of martyr memorial facilities; and to improve the social participation mechanism according to the government-led and multiple sources of investment principle, by actively advocating and encouraging enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the repair and protection of martyr memorial facilities.
研究：美国国民健康饮食指数小幅增长 但仍具挑战-中新网	Study: U.S. national healthy diet index increases slightly, but still face challenges-ECNS
中新网9月27日电 据美国侨报网报道，近日，美国一项最新研究显示 ，16年来，美国政府的健康饮食指数有了适度增长，从56增长到了58。	ECNS, September 27. According to a report by uschinapress.com, a recent study in the United States has shown that the U.S. government's healthy diet index has grown moderately from 56 to 58 in the past 16 years.
但在满分是100分的情况下，这并不值得庆祝。	Considering that a maximum score is 100, this is no cause for celebration.
美国国民在饮食上仍旧面临“显著的挑战 ” 。	Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diets.
该研究的作者之一、马萨诸塞州塔夫茨大学营养学研究员张芳芳博士表示，美国人仍旧摄入了过多可能会引发心脏病、糖尿病、肥胖等疾病的食物，这些疾病都是美国国民最常罹患的疾病。	One of the authors of the study, Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases, which are the most common diseases of American citizens are suffering.
这项研究于24日在《美国医学会杂志》上刊登。	The research was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
研究是基于美国政府1999年至2016年对4.4万名成年人进行的健康调查得出的结论。	The study is based on the conclusions of a health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the US government from 1999 to 2016.
作者们写道 ， “ 尽管有可观的改善，但显著的饮食挑战仍旧存在 ” 。	"Despite considerable improvement, significant dietary challenges still exist," the authors write.
据悉，这些挑战包括让美国国民减少摄入零食、热狗、肥牛、黄油等含有饱和脂肪的食物。	It is reported that these challenges include allowing US nationals to reduce their intake of snacks, hot dogs, beef cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fats.
研究发现，人们的日常饮食中对这些不健康脂肪的摄入量从11.5%提高到了12 % ， 超过了推荐的10%的摄入上限。	The study found that people's daily dietary intake of these unhealthy fats has increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended upper limit of 10%.
美国国民饮食中最大的改善就是摄入的糖分从16%降低至约14 % ， 但摄入量仍旧过高。	The biggest improvement in the American diets is the reduction of sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake remains still too high.
官方认为日常饮食中，添加糖的摄入量应该低于10 % 。	Officials believe that the daily intake of added sugar should be less than 10%.
对于摄入糖分减少的原因，研究人员认为与人们饮用甜味汽水的减少有关，但张芳芳强调，糖类常常被加入到甚至不怎么甜的食物当中，比如酸奶和番茄酱。	The researchers believe that the reason for the reduction in intake of sugar has been linked to the reduction of people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang emphasized that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and tomato sauce.
美国成年人对水果、坚果、燕麦以及其他全谷物类别的食物的摄入有少量增加。	Adults in the United States have seen a slight increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain foods.
不过，2016年的数据显示，这些食物在日常饮食中的占比仍然不到5 % 。	However, 2016 data shows that these foods still make up less than 5 percent of the daily diet.
尽管人们对盐分的摄入稍稍减少，饮用果汁的减少导致了低质量碳水化合物的摄入，但张芳芳表示，它们仍在每日热量中占比高达42 % ， 其中许多来自于精加工的白面面包和其他精制谷物。	Although people's intake of salt is slightly reduced, drinking less fruit juice has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for up to 42% of daily calories, much of which comes from refined white bread and other refined grains.
这项研究基于每两年一次的个人健康调查，这些调查会让成年人回忆他们在过去24小时内所吃的食物。	This study is based on personal health surveys that take place every two years, which will ask adults to recall what kind of foods they ate in the past 24 hours.
这些健康调查自2003年起每隔几天就会分两次询问这一问题。	The health surveys have been asking this question twice every few days since 2003.
政府发布的美国居民饮食指南建议人们采用“健康饮食模式 ” ， 以降低罹患慢性病的可能。	The government's dietary guidelines for American citizens recommend the people to adopt a "healthy diet pattern” to reduce the risk of chronic diseases.
指南指出，人们应该多摄入营养密集的食物，如蔬菜、水果、全谷物、低脂乳制品，以及可以提供蛋白质的海鲜、瘦肉、家禽肉、蛋类、种子类食物。	The guidelines point out that people should consume more nutrient-dense foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry, eggs, and seed foods that can provide proteins.
调研期间，美国国民中患糖尿病的人数几乎增加了一倍，超过7 % ， 肥胖率在调研间的许多年中也有所增加 — — 如今约有70%的美国成人超重或是肥胖。	During the research, the number of people with diabetes in the United States has nearly doubled to more than 7%, and the obesity rate has also increased over the years in between the surveys; about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
此外，心脏病仍是美国国民死亡的主要原因。	In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States.
欧盟促进与亚洲的战略伙伴关系	The EU is promoting a strategic partnership with Asia.
越共中央政治局委员、中央书记处书记、中央经济部部长阮文平率团出席此次论坛。	Nguyen Van Binh, Member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Vietnam Central Committee, Member of the Secretariat of the CPV Central Committee and Head of the CPV Central Committee Department for Economic Affairs, led a delegation to attend the forum.
根据欧盟与亚太地区个伙伴之间的紧密合作关系，此次论坛把主题定为“欧盟与亚洲实现对接：为可持续发展的未来搭建桥梁 ” 。	Based on the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the forum was given a theme of "EU-Asia Connectivity Forum - Building Bridges for a Sustainable Future".
此次论坛在欧盟的两大洲实现对接战略落实一年后举行。	The forum will be held a year after the implementation of the strategy for EU-Asia connectivity.
欧盟委员会主席让-克洛德•容克表示，加强对接是上述主张的一部分，因为其给有关各国人民及经济带来利益。	European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that strengthening connectivity was part of the proposition because it would benefit the people and economies in related countries.
上述关系有助于给有关各方带来稳定与繁昌。	The relations will help bring stability and prosperity to all countries concerned.
他同时认为，欧盟欲传递有关提升参与度并巩固欧洲与亚洲的互利互惠对接关系的寄语。	He also believed that the EU hoped to share an idea of promoting participation and strengthening mutually beneficial relationship between Europe and Asia.
日本首相安倍晋三是该论坛的特邀贵宾并将在全体会议上发表重要演讲。	Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will deliver a keynote speech at the plenary session as a special guest of the forum.
全国首家股份行理财子公司成立 用科技赋能资管业务	Wealth management subsidiary of China's first joint-stock commercial bank established, technology applied to promote asset management business
26日，光大银行全资子公司光大理财有限责任公司在青岛正式成立，这是我国成立的首个股份制银行理财子公司。	On the 26th, China Everbright Bank(CEB) set up its wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Wealth Management Co. Ltd. in Qingdao, China's eastern Shandong province, making CEB the first joint-stock bank to set up a unit to manage wealth management products (WMPs).
专家表示，资产管理是发展金融科技的重要领域，银行成立理财子公司有利于其使用科技手段提升资管业务。	Experts said that asset management is an important field for the development of financial technology. The establishment of a wealth management subsidiary would be beneficial for a bank to use technology to enhance its asset management business.
今年4月，光大银行、招商银行分别发布公告称已获中国银保监会批准筹建理财子公司。	In April this year, CEB and China Merchants Bank(CMB) issued announcements respectively, saying that they had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to prepare for the establishment of wealth management subsidiaries.
9月24日，光大银行公告称光大理财已正式获准开业。	On September 24th, CEB announced that Everbright Wealth Management had officially been approved to open.
短短2天后，光大银行领跑诸多股份制银行，率先在青岛成立光大理财。	In just two days, CEB became the leader of many joint-stock banks by establishing Everbright Wealth Management in Qingdao.
光大集团董事长李晓鹏表示，光大集团将加快创新步伐，运用现代科技思维和手段，依托大数据、物联网、云计算，提高金融资本的覆盖率、使用率和渗透率，提高客户的获得感、幸福感和安全感。	Chairman of Everbright Group Li Xiaopeng said that Everbright Group would accelerate innovation. By using modern technological thinking and methods, relying on big data, Internet of Things, cloud computing, Everbright Group would increase the coverage, utilization and penetration rate of financial capital and improve clients' senses of acquisition, happiness and security.
到2021年，建立健全我国金融科技发展的“四梁八柱 ” ， 进一步增强金融业科技应用能力，实现金融与科技深度融合、协调发展，明显增强人民群众对数字化、网络化、智能化金融产品和服务的满意度。	By 2021, China will establish and improve the framework of China's development of financial technology, further develop the application of technology in the financial industry, achieve deep integration and coordinated development of finance and technology and significantly enhance people's satisfaction with digital, network-based and intelligent financial products and services.
光大理财董事长张旭阳介绍，光大理财的资管平台中将使用智能投顾、智能投研、大数据等技术，帮助光大理财更好地进行宏观经济形势判断。	Chairman of Everbright Wealth Management Zhang Xuyang introduced that new technologies such as intelligent investment advisers, intelligent investment research and big data would be applied to the asset management platform of Everbright Wealth Management and would help Everbright Wealth Management to make a better judgement on the macroeconomic situation.
未来也将应用区块链等新技术，把握从传统资产到另类资产再到数字另类资产的方向和趋势。	In the future, Everbright Wealth Management will use new technologies such as blockchain to grasp the developing direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets, then to digital alternative assets.
国家金融与发展实验室特聘研究员董希淼表示，在资管行业面临全新的竞合形势下，金融科技公司与资管机构将用资管科技共同探索新的增长路径。	Dong Ximiao, special researcher of the National Institution for Finance and Development, said that the asset management industry was facing new competitions and cooperations. Therefore, fin-tech companies and asset management institutions would explore new ways of development by using new related technologies.
金融科技赋能资管行业，既是金融科技自身转型发展的需要，更将为资管业务发展注入新的生机和活力。	Financial technology promotes the development of the asset management industry, This will not only meet the need for the transformation and development of financial technology, but also bring new vitality and energy to the development of asset management business.
今年年初，京东数字科技推出新的资管科技系统，借助技术和数字化手段，提升资管的产品研发和风控能力。	Early this year, JD Digital Technology Holding Co. Ltd. launched a new asset management technology system, which could promote the research and development of asset management products and improve the ability to control risks with the help of technological and digital methods.
新系统从产品设计、销售交易、资产管理、风险评估4大能力入手，提升资管行业整体智能化运营水平。	The new system helps enhance the overall level of intelligent operation of the asset management industry with the abilities to design products, conduct sales and trading process, manage assets and assess risks.
专家认为，资管科技在提升客户服务能力、创新丰富产品的同时，还能够增强风险防范能力，提升资管管理效率。	Experts believed that the application of asset management technology would not only help provide better services and more innovative products for clients, but also improve the ability to prevent risks and the efficiency of asset management.
张旭阳表示，以往通过调查问卷来定位客户的风险偏好容易存在偏差，而现在使用人工智能进行用户画像，有助于更好地定位客户，根据客户的投资偏好推出相应的产品，有助于化解风险。	Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, questionnaires had been used to obtain clients' risk appetite, but the result may not be accurate. The use of artificial intelligence in user portraits would help define a client, launch products according to clients' investment preferences and resolve risks.
“电商、时空数据等另类大数据可以帮我们更好地刻划一个地区、一个产业的活跃度、景气度 。 ”	"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and spatio-temporal data can help us better characterize the liveliness and prospect of a region or an industry."
张旭阳说，在化解风险的同时，大数据技术还将有助于提升风控能力。	Zhang Xuyang said that in addition to risk resolving, big data could also help improve the ability to control risks.
中国铁路隧道竖井最深纪录被刷新	The record for the deepest shaft in China's railway tunnels has been broken
中新社保山9月27日电 (张伟明 许为国 周靖博)经过1200多天的昼夜施工，在建大(理)瑞(丽)铁路高黎贡山隧道1号竖井于27日完成掘砌，井深达到地面以下762.59米，打破了中国铁路隧道竖井最深纪录，而这个纪录是在大量涌水情况下创造。	Baoshan, China News Service, September 27 (Zhang Weiming, Xu Weiguo, Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days of overnight constructions, the excavation and masonry of Gaoligongshan Tunnel No.1 shaft of the Dali-Ruili Railway which is still under construction has been completed on the 27th. Under the circumstances that there was a massive water inrush, they had claimed the record for the deepest shaft construction in China's railway tunnels by reaching a new depth of 762.59 meters below the ground.
全长34.5公里的大瑞铁路高黎贡山隧道位于云南，隧道自怒江西岸横穿高黎贡山山脉，是亚洲双线单洞最长隧道。	Located in Yunnan province, the 34.5km Darei Railway Gaoligongshan Tunnel crosses the Gaoligong mountains from the west bank of the Nujiang River, making it the longest single-hole two-track tunnel in Asia.
这条隧道穿越19条断裂带，最大埋深1155米，因为几乎涵盖所有隧道施工可能遇到的不良地质和重大风险，高黎贡山隧道被称为隧道建设的“地质博物馆 ” 。	This tunnel traverses 19 fault zones and has a maximum burial depth of 1155 meters. Because it covers almost all the poor geological conditions and major risks that a tunnel construction may encounter, Gaoligongshan Tunnel is called the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
竖井则是高黎贡山隧道最重要的辅助坑道，肩负增加作业面实现“长隧短打”和后期铁路运营通风的重要任务。	As the most important auxiliary tunnel of Gaoligongshan Tunnel, the shaft is responsible for increasing the operation areas to realize the important task of "building a long tunnel by means of driving from construction entries" and the ventilation of railway operation in a later stage.
1号竖井成功开挖到井底，标志着高黎贡山隧道正式进入水平隧道施工，待井底车场开挖和装备更换后，井下可增加4个作业面，加快隧道正洞开挖速度。	Shaft No.1 has been successfully excavated to the very bottom, marking that Gaoligongshan Tunnel has officially entered into the stage of horizontal tunnel construction. After completing the excavation of the shaft station and replacing the necessary equipment, four additional operating areas can be added under the shaft to speed up the excavation of the main tunnel.
“竖井全在花岗岩地层，因花岗岩地层裂隙比较多，止不住水，从上到下流个不停，基本上井有多深水压就有多大 。 ”	"The vertical shafts are all in granite formations. Because there are many fractures in the granite formations, the water cannot stop flowing from top to bottom. Basically, the pressure is as deep as the shaft goes."
中铁隧道局大瑞铁路项目部总工程师司景钊告诉记者，该竖井施工中，多次发生突泥涌水、垮塌等险情，建设方邀请专家现场把脉，20余次研讨处理方案。	Si Jingzhao, the chief engineer of the Darui Railway Project Department of China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told reporters that during the construction of the shaft there were many dangers such as muddy water inrush and collapses. The construction contractor had invited the experts to inspect and review on the spot and discuss the solutions more than 20 times.
“竖井内涌水最大时，每小时达300多立方米，700多米深的井底，水压相当于700米深的海底 。 ”	"At its peak, the maximum water inflow gushing in the shaft reached over 300 cubic meters per hour. At the bottom of the 700-meter-deep shaft, the water pressure was equivalent to the sea floor at a depth of 700 meters".
司景钊说 ， “ 如果不及时抽排水，1小时就会淹井10米，我们几乎是85%的时间用来治水，15%的时间用来掘进 。 ”	Si Jingzhao said, "If drainage is not done in time, the shaft will be flooded 10 meters every hour. We spend almost 85% of our time on water control and 15% of the time on tunneling".
为克服1号竖井围岩纵向节理发育、突泥涌水、富水花岗岩等地质难题，隧道施工采用“探、注、掘”相结合的系统治水措施，降低施工风险。	In order to overcome geological problems such as the development of longitudinal joints in surrounding rocks of No.1 shaft, bursts of muddy water, water-rich granite, and other geological problems, a series of water control measures combined with "exploration, injection, and excavation" are taken in tunnel construction to reduce the construction risk.
经多次改进后，1号竖井建设形成了开挖系统、出碴系统、悬吊系统、绞车提升系统等机械化流水线，实现了打眼、爆破、出碴、模板安装、混凝土浇筑等全流程机械化作业，加快了施工进度。	With many improvements, mechanized assembly lines such as excavation system, ballast discharging system, suspension system and winch lifting system have been set up in the construction of No.1 shaft, realizing the full-flow mechanized operations such as drilling, blasting, ballast discharging, formwork installation and concrete pouring, thus speeding up the construction progress.
最终，在1200多天昼夜施工后，竖井顺利完成762.59米深度的掘砌。	In the end, after more than 1,200 days and nights of construction, the shaft was successfully excavated to a depth of 762.59 meters.
大瑞铁路全长330公里，是中缅国际通道重要组成部分，是实施“一带一路”建设的重要交通基础设施。	The Darui Railway, with a total length of 330 kilometers, is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Corridor and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt And Road" construction.
建成通车后，大理到瑞丽的行车时间将由现在公路的6小时，缩短到2个小时，将极大改善滇西地区的交通运输格局，对推动中国与南亚东南亚国家经贸合作与人员友好往来起到促进作用。	After it is completed and put into service, the driving time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from 6 hours to 2 hours on the current highway, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in the western Yunnan region and play an important role in promoting economic and trade cooperation as well as the friendly exchanges between China and South Asian and Southeast Asian countries.
林郑月娥：作为中国人对国家成就引以为傲	Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor: the Chinese people should be proud of the country's achievements
香港新闻界迎国庆70周年。	Press circles of Hong Kong celebrated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
“ 香港新闻界庆祝中华人民共和国成立七十周年酒会”27日在港举行。	Reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held by the press circles on the 27th in Hong Kong.
香港特别行政区行政长官林郑月娥在酒会上致辞指出，国家过去70年的成就世人有目共睹，我们作为中国人都引以为傲。	Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor addressed the reception. She said that "China's achievements in the past 70 years are obvious to all. We are all proud of it as a Chinese."
林郑月娥、中央政府驻港联络办副主任卢新宁、外交部驻港特派员公署副特派员宋如安、解放军驻港部队副政治委员陈亚丁、香港新闻界庆祝国庆筹备委员会执委会主席姜在忠等出席酒会并担任主礼嘉宾。	Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government (LOCPG) in the Hong Kong Lu Xinning, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of The Commissioner of The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of The People's Republic Of China in The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Song Ru'an, Deputy Political Commissar of the PLA garrison in Hong Kong Chen Yading and Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Preparation Committee of Hong Kong Press Circles Celebrating to the National Day Jiang Zaizhong were invited as guests to the reception.
林郑月娥致辞指出，中国在过去70年砥砺奋进，纵然曾经面对过不少困难挑战，但都一一克服超越，取得的成就世人有目共睹，我们作为中国人都引以为傲。	Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor pointed out that China has been bravely moving forward and making progress and has overcome several difficulties and challenges. China's achievements in the past 70 years are obvious to all. The Chinese people should all be proud of it.
香港回归祖国后一直与内地紧紧相扣，携手一同进步，共享丰硕成果。	Hong Kong has been sticking together, making progress and sharing fruits with the mainland of China ever since its return to the motherland.
相信在“一国两制”前提下，香港未来可以继续发挥优势，把握“一带一路”及粤港澳大湾区机遇，为香港谋求更美好的未来。	She believes that by implementing the principles of "One Country, Two Systems", Hong Kong will make the most of its advantages, grasp the opportunities brought by the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and seek for a better future.
她还表示，过去几个月香港社会争议不断，每一个香港人都受到影响，新闻工作者亦面对不同挑战。	She also said that social disputes have never stopped in Hong Kong in the past few months. The situation has been affecting every single person in Hong Kong. People working in press circles are also facing challenges.
在这个关键时刻，希望新闻界朋友继续迎难而上，秉持专业精神，为社会作出公正、持平的新闻报道，并为香港的未来，为社会重回理性沟通对话尽一份力。	At this special time, she hopes that friends in the press circles can press forward in face of difficulties and be professional so as to provide fair and reasonable news reports for the society and bring rational communication back to Hong Kong for the region's bright future.
姜在忠致辞指出，新中国走过的光辉历程也是香港与祖国同发展、共进步、血脉相连、荣辱与共的历程。	Jiang Zaizhong pointed out that China's glorious past is also Hong Kong's past when the region developed, made progress and shared weal or woe with the motherland.
尤其是香港回归祖国以来，中央坚定不移地贯彻“一国两制 ” 、 “港人治港 ” 、 高度自治方针，香港与内地和衷共济，守望相助，共同创造了互利共赢、经济腾飞的奇迹。	This is especially true after Hong Kong's return to the motherland. The central government has been fully and faithfully implementing the principles of "One Country, Two Systems", "Hong Kong people administering Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland have stuck together for a common cause, kept watch for and helped defend one another, reached a mutual benefit and win-win situation and achieved great success in economic development.
为此，香港新闻界欢聚一堂，同庆中华人民共和国成立70周年华诞。	Therefore, the Hong Kong press circles had this happy gathering to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China together.
他表示，过去3个月，香港发生了一连串公然违法、肆意破坏社会稳定的暴力活动，部分媒体发表歪曲、虚假的报道，对暴力活动起到推波助澜作用。	He said that in the past three months, there had been so much violence in Hong Kong. People broke the law and destroyed social stability blatantly. Many news media bendt the truth and published misleading reports, which actually added fuel to the fire.
他呼吁媒体激浊扬清，营造全民抵制暴力、维护法治的良好氛围。	He appeals to the media to drive out evil and usher in good and create a good environment where people resist violence and defend laws.
专业的传媒人要恪守新闻职业规范，用真实的报道和负责任的言论引导市民自觉与暴力割席，维护法律的公正与威严。	Professionals in the press circles should conform to the norms, lead citizens away from violence with true reports and responsible words and defend the dignity and justice of the law.
香港新闻界等各界人士约500人出席酒会，并与主礼嘉宾一同举杯，为中华人民共和国成立70周年送上祝福。	Around 500 people from the press circles and other walks of life attended the reception. They all toasted the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China along with the main guests.
记者从西宁市委宣传部了解到，西宁市将于10月1日起施行《西宁市文明行为促进条例 》 ， 重点瞄准行人不按交通信号灯指示通行、从建筑物向外抛掷物品等15种不文明行为，列出重点治理清单，并设置相应处罚。	According to the Publicity Ministry of the Municipality Party Committee of Xining, the city will implement "Regulations for promoting civilized behavior in Xining" from October 1, focusing on 15 types of uncivilized behavior such as ignoring the traffic lights and throwing objects from inside a building. The new regulations list key issues to be dealt with and state corresponding punishment.
西宁市委宣传部副部长、市文明办主任王生斌介绍，西宁市于2017年荣获全国文明城市称号以来，市民文明素养与道德水平明显提高。	According to Wang Shengbin, vice minister of the Publicity Ministry of the Municipality Party Committee of Xining and director of the city's civilization office, there have been significant improvements in civility and morality of Xining citizens since the city was awarded the honor of "National civilized city" in 2017.
但行人乱穿马路、闯红灯、非机动车不按交通指示灯通行；高空抛物、车窗抛物；公共场所吸烟、公共场所遛狗且放任随地大小便等不文明行为仍十分突出，且容易反弹，需尽快解决。	However, there is still serious uncivilized behavior such as jaywalking, running the red light, non-motorized vehicles not following the traffic lights, throwing items from high buildings or vehicle windows, smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and leaving the waste, etc. Such behavior is prone to recur and must be dealt with as soon as possible.
条例结合西宁实际，从公共场所、公共秩序、公共设施、公共环境卫生、文明出行、文明旅游、文明上网、建设文明校园、促进文明家庭建设、执行公务、纪念英雄烈士、医疗服务等多个方面，对个人和单位的文明行为准则提出了较为全面和较高标准的要求，让全社会明白“能做什么 ” “ 倡导什么”和“禁止什么 ” 。	Addressing the reality of Xining, the regulations consider various aspects including public places, public order, public facilities, public health, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized internet, the construction of civilized campus, the promotion of the construction of civilized family, the performance of official duties, the commemoration of heroes and martyrs, and medical services. They also put forward requirements for civilized behavior of individuals and institutions that are more comprehensive and of higher standards, so that everybody in the society understand what they can do, what they are encouraged to do, and what they shouldn’t do.
“制定出台条例，消除文明行为认知领域的盲点和误区，对公民的举止、持家、用餐、出行、教育、旅游、上网、绿色生活、婚丧祭扫等进行全面规范，将为西宁市群众性精神文明创建工作常态化提供有力法治保障 。 ”	"The drafting and implementation of these regulations are to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings of civilized behavior and to comprehensively regulate citizens' behavior, housekeeping, catering, travel, education, tourism, internet, green life, wedding, funeral and sacrifices, etc. These regulations constitute a law to ensure that the pursuit of mass spiritual civilization is made part of our life in Xining."
西宁市人大常委会秘书长仇怀军说。	Qiu Huaijun, Secretary General of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said.
今晚北京地铁1号线、2号线及7号线将延时运营-中新网	Beijing will extend the running hours of its subway Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 this evening – Chinanews
新京报快讯(记者 裴剑飞)今天(9月27日)下午，北京地铁公司发布通告称，9月27日至10月7日期间，1号线、2号线及7号线延长末班车运营日期将进行调整。	Newsflash from Beijing News (reporter Pei Jianfei) This afternoon (September 27), Beijing MTR Corporation announced that the date for extending the operating hours of the last trains of its subway Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
延时运营期间，地铁1、2号线的运营时间将持续到次日凌晨，平均10分钟发一趟车。	During the period of extending running hours, the subway Line 1 and Line 2 will keep operating after midnight, with a 10-minute interval between trains.
1号线西向东延长运营时间61分钟，东向西延长运营时间64分钟，沿线各站末班车发车时间均在次日00:30以后；2号线内环延长运营81分钟，外环延长运营95分钟，沿线各站末班车发车时间均在次日0:20以后，前门站次日00：50对开末班车。	The Line 1 from west to east will make its trains run for 61 minutes longer and the Line 1 from east to west will make its trains run for 64 minutes longer. The last trains at every stop within this Line will depart after 00:30; The inner-loop Line 2 will make its trains run for 81 minutes longer while the outer-loop Line 2 make its trains run for 95 minutes longer. The last trains at every stop within this Line will depart after 00:20, and the last trains at the Qianmen Station will depart at 00:50 at the same time.
地铁7号线北京西站(开往焦化厂站方向)末班车发车时间由23:15延长至次日00:15，焦化厂站(开往北京西站方向)末班车发车时间由22:25延长至23:25。	The last train at the Beijing West Railway Station of Line 7 (to the Jiaohuachang Station) will extend its departure from 23:15 to 00:15, while the last train at the Jiaohuachang Station of Line 7 (to the Beijing West Railway Station) will extend its departure from 22:25 to 23:25.
英国游客汽车钥匙掉进湖里 全家人被困法国五天	Family from UK trapped in France for five days after the car key fell into a lake
近日，英国威尔士的一对夫妇带着两个孩子到法国度假，结果不小心将汽车钥匙掉进了湖里，全家人被迫等了五天才拿到了汽车制造商配制的新钥匙。	A couple from Wales were trapped in France with their two children for five days during their vacation in France. Their car key fell into a lake accidentally and it took them five days to get a new key from the car producer.
这对夫妇随后带着孩子们离开了法国。	The couple then left France with the two kids.
据报道，当地时间9月16日，这个英国家庭在法国的一个湖上游览时，女儿不小心把一个皮包打翻，里面的车钥匙掉进湖里。	According to the news report, on September 16th local time, the family were rowing a boat on a lake in France when the daughter knocked over a bag and the car key fell into the lake.
但他们花了几个小时的时间，也没能找到钥匙。	They spent hours looking for the key but ended up finding nothing.
而他们所有的随身物品和现金都锁在车里。	All their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
尽管英国游客出发前购买了保险，保险公司以车辆没有被盗的危险为由拒绝帮忙。	Although they had bought insurance before coming to France, the insurance company refused to help because they believed that car was not in danger of being stolen.
他们只好雇了一辆拖车把车子拉到一家修车厂存放，然后从汽车制造商那里重新订购了钥匙。	This left them no choice but to hire a truck to tow the car to an auto repair workshop and order a new key from the car producer.
几天后，英国游客终于拿到了配制的钥匙，这对夫妇才带着孩子们离开了法国。	A few days later, they got the new key and were finally able to leave France.
而他们所预定的旅程则因汽车钥匙的遗失被迫取消。	Unfortunately, all their bookings on the trip were canceled due to the loss of the key.
沙特正式对49个国家放开旅游签证 其中包含中国	Saudi Arabia allows people from 49 countries to enter the country for tourism, including China
（迪拜27日电）从即日起，沙特正式对49个国家放开旅游签证，其中包含中国，签证费一共为440沙特里亚尔（约836人民币 ） 。	Reported in Dubai on 27th. With immediate effect, Saudi Arabia allows people from 49 countries, including China, to visit. The visa fee is 440 Saudi Riyal (about 836 RMB).
游客须准备一份涵盖沙特境内的医疗保险，以及提供一个沙特境内的地址即可申请。	Visitors have to prepare a medical insurance within Saudi Arabia and provide an address where they stay in Saudi Arabia.
游客可以飞机落地后在机场申请落地签，或者通过visa.visitsaudi.com申请电子签。	Visitors can apply for visa on arrival at the airport or apply for electronic visa online at visa.visitsaudi.com
其中，电子签为一年多次入境，可以允许旅游者最多停留90天。	The electronic visa allows visitors to have multiple entries within one year and stay up to 90 days in the country.
对于普通游客来说，沙特是最神秘的国家，因为这个国家从不签发旅游签证。	For ordinary visitors, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country as it never allowed people to enter the country for tourism.
沙特近些年在副王储穆罕默热·本·萨尔曼的主导下推进“愿景2030”计划，旨在降低该国经济对于石油的长期依赖性，开放旅游和发展旅游业是其重要组成部分。	Saudi Vision 2030, a project that has been announced by vice Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman in recent years, is aimed at reducing Saudi Arabia's long-standing dependence on oil. Opening the door to tourists and developing tourism are the important part of this project.
白俄罗斯副总理伊戈尔•利亚申科对越南兴安省进行工作访问。	Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko paid a working visit to Vietnam's Hung Yen province.
会见时，兴安省委书记杜进士突出强调了白俄罗斯在工业生产方面的显著成就以及白俄罗斯企业对兴安省的投资。	During the meeting, Secretary of the Hung Yen provincial Party Committee Do Tien Sy emphasised the outstanding achievements Belarus had in industrial production and investments made in Hung Yen province from Belarusian companies.
MAZ ASIA汽车生产与安装工厂竣工投入生产是两国企业合作中的重要发展步伐，有助于推动兴安省乃至越南与白俄罗斯的合作关系。	The completion of a Maz Asia auto manufacturing and assembling plant marks an important step in the cooperation of companies between Belarus and Vietnam. The plant has been put into use, which will promote cooperation between Belarus and Hung Yen province or even entire Vietnam.
兴安省委书记杜进士表示，兴安省一直以来为对该省进行投资的白俄罗斯企业创造便利条件，希望今后白俄罗斯将采取更多有力措施，鼓励白俄罗斯企业对兴安省和越南投资，对该省劳动者的培训及工业生产技术转交工作予以协助。	Secretary of the Hung Yen provincial Party Committee Do Tien Sy said that Hung Yen has provided preferential policies for Belarusian companies making investments here. He hoped that Belarus would take measures to encourage domestic companies to invest in Vietnam and Hung Yen in particular and also assist in workforce training, technological transfer and industrial production.
伊戈尔•利亚申科副总理对兴安省近期为白俄罗斯企业开展生产经营活动提供便利条件表示感谢。	Deputy PM Igor Lyashenko expressed his gratitude for providing favourable conditions to Belarusian companies doing business in Hung Yen province.
希望兴安省继续为白俄罗斯企业提供便利条件。	He hoped that this could continue in the future.
会议结束后，伊戈尔•利亚申科副总理一行出席了MAZ ASIA汽车生产与安装工厂竣工仪式。	After the meeting, Deputy PM Igor Lyashenko and his entourage witnessed the completion ceremony of the Maz Asia auto manufacturing and assembling plant.
在低风险品种食品生产许可等领域试点告知承诺制，将外国企业代表处办理事权下放给自贸区	Carry out a pilot program to apply the system of notification and commitment to licensing low-risk food production and delegate the power of representative offices of foreign enterprises to the Free Trade Zone
27日，上海市市场监管局与浦东新区政府签署工作备忘录，推出20条市场监管改革措施，部分措施在全国属于率先试点。	On the 27th, the Market Supervision and Regulation Bureau of Shanghai Municipality signed a working memorandum with the People's Government of Pudong New Area to introduce 20 reform measures relating to market supervision and regulation. Some of the measures will be firstly piloted nationwide.
据介绍，告知承诺是指行政机关在办理有关许可登记事项时，以书面形式将法律法规规定的条件和要求一次性告知申请人。	It is introduced that the system of notification and commitment requires the administrative authority to notify the applicant of conditions and requirements in laws and regulations in a written form when handling license registrations.
申请人签署承诺后，行政机关可以直接予以办理。	After the applicant signs the commitment, the administrative authority may directly handle the registration.
根据备忘录，上海市场监管部门将支持浦东新区和上海自贸试验区在企业名称登记，办理工艺简单、低风险品种食品生产许可，部分计量器具型式批准等三个领域试点告知承诺制，让企业准入更便利。	According to the memorandum, the Market Supervision and Regulation Bureau of Shanghai Municipality will support the Pudong New Area and Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone in carrying out a pilot program to apply the system of notification and commitment in three areas including the registration of the name of enterprises, licensing simply processed food and low-risk food production and giving approval to some types of measurement instruments, in order to provide enterprises with easier market access.
上海邵万生食品有限公司27日通过告知承诺方式当场取得《食品生产许可证 》 ， 成为首家享受试点红利的企业。	Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. obtained a Food Production License immediately through the system of notification and commitment on the 27th and became the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
企业负责人表示，食品许可也能当场拿证，而且还采取了“容缺受理”的方式，即允许企业按照告知承诺书约定的期限提交部分材料 ， “ 切实感受到了改革的便利 。 ”	The head of the company said that a Food Production License can be issued immediately on the day of applying. Enterprises are even allowed to submit only part of the materials specified in the plan of the system of the notification and commitment within a time limit. "We do feel the convenience brought by the reform. "
上海市场监管部门表示，对食品生产许可实施告知承诺制为全国率先试点。	The Market Supervision and Regulation Bureau of Shanghai Municipality said that the implementation of the notification and commitment system for the food production license is the first pilot in the country.
改革后，审批环节由之前的“登记、受理、现场核查、抽样检验、材料审核、审批制证”6个环节压缩至“登记、受理、审批制证”3个环节，办结时间由改革前的20个工作日，缩短至当场办结。	After the reform, the examination and approval process has been reduced from the previous six processes of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling examination, material review and approval and licensing" to four processes of "registration, acceptance and approval and licensing". All the processes can be handled in one day compared with the previous 20 working days.
考虑到浦东经济外向度高的特点，上海市场监管部门将外国（地区）企业常驻代表机构的登记事权下放给上海自贸区，方便企业就近办理。	Pudong has a highly export-oriented economy. Taking this into consideration, the Market Supervision and Regulation Bureau of Shanghai Municipality delegate the power of permanent representative institutions of foreign (regions) enterprises to the Free Trade Zone, so that enterprises can choose to obtain a license nearby.
统计显示，此次事权下放涉及上海自贸区内常驻代表机构共计1592户，其中99户已按新规办理。	Statistics show that 1,592 permanent representative institutions in the Free Trade Zone are involved in the delegation of power in total and 99 of the institutions have handled the service in accordance with the new regulations.
“十一”长假消费小调查：选择更加多元 旅游占据首位。	Survey on China's National Day holiday consumption: people are having more choices, but tourism is the most popular
国庆长假临近，人们的假期计划也逐渐敲定。	With the National Day holiday, or the "golden week", approaching, people are finalizing their plans.
《证券日报》记者近日在朋友圈针对“十一”假期安排发起小调查，收到的近20条反馈显示，大家的计划虽然各有不同，但“旅游+消费”成为“十一”假期的关键词。	A reporter from Securities Daily conducted a survey on people's National Day holiday plan in WeChat's Moments and received 20 feedbacks. People are having different plans, but "travel + shopping" has become the keyword for the National Day holiday.
具体来看，在《证券日报》记者获得的反馈中，过半人士选择了旅游。	To be specific, half of the people choose to go on a trip during the holiday according to the survey carried out by the reporter from Securities Daily.
家住天津的刘先生表示 ， “ ‘十一’期间计划带着家人去上海游玩，迪士尼是第一站，然后再去周边城市转一转 ” ； 北京的李女士一家则选择了到我国台湾旅游 ， “ 一家三口9月28日出发，计划环岛十日游 ” ； 重庆的马小姐计划了出境游，目的地是新加坡；河北的张先生一家则选择了自驾游，他表示“女儿不到两岁，出远门不太方便，计划自驾去山东，在海边玩几天 ” 。	Mr Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said that "The whole family is planning to go to Shanghai during the National Day holiday. We made Shanghai Disneyland our first stop before travelling to neighbouring cities." Ms Li, who lives in China's capital Beijing, chooses to travel to China's Taiwan province with her family. "We three are planning to go on September 28th and spend ten days travelling all over the island," she said. aMs Ma from Chongqing makes a plan for outbound travel with Singapore as her destination. Mr Zhang from China's northern Hebei province plans for a road trip with his family. He said that "It will be quite difficult for us to travel far since my daughter's only one year old, so we're going to Shandong by car and spend a few days by the sea."
同程艺龙与同程旅游近日联合发布的《2019国庆黄金周居民出行及出游趋势报告》显示，今年国庆黄金周的出行及出游在行、住、游三个细分领域消费升级趋势明显。	The Report on Residents' Travel Trends for the Golden Week of the National Day of 2019 issued jointly by online travel agencies Tongcheng Yilong and Tongcheng Travel shows that the consumption will witness an upgrade in the transportation, hotel and tourism industry during the golden week.
飞机、高铁出行的渗透率稳步提升，星级酒店、个性化非标住宿需求占比提升。	The marketing penetration rates of aeroplanes and high-speed railways are steadily growing. The needs for star hotels and non-standard accommodations, such as apartments, inns and B&Bs, account for a higher percentage of all needs for accommodations.
9月23日，美团发布的《2019国庆旅游消费趋势报告》显示，旅游消费持续旺盛，并呈现“吃住行玩”多元化升级态势。	The 2019 China’s Tourism Consumption Trends for the National Day Golden Week issued by China's leading e-commerce platform for services Meituan on September 23th shows that tourism consumption remains high and food, accommodation, transportation and entertainment consumption are all upgrading.
更多年轻人出游青睐高品质、有特色的体验，文化旅游、夜间旅游等热度持续高涨。	More young people prefer quality tourism and special experiences. Cultural tourism and night tourism are becoming more popular.
除旅游外，各类消费需求也在“十一”期间集中释放。	Besides, consumer demand is also going to grow during the National Day holiday.
家住成都的王先生告诉《证券日报》记者 ， “ 今年‘十一’的主要计划是买车 。 ”	Mr Wang from Chengdu told the reporter from Securities Daily that "Buying a car is my main priority during the holiday."
北京某汽车品牌4S店工作人员对《证券日报》记者表示，一般来讲，每年的9月份、10月份被称为汽车销售的黄金期。	An employee from a 4S car shop in Beijing told Securities Daily that usually, September to October is the "golden period" for car sales each year.
“十一”期间门店将推出不少活动，例如抽奖、到店立减等。	Bricks and mortar shops are going to launch sales promotions during the National Day holiday, such as lottery drawing and price reductions.
另外近期不少品牌推出了新车型，预计新品对销量的提振效果会比较明显。	Moreover, many car companies have launched new models recently. It is estimated that this will significantly promote car sales.
消费升级趋势下，人们更重视精神层面的需求满足，文化、教育等服务消费占比不断提升。	People are now focusing more on satisfying spiritual needs, thus the increase in culture, education and other services consumption.
家住北京的杜女士表示 ， “ 自从孩子出生，文化、教育消费成为家庭消费支出的大头。	Ms Du from Beijing said that "Culture and education consumption has always accounted for a high percentage ever since the child was born."
今年‘十一’排得满满当当，要去‘打卡’天文馆、儿童剧院，约了几个家庭周末去麋鹿博物馆搭帐篷露营，还安排了一些试听体验课 。 ”	Children are given so many plans during the National Day holiday, such as going to planetariums and children theatres. Several families are planning to pitch tents and go camping in the Elk Museum. Children are also going to attend some trial classes during the holiday.
有业内人士表示，理论上讲，居民的消费升级演变路径是由生存型消费向发展型消费和享受型消费演进，其中享受型消费中的相当一部分内容为服务类消费的范畴。	Experts said that theoretically speaking, the consumption upgrade is a process of switching from surviving-target consumption to development-target consumption and enjoyment-target consumption. Service consumption accounts for a high percentage of enjoyment-target consumption.
随着我国经济社会的不断发展与居民收入水平的日益攀升，人们越来越注重精神层面的消费需求，旅游、出行便是一种很好的方式。	With the growth in China's economy and people's income, people will focus more on spiritual-level consumption. Travelling is a good choice for them.
尤其是赶上“十一”国庆长假，时间较为充裕，人们更乐意旅行和消费，这既能满足精神层面的消费需求，又是居民消费升级的体现。	This is especially true during the National Day holiday when people are having more time to go travelling and shopping. This will not only meet the consumer demand but also reflect consumption upgrades.
下午就开始了寂寞，又不愿意出门，还没有调整好孩子们不在身边的状态。	I had felt lonely since the afternoon, but I didn’t want to go out. I hadn’t adjusted my state without my kids around me.
打点起精神，对狗狗纳纳说：妈妈带你出门。	Bracing myself up, I said to my dog Nana: Mom will take you out.
细细地写了出门要办的几宗事情，A型血的性格特征越来越强悍起来，自己都觉得很别扭。	I wrote down some things that need to be handled in detail. The characteristics of blood type A were increasingly obvious so that I even felt uncomfortable myself.
取西服，买营养粒，付款，买生鱼片，纳纳的小零食。	Picking up the suit, paying the bills, buying the nutrition caplets, raw fish and snacks for Nana.
以上就是出门的理由。	The above is the reason for going out.
电话里，刚刚对妹妹爱蔷説完多亏有了纳纳，不然连买小零食的藉口都没了。	I just told my young sister Aiqiang on the phone that thanks to Nana, I had excuses to buy snacks.
那边敷衍地笑了几声，说孩子来电话啦就挂掉了。	She laughed perfunctorily and hung up because her kids were coming around.
纳纳轻车熟路地跳上助手席，老老实实地趴下，她知道自己晕车，惶恐不安，又不甘心不陪我。	Nana jumped in the passenger’s side deftly and got down quietly. She was scared of her carsickness, but she wanted to keep me company.
丈夫博奥难得早早回来了。	Unusually for my husband Boao, he came back very early.
连连赞叹三文鱼拌牛油果的沙拉做的好吃，然后就去卧室躺在床上看电视了。	He kept praising that the salad with salmon and avocado was tasteful and then watched television on the bed in the bedroom.
看一眼墙上的鈡，刚刚7点，日出之国日落也早，天已经黑了下来。	I looked at the clock on the wall, it was just seven. The land of the rising sun also had an early sunset. The sky had already gotten dark.
朋友圈里都在发明月，原来今天竟是中秋。	Friends were all posting the bright moon. It was mid-autumn.
洗了一串友人寄来的葡萄，留一半给博奥，剩下的就放在喜欢的小花碗里，端出去看月亮。	I washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends and left half of them to Aobo. I put the other half into the bowl with floral prints that I liked and enjoyed them while watching the moon.
和纳纳坐在地上，我吃葡萄她吃皮，我再把葡萄的籽儿用力吐得远远的。	Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate the grapes while she ate the skin. Then I put forth my strength to spit the seeds far away.
月亮是躲在云层里的，好在云在走，月亮就忽隐忽现起来，一明一暗的倒有些刺眼。	The moon hid in the cloud which was moving, so the moon was flickering and a bit dazzling.
脑子里汹涌着关于明月的各种诗词，偏偏只清晰地喜欢这句：每逢三五便团圆/满把清光护玉栏/天上一轮才捧出/人间万姓仰头看。	I came up with many poems about the moon, but I only liked this line: Tis what time three meets five, selene is a globe! Her pure rays fill the court, the jade-like rails enrobe! Lo! In the heavens her disk to view doth now arise, and in the earth below to gaze men lift their eyes.
可能我们赋予月色太多的情感了吧，对于现在的我来説，其实，那句上帝的归上帝，凯撒的归凯撒是最好的吧。	We might have endowed the moon with too much affection. For me now, actually, "Pay to Caesar what belongs to Caesar and God what belongs to God," might be the best.
月色归月色，情绪归你自己吧。	Moonlight is moonlight, the mood belongs to yourself.
吃完了葡萄，这一团冷月凉飕飕的呢。	After having the grapes, I felt the coldness from the moon.
纳纳团在脚边有了微微的鼾声，站起身，把纳纳的小毛毯铺在她的小房子边上，纳纳欢快地卧在上面。	Nana was snoring slightly next to my feet. I stood up and put her little blanket beside her small house. Nana lied down happily on the blanket.
拉开门大声喊：洗澡水烧好了吗？	He pulled the door open and yelled: is the bath water ready?
从浴室的窗户是望不到月亮的，只能感受到月色，关掉浴室的灯，哗地拉开玻璃。	I couldn’t see the moon from the window of bathroom, but I could feel the moonlight after turning off the light and opening up the window.
没吃月饼，也没喝酒。	We didn’t have the mooncake or alcohol.
2020年迪拜世博会发布吉祥物。	Mascots for World Expo 2020 Dubai Unveiled.
2020年迪拜世博会吉祥物发布仪式26日在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜举行。	The unveiling ceremony of mascots for World Expo 2020 Dubai was held on 26 September in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
吉祥物由6个卡通形象组成，包括两名阿联酋儿童、3个会飞的机器人和一棵阿联酋国树牧豆树。	The mascots consist of six cartoon images, including two Emirati children, three flying robots and an Emirati Ghaf tree.
发布会通过播放视频短片向观众介绍了6个吉祥物的信息。	At the unveiling ceremony, six mascots were introduced to the audience through a video.
9岁男孩拉希德和8岁女孩拉提法是兄妹俩，代表阿联酋人民。	The two Emirati children are siblings. They are nine-year-old Rashid and his eight-year-old sister Latifa, representing the people in the UAE.
3个机器人对应本届世博会的3个副主题，蓝色机器人代表“流动性 ” ， 绿色机器人代表“可持续性 ” ， 黄色机器人代表“机遇 ” 。	The three robots, which are blue, green and yellow, represent Expo 2020's three sub-themes of Mobility, Sustainability and Opportunity, respectively.
一棵古老的牧豆树被命名为“萨拉玛 ” ， 是5个“小家伙”的“老祖母 ” ， 象征着守护这片土地的祖先。	The old Ghaf tree is named Salama. It is the "great grandmother" of the other five "little guys", representing ancestors of the UAE who have been protecting the land.
迪拜世博会高级委员会主席艾哈迈德表示，吉祥物可以加强大型活动与参与者之间的情感联系 ， “ 相信迪拜世博会的吉祥物将传递讲述故事的传统精神，展示本土人才的创造力，表达我们的雄心和期待 ” 。	Sheikh Ahmed Al Maktoum, chairman of the Expo 2020 Dubai Higher Committee, said that the mascot could be an emotional connection between the great event and its participants. "I believe that our mascots will help pass on the traditional spirit, show the creativity of local talents and express our ambition and expectations."
阿联酋副总统兼总理、迪拜酋长穆罕默德、迪拜王储哈姆丹、阿联酋国际合作事务国务部长、迪拜世博局主任莉姆·哈希米等出席了发布仪式。	The Vice President, Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai, His Highness Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, and UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation and Director General Bureau Expo Dubai 2020, Her Excellency Reem Al Hashimy attended the ceremony.
迪拜世博会将于2020年10月20日至2021年4月10日在迪拜举行，主题为“沟通思想，创造未来 ” 。	World Expo 2020 Dubai will be held between October 20th 2020 to April 10th 2021 with a theme of "Connecting Minds, Creating the Future".
这将是世博会首次在中东地区举办。	This will be the first World Expo ever held in the Middle East.
明年开始中国学生可凭高考成绩申请德国本科	Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate degree programs from next year.
近日，德国负责对国外学历进行评估认证的Anabin数据库于官网宣布：2020年开始，中国的高中毕业生可以凭高考成绩直接申请德国大学本科，不需要先在国内大学入学注册。	The Anabin Database for the assessment of foreign degrees in Germany has announced on the official website recently: From 2020, Chinese high school graduates can apply for German undergraduate degree programs by their grades of National College Entrance Examination.
在此之前，中国高中毕业生想要申请德国大学，需要在国内本科学习一学期（211，985大学）或三学期（普通本科 ） ， 且通过APS审核或TestAS考试。	By then, to get access to German universities Chinese high school graduates need to study the undergraduate programs in China for one semester (211, 985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate), and need to pass APS assessment or TestAS examination.
新规的发布，或将为有意愿留学德国的中国学生至少节省半年时间。	The release of new policy might save at least half a year’s time for Chinese students with the willingness to study in Germany.
据悉，新规将于2019年下半年开始生效。	It is reported that the new policy will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
申请者需满足：完成12年正规义务教育，获得高中毕业证书；参加会考、高考，且高考分数达到总分的70%及以上（若总分750分，则需达到525分以上 ） ， 并且其中包含两门语言成绩以及一门数学或自然科学成绩等要求。	The applicants need to meet the following requirements: completed the 12-year formal compulsory education, gained the high school diploma; wrote the general examination and National College Entrance Examination, and the grades of National College Entrance Examination should reach 70％ or over 70％ of the total score (if the total score is 750, it needs to be 525 or above), which includes two language courses’ grades and one math or natural science’s grades.
此外，具体专业对高考成绩的要求不尽相同。	In addition, various majors have different requirements on the grades of National College Entrance Examination.
例如，申请医药学、口腔医学类、兽医学、药学等专业，高考分数需达到满分的80 % ， 且高考科目必须包含数学，物理，化学，生物中的至少两门，或参加理综；申请法律类专业，高考分数需达到满分的80 % ， 且高考科目必须包含外语，历史，地理中的至少两门，或参加文综。	For example, the grade should reach 80 % of the total score to apply for Medical Science, Oral Medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy and so on, and the subjects of the Examination must include at least two subjects of math, physics, chemistry and biology, or the integrated test in science; the grade should reach 80 % of the total score to apply for Law, and he subjects of the Examination must include at least two subjects of foreign language, history and geography, or the comprehensive liberal art test.
据不完全统计，目前已有包括德国、英国、加拿大、澳大利亚等在内的多个国家认可中国高考成绩。	According to the incomplete statistics, there have been many countries acknowledging the grades of National College Entrance Examination in China so far, including Germany, Britain, Canada and Australia.
以英国为例，剑桥大学、伯明翰大学、莱斯特大学等高校，均接受中国学子凭借高考成绩申请就读。	Take Britain for example, Cambridge University, University of Birmingham, University of Leicester and so one are accepting Chinese students’ applications by using their grades of National College Entrance Examination.
军用“机器狗”先上表演课 太阳剧团：考虑纳入表演阵容。	The military “robot dog” go to performance class first Cirque du Soleil: considering making it a part of its performances.
美军出资研发用于战场的“机器狗 ” ， 现在可能更先登上马戏团舞台了！	The “robot dog” funded by the US, which was developed for military use, might first appear on the stage of the circus for performances!
太阳马戏团日前表示，正在与研发机器人的波士顿动力科技公司（Boston Dynamics）接洽，商讨机器人应用于马戏团表演的可行性。	Yesterday, Cirque du Soleil expressed that they were consulting with Boston Dynamics, a robotics design company, to discuss making robot a part of its performances.
综合外媒报导，波士顿动力科技公司24日公布“四足机器人Spot”的宣传影片，内容显示Spot是一款敏捷的移动机器人，可承重14公斤，拥有高度适应越野地形的机动性、360度避障功能、导航、远端控制及自主性。	According to the reports from foreign media, Boston Dynamics released a video on 24th advertising its “Quadruped Robot Spot”. The video demonstrated that Spot is a nimble mobile robot which can carry 14 kilograms of gear. It is well adapted to the cross-country terrains with 360-degree barrier-avoiding capability, navigation, remote control and autonomy,
特别的是，Spot具有只针对Spot特别开发的专属软体平台，使用者可透过各种应用程式自行设定Spot机器人功能。	Remarkably, specific software aimed at Spot is developed for users to set its functions through various application programs.
波士顿动力科技公司在1992年首度发表机器狗的构想，当时造成轰动，不过至今仍未真正投入商业应用。	Boston Dynamics first conceived the idea of robot dog in 1992, causing a sensation. Yet it has not been applied into business up to now.
不过，波士顿动力科技公司指出，目前Spot已进入量产阶段，订购者多以建筑、能源业者为主。	However, Boston Dynamics noted that Spot has been produced in large quantities with most orders coming from people in the industry of architecture and energy.
此外，太阳马戏团目前正与波士顿动力科技公司接洽当中，太阳马戏团说，这项计画尚在构思阶段，正在评估Spot使用于表演现场的潜力。	In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently consulting with Boston Dynamics. Cirque du Soleil said that this plan is still at the conceptual phase and they are evaluating the potential for the on-the-spot demonstration of Spot.
国务院新闻办公室发布《新时代的中国与世界》白皮书	The State Council Information Office of the People’s Republic of China published a white paper titled with “China and the World in the New Era.”
在中华人民共和国成立70周年之际，国务院新闻办公室27日发布《新时代的中国与世界》白皮书。	On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, the State Council Information Office released the white paper “China and the World in the New Era” on the 27th.
中宣部副部长、国务院新闻办公室主任徐麟表示，白皮书围绕“中国从哪里来、向哪里去 ” “ 中国推动建设什么样的世界 ” “ 发展起来的中国如何与世界相处”等问题，系统介绍中国的发展成就、发展道路、发展走向，深入阐述中国与世界的关系，以增进国际社会对中国发展的了解和理解。	Xu Lin, the Deputy Minister of the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China and the Director of the State Council Information Office, said that the white paper centers on questions including “where does China come from and where to go”, “what kind of world does China promote to build”, and “how will a developed China perform on the world platform”. It systematically introduces China’s development achievements, development routes, as well as development trends. Through an in-depth elaboration of China’s relationship with the world, the white paper also aims to improve the understanding of the international community towards China’s development.
白皮书指出，70年来，在中国共产党领导下，中国发生了翻天覆地的变化，创造了人类历史上前所未有的发展奇迹，特别是党的十八大以来，中国发展取得历史性成就、发生历史性变革。	The white paper points out that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China in the past 70 years, China has undergone tremendous changes and created an unprecedented development miracle in human history. Especially, ever since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the country has made historic achievements and historical changes.
白皮书通过大量数据和事实，介绍了70年来中国发展的巨大成就、重大意义、世界贡献。	The white paper introduces the tremendous achievements, significance and the contribution to the world of China’s development during the past 70 years through a large amount of data and facts.
白皮书指出，中国用几十年时间走完了发达国家几百年走过的发展历程，经济总量跃居世界第二，近14亿人民摆脱了物质短缺，总体达到小康水平，享有前所未有的尊严和权利。	The white paper points out that China has spent decades to complete the development process that has taken the developed countries hundreds of years to finish. Now its economic aggregate ranks the 2nd in the world, nearly 1.4 billion people have casted off the predicament of material shortage reaching a well-off level overall and enjoying unprecedented dignity and right.
白皮书强调，70年来，中国人民白手起家、自力更生、艰苦奋斗，干出了一片新天地；70年来，中国在与世界的联系互动中发展，拥抱世界、学习世界、贡献世界；70年来，中国在实现自我发展的同时，为世界和平作出了贡献，为各国共同发展注入了动力。	The white paper stressed that during the past 70 years Chinese people, being self-reliant and hard-working, have built the New China from nothing and struggled to create a new world for their own. For 70 years, China has developed through connections and interactions with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world at the same time. For 70 years, China has contributed to maintain the world peace and injected momentum into the joint development of other countries when realizing its self-development.
白皮书指出，70年来，中国发展取得成功，根本原因是在中国共产党领导下，中国人民找到了中国特色社会主义这条正确发展道路并且沿着这条道路坚定不移地走下去。	The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China’s development in the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China the Chinese people found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and followed such road unswervingly.
白皮书强调，中国特色社会主义道路，是一条从本国国情出发确立的道路，是一条把人民利益放在首位的道路，是一条改革创新的道路，是一条在开放中谋求共同发展的道路，是一条全面依法治国的道路。	It stresses that the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a path established on the basis of the national conditions of this country. It is a path that put the interests of people first, a path of reform and innovation, a path seeking common development in opening-up, and a path of governing the country in full accordance with the law.
中国的这条发展道路，符合中国国情，适应时代要求，将随着时代前进越来越显示出光明的发展前景。	This development path is in line with China’s national condition and adapts to the requirements of the current era. It is going to show a bright development prospect with the advance of time.
针对国际社会对中国发展的关切，白皮书强调，实现国家富强、民族振兴、人民幸福，既是中国人民的梦想，也是各国人民的共同梦想。	In response to the concerns about China’s development from the international community, the white paper emphasizes that it is the Chinese people’s dream as well as the common expectation of the people of the world to realize national prosperity, national revitalization, and people’s happiness.
白皮书指出，中国是世界经济增长的主要稳定器和动力源，全方位对外开放为各国发展创造更多机会，中国为国际社会提供更多公共产品，中国发展为其他发展中国家提供经验和借鉴，中国绝不走“国强必霸”的路子。	The white paper points out that China is the major stabilizer and the power source of the world economic growth. Its comprehensive opening-up creates more opportunities for the development of countries around the world. China provides more public products to the international community. China’s development offers experience and reference to other developing countries. China will never take the path of “A strong nation is bound to seek hegemony.”
面对“世界怎么了、人类怎么办”的时代之问，白皮书指出，当今世界正处于百年未有之大变局，人类社会既充满希望，又充满挑战。	Faced with the questions of the era “what happens to the world and what are the human race going to do”, the white paper points out that the current world is faced with major changes that we have not encountered for hundreds of years. The human society is full of hope as well as challenges.
中国提出构建人类命运共同体，开辟出合作共赢、共建共享的发展新道路，为人类发展提供了新的选择。	China proposes to build a community of common destiny for all mankind, to open up a new development path features win-win cooperation, joint construction and sharing. Such propose provides new options for human development.
白皮书呼吁各国团结起来，构建新型国际关系，推动新型经济全球化，维护以联合国为核心的国际体系，推动文明交流互鉴，共同推动构建人类命运共同体，建设更加美好的世界。	The white paper advocates all countries to unite, to build a new type of international relationships, to promote new economic globalization, to maintain an international system with the United Nations as its core, to promote exchanges and mutual learning of different civilizations, and jointly build a shared future and a better world for the human race.
随着中国的日益发展，国际社会普遍关注发展起来的中国如何与世界相处。	With the growing development of China, the international community pays general attention towards how the developing China gets along with the world.
白皮书指出，中国的发展离不开世界，世界的和平发展、繁荣稳定离不开中国。	The white paper points that the development of China cannot be achieved separated from the world platform, and the world’s peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be realized without China.
中国始终把自身发展置于人类发展的坐标系中，坚持合作共赢、共同发展，坚持维护和推动经济全球化，积极发展全球伙伴关系，坚定支持多边主义、维护国际公平正义，推动共建“一带一路”高质量发展，积极参与引领全球治理体系改革和建设，始终做世界和平的建设者、全球发展的贡献者、国际秩序的维护者。	China has always placed the development of itself in the coordinate system of the development of the human race. China sticks to win-win cooperation and common development, adheres to maintain and promote the economic globalization, actively develops global partnership, firmly supports multilateralism, safeguards international fairness and justice, drives forward the joint high-quality development of “the Belt and Road Initiative”, and actively participate in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system. China will always be the contributor of the world peace and development, as well as the vindicator of the international order.
当前，中国发展进入了新时代。	Currently, China’s development has entered into a new era.
白皮书指出，新时代的中国，走中国特色社会主义道路的决心不会改变，与其他国家互学互鉴、合作共赢的决心不会改变，与世界携手同行的决心不会改变。	The white paper points that in this new era, China will not change its determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, to learn from other countries and to establish win-win cooperation with them, as well as to go hand in hand with the world.
白皮书最后指出，当今世界，各国的前途命运从来没有像现在这样紧密相连。	The white paper concludes that the future and destiny of each country has never been so closely connected to each other as they are in the current international community.
《新时代的中国与世界》白皮书，由前言、正文和结束语组成，全文2.9万余字。	The white paper, “China and the World in the New Era”, is composed of the preface, the body and the conclusion. The full text is around 29,000 words.
白皮书以中、英、法、俄、德、西、阿、日等8个语种发布，由人民出版社、外文出版社分别出版，在全国新华书店发行。	The white paper is published by People’s Publishing House and Foreign Language Publishing House in Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic, and Japanese. It is distributed by the Xinhua Bookstore across China.
马华是否上阵柔佛州丹绒比艾国会议席补选？	Will Malaysian Chinese Association run for the by-election of the seat of People's Assembly at Tanjung Piai in Johor?
马华总会长拿督斯里魏家祥 ： “ 交国阵最高理事会讨论 ！ ”	The President of Malaysian Chinese Association Wee Ka Siong said: “We will leave it to the Supreme Court of National Front!”
丹绒比艾国席补选在即，国阵成员党的马华是否上阵这个传统国席引人关注。	The Tanjung Piai by-election for the Dewan Rakyat seat is around the corner, whether Malaysian Chinese Association which is the member party of National Front will be elected for this traditional seat of People's Assembly has been brought into focus.
然而，马华中委会召开会议后，宣布交由国阵最高理事会去决定这个马华传统议席，是否继续交由马华上阵或交由其他成员党顶替。	However, the Central Committee of Malaysian Chinese Association held a conference and announced that they would leave the decision to the Supreme Court of National Front on whether the seat would be gained by Malaysian Chinese Association or other member parties.
魏家祥周四下午在主持马华中委会会议后，向媒体表示，任何的补选，国阵将根据标准作业程序（SOP）进行，即需通过国阵最高理事会开会后，才能定案。	After presiding over the conference of the Central Committee of Malaysian Chinese Association in the afternoon on Thursday, Wee Ka Siong told the media that the National Front would base any by-elections on the standard operation procedure (SOP). That is, it cannot be decided until the conference is held by the Supreme Court of National Front.
他说，由于选举委员会将于下周一（1日）才开会敲定丹绒比艾国席补选事宜，因此国阵最高理事会会议预料在10月初召开。	He said the conference of the Supreme Court of National Front is expected to take place at the beginning of October, because the Election Committee would not hold a conference to make decisions about relevant issues on Tanjung Piai by-election for the seat of People's Assembly until next Monday (1st).
“昨天（26日）早上，我也见了国阵主席拿督斯里阿末扎希，我们都一致认同必须从希望联盟手中重夺这个议席 。 ”	“Yesterday (26th) morning, I also met with the chairman of the National Front Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, and we both agreed that we should regain this seat from Alliance of Hope.”
“我们敲定于10月初召开一项特别国阵领导人会议，国阵三党党魁将确定由哪一个成员党上阵 。 ”	“We decided to hold a special conference for the leaders of the National Front at the beginning of October, and the chairmen of three Parties in the National Front decide which member party will be elected.”
询及马华会否向国阵最高理事会坚持上阵这个传统议席，魏家祥则重申，他作为马华总会长，必须根据标准作业程序行事，因此任何的决定必须取得国阵共识。	When asked whether Malaysian Chinese Association would urge the Supreme Court of National Front to elect it, Wee Ka Siong reiterated that he would rely on the standard operation procedure as President of Malaysian Chinese Association, so they must reach a consensus with the National Front before making any decisions.
“在任何的补选，有人愿意出征，有政党、有某方面认为他们应该出来，这是司空见惯的一件事 。 ”	“It is commonplace for someone running for any by-elections and the political parties also think they should do that.”
“最重要的是我们是来自什么组织及政治联盟？”	“The most important is that to which organization and political union do we belong?”
“这是对我们多年来组成政治联盟的大考验，我们相信国阵一路走来，秉持着一些可贵的价值 。 ”	“This will be a good test of our political union and we believe that the National Front has kept something valuable through the whole journey.”
“在这个过程中，可能有人会说些话，那是见怪不怪的。”	“In this process, it is normal for someone to say something.”
“但是，一旦国阵最高理事会做了决定，大家就必须全力备战，那才是最可贵的 。 ”	“However, the most important is that we should try our best once the Supreme Court of National Front makes a decision.”
无论如何，魏家祥表示，马华将以三层次，即区会、州联委会及中央，全力以赴为来临的丹绒比艾国席补选做准备。	“Anyway, Wee Ka Siong expressed that Malaysian Chinese Association would spare no efforts to prepare for the coming Tanjung Piai by-election based on three levels, namely the District, Joint Committee of the State and the Center.”
“区会方面由（丹绒比艾）区会主席拿督斯里黄日升来领导；州联委会则会由柔州联委会署理主席拿督林培兴领导；至于中央则会由署理总会长拿督马汉顺及总秘书拿督张盛闻亲自部署 。 ”	“The District will be led by the Chairman of the (Tanjung Piai) District Wee Jeck Seng”; the Joint Committee of the State will be led by the Acting Chairman of the Johor Joint Committee Lin Peixing; the Center will be deployed by the Acting President of Malaysian Chinese Association Ma Hanshun and the Secretary General Zhang Shengwen.”
上周六（21日 ） ， 土著团结党丹绒比艾国会议员拿督莫哈末法立因心脏问题，在笨珍政府医院逝世，得年42岁。	Last Saturday (21st), the senator of Malaysia United Indigenous Party of Tanjung Piai, Muhamad Farid Saad, died of a heart attack in Pontian Hospital at the age of 42.
湖北保康县一村民猎捕野生动物被责令“义务巡山 ”	A villager at Baokang County in Hubei was punished by “patrolling the mountains voluntarily” due to hunting wildlife.
湖北保康县一村民因猎捕野生动物被判刑，同时责令其赔偿生态资源环境损害修复费用15420元(人民币，下同 ) 。	A villager at Baokang County in Hubei was sentenced due to hunting wildlife. In the meanwhile, he was punished by losing 15420 Yuan (RMB, the same below) as the compensatory payment for repairing the ecological environment.
由于被告人家庭贫困，检察机关启用替代性劳动补偿生态修复费用，实现了法律效果和社会效果的有机统一。	Since the defendant is poor, the procuratorial organs use labor camp to replace the compensatory payment for repairing the ecological environment, realizing the organic unity of legal and social effect.
保康县检察院副检察长王忠良27日介绍，通过3个月“义务巡山”等替代性劳动，被告人周某已经和野生猕猴建立了深厚感情，并对之前捕猎动物行为深感自责。	On 27th, Wang Zhongliang, the vice procurator of Baokang County’s procuratorate, said that the defendant Mr. Zhou has build a deep emotional bond with the wild macaque and felt guilty about his previous action of hunting animals after “patrolling the mountains voluntarily” and other labors for three months.
今年6月21日，保康县检察院提起的一起生态资源领域刑事附带民事公益诉讼案，在县法院公开审理并当庭宣判。	In June 21 this year, a criminal and civil public benefit case on the field of ecological resources was initiated by Baokang County’s procuratorate and was put on public trial with the judgment being passed in court.
被告人周某被判处有期徒刑3年，缓刑4年，并处罚金3000元，同时责令其赔偿生态资源环境损害修复费用15420元。	The defendant Mr. Zhou was sentenced to three years' imprisonment with four years’ probation and a penalty of 3000 Yuan. Meanwhile, he was punished by losing 15420 Yuan as the compensatory payment for repairing the ecological environment.
经查，周某从2014年1月下旬开始在山崖处架设电网，先后猎捕野生动物20余只，包括斑羚、小麂、毛冠鹿等。	Through investigation, Mr. Zhou had started setting up the power grid in the mountains since January in 2014 and hunted more than 20 wild animals, including goral, muntjac and elaphodus cephalophus.
斑羚属于国家二级濒危野生保护动物，小麂、毛冠鹿被列为《国家陆生野生动物保护名录 》 。	Goral is the second-class national protected wild animals that are endangered, while muntjac and elaphodus cephalophus are classified into the National Protection List of Terrestrial Wild Animals.
庭审过程中，周某对自己的不法事实和行为供认不讳，并愿意承担附带民事责任。	In the court trial, Mr. Zhou confess everything about his corpus delicti and was willing to take the additional civil responsibilities.
但考虑到周某家中经济情况较差，在保康县检察院协调下，当地村委会、林站、周某三方达成替代性劳动补偿生态修复费用协议：即周某通过在村猕猴保护区进行猕猴驯养管护工作、义务巡山、森林防护一年，提供公益劳务抵偿生态修复费用。	Given the poor economic condition of Mr. Zhou’s family, the local village committee, forestry depot and Mr. Zhou reached a tripartite agreement under the coordination of Baokang County’s procuratorate, using labor camp to replace the compensatory payment for repairing the ecological environment. That is, Mr. Zhou provides public services such as domesticating and looking after macaques at the conservation area of macaques, patrolling the mountains voluntarily, and protecting the forest for one year, to compensate for the cost of ecological remediation.
对于检察官的建议，法院表示认可，同意周某执行缓刑的同时，积极履行“替代性劳动补偿生态修复费用”的义务。	The court approved the proposal from the procurator and agreed that Mr. Zhou actively performs his duty to work as a compensation for the cost of ecological remediation during his probation.
目前，周某已在猕猴保护区义务劳动3个月，巡山积极，表现良好。	So far, Mr. Zhou has voluntarily worked at the conservation area of macaques for three months with good performance in actively patrolling the mountains.
近年来，保康县检察院在实践中将检察职能和社会治理行为有机融合，科学运用检察建议、侦查监督、诉讼监督等监督方式，借助司法手段将犯罪行为对生态环境造成的损害降到最低。	In recent years, Baokang County’s procuratorate has organically integrated procuratorial functions into social governance in practice through the scientific use of procuratorial suggestions, investigation supervision of proceedings and so on, minimizing the damage to ecological environment caused by criminal acts with the help of judicial measure.
联合国为“蚂蚁森林”颁发“地球卫士奖 ”	Ant Forest was honored with the Champions of the Earth award by the United Nations
在热烈的掌声和恢宏的音乐声中 ， “ 蚂蚁森林”项目负责人徐笛和用户代表沈钧亮走上领奖台，从主持人手中接过了2019年联合国“地球卫士奖”的奖杯。	Amid warm applause and magnificent music, the Ant Forest project leader Xu Di and user representative Shen Junliang walked onto the podium to take over the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Champions of the Earth" from the host's hands.
2019年“地球卫士奖”颁奖典礼26日在美国纽约举行，用手机小程序带动数亿人参与环保行动的“蚂蚁森林”项目荣获其中的“激励与行动奖”奖项。	The "Ant Forest", a project that leveraged mobile applets to encourage hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection activities, had been recognized in the "Inspiration and Action" category at the "2019 Champions of the Earth" award ceremony held in New York, USA on the 26th.
一周前，联合国环境规划署就已在位于肯尼亚首都内罗毕的总部宣布了获奖名单，但当天参加颁奖典礼的人们仍然难掩激动。	A week ago, the United Nations Environment Program had announced the list of winners at its headquarter in Nairobi, Kenya, but the people who participated in the award ceremony on that day were still unable to contain their excitement.
联合国环境规划署执行主任英厄·安诺生接受新华社记者采访时表示 ， “ 蚂蚁森林”是一个令人激动的创新，它让数亿人行动起来，去了解人类面临的环境挑战以及人类可以为环境做些什么。	In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, Inge An Nuosheng, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Program, said, "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that enables hundreds of millions of people to take actions and understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humans can do for the environment.
它用科技把人和环境连接起来，让每个个体都能参与到保护地球的行动中，这将产生巨大影响。	By leveraging technology to connect people with the environment, it allows every individual to take part in the actions to protect planet earth, which will have a huge impact.
“蚂蚁森林”由中国蚂蚁金融服务集团（简称蚂蚁金服）于2016年8月在支付宝平台推出，用户通过在“蚂蚁森林”里记录自己日常生活中的绿色出行、在线支付水电费等低碳行动积攒“绿色能量 ” ， 在手机里“种树 ” 。	Launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial Services for short) on Alipay platform in August 2016, "Ant Forest" allows users to accumulate "green energy" and "plant virtual trees" in their mobile phones by taking low-carbon actions such as recording the green footprints in their daily lives, paying utility bills online etc.
用户每养成一棵虚拟树 ， “ 蚂蚁森林”和公益伙伴就会在荒漠化地区种下一棵真树。	Every time the user has developed a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and its non-profit partners will plant a real tree in the desert area.
截至今年8月，5亿“蚂蚁森林”用户累计碳减排792万吨，在荒漠化地区种树1.22亿棵。	As of August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users had reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in the desert areas.
在当天颁发的“地球卫士奖”中，哥斯达黎加因国家环保努力而获奖，前来领奖的哥斯达黎加总统卡洛斯·阿尔瓦拉多在现场称赞了“蚂蚁森林”的贡献 ， “ 能够激发那么多人参与绿色行动，让人印象深刻 ” 。	In the "Champion of the Earth Awards" honored that day, Costa Rica had taken its reward for its national environmental efforts. The Costa Rica President Carlos Alvarado who came to receive the award hailed the contributions made by Ant Forest on the spot, which he said "is impressive to inspire so many people to take part in green actions."
蚂蚁金服董事长兼首席执行官井贤栋表示 ， “ 地球卫士奖”是对“蚂蚁森林”项目的肯定。	Jing Xiandong, the chairman and chief executive officer of Ant Financial Service Group, said that the "Champion of the Earth Award " was a nod to the Ant Forest Initiative.
技术和开放平台让人人参与低碳生活成为可能，这份荣誉属于所有参与者。	Technologies and open platforms made it possible for everyone to participate in the low-carbon life, and the honor belongs to all participants.
井贤栋表示，过去3年“蚂蚁森林”影响了5亿人，未来3年“蚂蚁森林”的目标是带动全球10亿人参与低碳行动。	Jing Xiandong said that the "Ant Forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the "Ant Forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people worldwide to participate in low-carbon actions.
在防治荒漠化、保护环境的同时，他们也在探索如何让农民的收入更多来源于青山绿水。	While fighting against desertification and protecting the environment, they were also exploring ways to bring the farmers more earnings from green mountains and clear waters.
除了通过种树提供就业机会外，还希望通过农产品开发项目、电商平台等帮助农民实现增收。	In addition to providing job opportunities of planting trees, they also wished to help farmers increase their income with agricultural product development projects and e-commerce platforms.
“蚂蚁森林”创建的基于数字技术的公益环保模式还成功出海，被其他国家借鉴。	The model of public environmental protection created by Ant Forest based on digital technology has also been successfully launched out overseas and followed by other countries.
今年6月，菲律宾规模最大的“电子钱包”GCash推出了菲律宾版“蚂蚁森林 ” ， 鼓励菲律宾用户通过低碳生活更好地保护环境。	In June this year, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines GCash had rolled out the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through a low-carbon lifestyle.
据介绍，GCash将同菲律宾环境与自然资源部、环保公益组织等携手，计划在项目启动一年内在菲律宾境内种下36.5万棵树。	According to reports, GCash will work together with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources and non-commercial environmental organizations to plant 365,000 trees in the territory of Philippines one year after the project is launched.
“地球卫士奖”是联合国环保领域的最高奖项，每年颁发一次。	The Champions of the Earth is the United Nations' top-level environmental honor which is awarded once a year.
“蚂蚁森林”获奖，是继中国塞罕坝林场建设者、中国浙江省“千村示范、万村整治”工程之后，来自中国的绿色创新项目连续第三年获得其中的“激励与行动奖”奖项。	Ant Forest's winning of the award came in the third consecutive year that a green innovation initiative from China has been recognized in the "Incentive and Action" category, following the Saihanba Forestation Community Project and the Zhejiang Green Rural Revival Program in China.
经贸摩擦影响美国经济“成绩单 ”。	Economic and trade friction affects the US economy
美国今年第二季度经济“成绩单”显示，受私人部门投资和出口大幅下滑影响，美国国内生产总值（GDP）增速比上季度明显放缓。	The report on the US economy in the second quarter of this year showed that the growth rate of the US gross domestic product (GDP) significantly slowed down from the previous quarter due to the huge decline in private sector investment and exports.
分析人士指出，经贸摩擦及其带来的不确定性是导致二季度私人部门投资和出口下滑的主因。	Analysts pointed out that the economic and trade friction and the uncertainties brought by it were the main factors behind the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
美国商务部26日公布的最终修正数据显示，二季度美国GDP按年率计算增长2 % ， 与此前公布的修正数据持平，但显著低于一季度的3.1 % 。	The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that the US GDP in the second quarter of this year grew at an annual rate of two percent, which was the same as the previously revised data, but was significantly lower than the 3.1 percent in the first quarter.
数据显示，消费增长成为支撑二季度美国经济增长的主要因素。	Data showed that consumption growth was the main contributor to US economic growth in the second quarter.
占美国经济总量约70%的个人消费支出当季环比增幅为4.6 % ， 拉动经济增长3.03个百分点。	The personal consumption expenditure, which accounted for about 70 percent of the US economy, increased by 4.6 percent quarter-on-quarter, promoting economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
此外，政府消费支出与投资拉动经济增长0.82个百分点。	Additionally, the government consumption expenditure and investment drove up the economy by 0.82 percentage points.
但是，二季度私人部门投资较上季度下滑6.3 % ， 拖累当季经济增长1.16个百分点；出口较上季度下滑5.7 % ， 净出口拖累当季经济增长0.68个百分点。	However, investment in private sectors dropped by 6.3 percent in the second quarter from the previous one, dragging down the economy by 1.16 percentage points in the quarter. Exports fell by 5.7 percent from the previous quarter and the net exports dragged the economy down by 0.68 percentage points in the quarter.
美国艾恩赛德宏观经济咨询公司管理合伙人巴里·克纳普表示，私人部门投资不仅没能保持去年增长的势头，反而出现大幅下降，这是因为经贸摩擦和不确定性上升对企业信心造成打击。	Barry Knapp, the managing partner at the US-based Ironsides Macroeconomics, said that investment in private sectors failed to maintain the growth rate of last year. Instead, it showed a sharp decline because of a lack of confidence in companies caused by the economic and trade friction and the rising uncertainties.
克纳普认为，在政策不确定性影响下，明年美国企业资本支出预计仍将处于下滑态势。	Knapp believed that due to the influence of uncertainty in policies, the capital expenditures of US enterprises were expected to continue to decline next year.
分析人士认为，尽管消费增长对二季度美国经济形成了有力支撑，但有越来越多的迹象显示，经贸摩擦及其带来的不确定性已经影响到消费者信心，并对美国消费前景构成不利影响。	Analysts believed that consumption growth had become a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, but there were more signs indicating that the economic and trade friction and the uncertainties caused had already affected consumer confidence and had brought negative impacts on the US consumer outlook.
调查负责人、密歇根大学经济学教授理查德·柯廷日前表示，在最近一次调查中，38%的消费者自发提及关税给美国经济带来的负面影响，这一比例是一年半来的新高。	Richard Curtin, head of the survey and a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said that in the latest survey, 38 percent of the consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impacts that tariffs had on the US economy. The proportion hit a new high in one and a half years.
对于未来美国经济走势，分析人士普遍认为美国经济将继续放缓。	Regarding the future of the US economy, analysts believed that it would continue to slow down.
但也有专家表示，如果经贸摩擦得到缓解，美国工业部门和金融市场的表现都将有所改善。	However, there were also some experts saying that if the economic and trade friction were alleviated, the performance of the US industrial sector and the financial market would be better.
英国经济学人智库全球经济学家凯琳·伯奇预计，未来美国经济将延续今年以来的逐步下滑趋势，增速将降到比二季度更低的水平。	Cailin Birch, an economist of the Economist Intelligence Unit(EIU) predicted that in the future, the US economy would continue this year's downward trend and its growth rate would drop to a lower level compared with the rate in the second quarter.
穆迪分析公司首席经济学家马克·赞迪预测，在假设经贸摩擦不再继续升级的前提下，今年美国经济增速将为2.3 % ， 明年将进一步放缓至1.6 % 。	Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody’s Corporation, predicted that if the economic and trade friction would not be more serious, the US economic growth rate this year would be 2.3 percent and would further slow down to 1.6 percent next year.
帕特南投资公司投资经理埃伦·哈岑指出，当前企业最大关切就是经贸争端及其带来的不确定性，如果经贸争端能得到解决，不确定性将大幅减少，产业部门的表现会比现在好很多。	The investment manager of Putnam Investments pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises was the economic and trade dispute and the uncertainty brought by it. If the dispute could be resolved, the uncertainty would be greatly reduced and the performance of the industrial sector would be much better.
米勒-塔巴克资产管理公司股票策略师马特·梅利说，经贸摩擦仍是“首要问题 ” ， 也是造成今年美国资本市场大幅波动的主要原因，经贸摩擦能否妥善解决，将是影响今年剩余时间里美国资本市场走向的关键。	Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that the economic and trade friction is still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether the economic and trade friction can be properly resolved will be the key to the future of US capital markets in the rest of the year.
宁夏首创夫妻共同育儿假 0至3岁子女父母每年可休10天	The parental leave is available to both husband and wife in Ningxia for the first time and parents whose children are at the age from 0 to 3 can take a ten-day leave every year
保障妇女合法权益，是尊重和保障人权的体现，也是社会文明进步的重要标志。	The guarantee of women’s legal rights reflects the respect and guarantee of human rights, as well as the important sign of development of social civilization.
9月27日，在宁夏回族自治区十二届人大常委会第十五次会议上 ， 《 宁夏回族自治区妇女权益保障条例 》 高票通过。	On the 15th conference of the 12th National People’s Congress in September 27, The Regulation On The Protection Of Women's Rights And Interests in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region was passed with an overwhelming majority of votes
这是宁夏首部省级制定颁布的全面系统维护妇女合法权益的地方性条例，将于2019年11月1日起正式实施。	This is the first local regulation formulated and issued by Ningxia at the provincial level to safeguard women’s legal rights in a systematic way. It will be officially implemented in November 1, 2019.
据了解，此次通过的《条例》是在2007年《宁夏实施〈中华人民共和国妇女权益保障法〉办法》的基础上重新修订的，分为9章65条，包括总则、政治权利、文化教育权益、劳动和社会保障权益、财产权益、人身权利、婚姻家庭权益、法律责任、附则。	It is reported that the Regulation passed this time is a revision on the Ningxia’s Measures For The Implementation of The People’s Republic Of China’s Law On The Protection Of Women's Rights And Interests in 2007, which is divided into nine chapters and sixty-five items, including general principles, political right, right to cultural education, right to labor and social security, property right, personal right, marriage and family rights, legal liability, and supplementary principles.
《条例》中，宁夏鼓励探索实行夫妻共同育儿假，在全国尚属首创。	In the Regulation, Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of entitling both husband and wife to take parental leave, which is unprecedented in the whole country.
今年4月，国务院办公厅颁布的《关于促进3岁以下婴幼儿照护服务发展的指导意见》对于夫妻共同育儿具有相关描述。	In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued The Guidance Of Improving Caring Services For Children Under The Age of Three has relevant description of the parental leave for both husband and wife.
宁夏在修订《条例》过程中，创新提出“鼓励用人单位对符合法律、法规规定育有子女的夫妻，在子女零至三周岁期间，每年给予夫妻双方各十天共同育儿假 ” 。	When revising the Regulation, Ningxia innovatively proposed that “employers are encouraged to grant a ten-day parental leave to both husband and wife annually, as long as their fertility behaviors are legitimate and their children are at the age from 0 to 3.”
同时 ， 《 条例》突出了反性骚扰和对女性未成年人的保护。	At the same time, Regulation highlights the anti-sexual harassment the protection for girls.
《条例》第43条中，吸纳了中国目前民法典人格权编中的最新立法成果，将性骚扰的构成要件、反性骚扰的主体和机制等予以了细化规定。	The 43rd item of the Regulation lists detailed rules on what constitutes sexual harassment and the main measures to prevent it based on the updated legislative achievements of Chinese Civil Code and Personal Rights.
《条例》第44条针对频发的性侵女童恶性事件予以明令禁止，并要求教育机构进行相关的教育、防护和防范工作，成为地方立法中保护女童的新标杆。	The 44th item of the Regulation bans the vicious incident of sexual assault aimed at little girls that was frequently occurred and requires educational organizations to impart relevant information on protection and prevention to it, which becomes the new benchmark for local legislation to protect little girls.
针对女性对婚姻家庭共同财产的知情权和处理权 ， 《 条例》第35条明确规定女性对共同财产的知情权和财产登记机构及相关主体的义务，为女性维权提供坚实的制度支持。	Aiming at women’s rights to know and decide the joint estate of marriage and family, the 35th item in the Regulation clearly stipulates that women have the right to know the joint estate and property registration as well as the duty for related parties, providing firm institutional support for women to safeguard their legal right.
此外，针对社会热点问题 — — 就业中的性别歧视 ， 《 条例》第26条不仅禁止直接歧视，也命令禁止间接歧视，并吸收最新的联合约谈实践经验，增强对性别歧视违法行为的惩戒，更加有力地维护女性正当权益。	In addition, aiming at the social hot spot — — the gender discrimination at workplace, the 26th item of the Regulation not only bans direct discrimination but also indirect discrimination. Drawing on the updated practical experience of joint meeting, it reinforces effects of punishment for the criminal acts gender discrimination, firmly safeguarding women’s legal right.
近年来，宁夏妇联联合公检法司、民政等部门在推进和引入社会专业力量参与婚姻家庭矛盾纠纷调解及反家庭暴力工作，成效非常显著。	In recent years, the organs of public security, procuratorate and court of the Women's Federation in Ningxia and civil administration departments have achieved remarkable success in employing social professions to mediate in the marriage and family conflicts and oppose the family violence,
《条例》对此进行总结和提升，多个法条中鼓励动员社会力量、积聚社会资源共同维护妇女权益，并且要求县级以上人民政府通过购买服务等方式提供稳定的、制度性的保障和支持。	The Regulation has summarized and improved based on it, with many items encouraging social mobilization and accumulation of social resources in order to safeguard women’s rights. It also requires people's government above the county level to provide stable and institutional support through purchasing services.
内蒙古兴安盟袁隆平院士工作站耐盐碱水稻亩产稻谷破千斤	The salt-tolerant rice field at Hinggan League Yuan Longping Academician Workstation in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region produces over 1000 grams of rice
记者27日从内蒙古自治区兴安盟行政公署获悉，盟里日前举行的“兴安盟袁隆平院士工作站耐盐碱水稻现场测产验收评议会”上传来好消息，耐盐碱水稻平均亩产稻谷突破一千斤。	According to the Sub-provincial Administrative Office at Hinggan League in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on 27th, reporters learned that there was great news from "Hinggan League Yuan Longping academician workstation salt-tolerant rice field yield acceptance council" held in the league one day ago: the average yield of the salt-tolerant rice was over 1000 grams per mu.
由黑龙江省农业科学院、扬州大学、湖南省农业农村厅的6位专家组成的测产专家组，现场对“兴盐系列”水稻进行取样收割。	The expert group for measuring production, which is comprised of six experts from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Rural Administration of Agriculture in Hunan Province, took samples of the rice from “Hinggan salt series” on the spot.
经过专家测评，在PH值8.8至9.6，盐度含量在5‰至6‰的土地上，耐盐碱水稻平均亩产稻谷达508.8公斤。	Through the experts’ test, the average yield of the salt-tolerant rice was 508.8 kilograms per mu in the soil with PH value ranging from 8.8 to 9.6 and salinity ranging from 5‰ to 6‰.
兴安盟袁隆平院士工作站执行站长王世刚说 ： “ 我们下一步打算在今年试验的基础上，还要创新，还要改革，把耐盐碱水稻品种再次培育和优化，使品质更好，产量更高 。 ”	The executive head of Hinggan League Yuan Longping Academician Workstation Wang Shigang said: “Our next step is to further innovate and reform based on the test this year, cultivating and optimizing the variety of salt-tolerant rice again to improve its quality and production. “
测产专家组组长，黑龙江省农业科学院副院长、研究员来永才说 ： “ 在生产要素不变的前提下，我认为持续加强科技攻关，耐盐碱水稻还将会继续在盐碱地上产生奇迹 。 ”	Lai Yongcai, the leader of the expert group for measuring production and the deputy dean and researcher from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said: “On the premise that production factors do not change, I think that the ability to tackle hard-nut problems in science and technology needs further improved so that the salt-tolerant rice will perform miracles again in the saline-alkali soil.
兴安盟属于大兴安岭南麓集中连片特困地区。	The Hinggan League is among the contiguous poor areas at the southern foothill of Great Khingan.
2018年10月，袁隆平院士工作站在兴安盟揭牌。	The Yuan Longping Academician Workstation was established on October 2018.
袁隆平院士带领专家团队加快引进推广最新培育的“耐盐碱杂交水稻”品种和先进技术，在科尔沁右翼中旗建设960亩耐盐碱水稻基地，采用边试验示范，边推广的技术路线，助推当地贫困人口增产增收、脱贫致富。	Yuan Longping academician led expert groups to enhance the import and generalization of advanced technology and the variety of newly-cultivated “hybrid salt-tolerant rice”, construct 960 mu of salt-tolerant rice base at Horqin Right Middle Banner, help local impoverished people increase both production and income as well as overcome their poverty and achieve prosperity by following the technical route of conducting experimental demonstration and generalization at the same time.
此次耐盐碱水稻现场测产，不仅为兴安盟盐碱中低产田提升为中高产田注入希望，更为我国同等条件下的盐碱地水稻种植提供了科学依据。	The field measure of salt-tolerant rice this time not only brings hope for Hinggan League to turn its low-productive saline-alkali field into high-productive field but also offers scientific evidence for the cultivation of rice in saline-alkali soil under the same condition.
据澳洲网报道，经过马拉松式的辩论和数周的抗议活动后，当地时间9月26日，澳大利亚新州通过了堕胎合法化法案。	According to the au123.com, after a marathon debate and weeks of protests, Australia's New South Wales has passed the bill to legalize abortions on September 26 local time.
据悉，该法案在过去8周内引发了政治辩论，自从独立议员格林尼治宣布引入该法案以来，澳自由党内部出现了严重分歧。	It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate in the past eight weeks. Since the independent Member of Parliament Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill there have been deep divisions over this issue within the Australian Liberal Party.
报道称，经过近40小时的讨论，澳新州参议院25日晚以26票对14票通过了堕胎合法化法案，使其成为新州参议院审议时间第三长的法案。	The report said that after nearly 40 hours of discussions, the Senate of Australia's New South Wales voted 26 to 14 to pass the Abortion Legalization Bill in the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest reviewed bill in the New South Wales Senate.
26日上午，在新州众议院进行了最后的投票后，使得新州堕胎合法化。	On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the House of Representatives, abortions in New South Wales were legalized.
该法案允许女性在怀孕22周时终止妊娠，如果两名医生同意，还允许女子在妊娠晚些时候堕胎。	The bill allows women to terminate their pregnancy at the 22nd week of gestation, and a woman is also allowed to have an abortion later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
参议院25日晚通过了一项修正案，医生为怀孕22周后的女子执行堕胎手术前，可以向医院咨询委员会多学科小组寻求意见。	On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment that doctors can seek advice from the multidisciplinary panel of the Hospital Advisory Committee before they perform abortions for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
此外，参议院通过的修正案还包括，医生必须为终止妊娠后存活的婴儿提供适当的护理。	In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate also included that doctors must provide proper care for babies who survived the termination of pregnancy.
此前，新州州长贝瑞吉克莲曾在该法案上面临来自保守派人士的公开批评，贝瑞吉克莲曾多次介入，以便为该法案争取更多的辩论时间，但她没有出席最终投票。	Earlier, the premier of New South Wales, Gladys Berejiklian, had faced public criticisms over the bill from the conservatives. Gladys Berejiklian had attempted several times to intervene in order to gain more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote."
贝瑞吉克莲为自己缺席投票辩护称 ： “ 我需要花时间管理整个新州 。 ”	Gladys Berejiklian defended her absentee vote: "I need to spend time managing the entire New South Wales."
据悉，澳自由党议员戴维斯曾是该堕胎法案最强烈的反对者，曾因该法案威胁要退出新州政府，并称法案引发了“政府危机 ” 。	It is reported that the Australian Liberal MP Davis was the strongest opponent to the abortion bill. He had once threatened to withdraw from the New South Wales government because of the bill, saying that the bill triggered a "government crisis."
但之后，戴维斯做出了让步。	But then, Davis made a concession.
戴维斯说 ： “ 26日上午提交给众议院的堕胎合法化法案修正案的内容，实际上为妇女、医生提供了更多保障 。 ”	Davis said: "The amendment to the abortion legalization bill that was submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protections for women and doctors."
同时，澳大利亚新州国家党领袖巴里拉罗说，他很自豪能成为将堕胎合法化的政府的一员。	At the same time, Australian's New South Wales National Party leader Barillaro said he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
“我们昨晚所取得的成就对新州来说是历史性的，它使得堕胎合法化，堕胎不再是犯罪行为，也不会把堕胎女性当做罪犯来对待 。 ”	"What we have achieved last night is of historical significance for New South Wales. By legalizing abortion, it is no longer a criminal act and women who have abortions will not be treated as criminals."
三一集团重大项目落户株洲。	The major project of Sany Group is set up in Zhuzhou.
总投资150亿元，重点发展石油智能装备、智慧钢铁产业。	With the total investment of 15 billion, it is to prioritize the development of intelligent equipment for Petroleum and intelligent steel industry.
今天，株洲市人民政府与三一集团举行项目签约仪式。	Today, the people's government in Zhuzhou city conducted the signing ceremony with Sany Group.
三一集团投资150亿元，在株洲发展智慧钢铁产业、石油智能装备与区域研发中心（总部基地 ） 、 工程机械二手车市场等产业项目，预计年综合产值将超过2000亿元。	Sany Group invests 15 billion to develop many industrial projects, including intelligent steel industry, intelligent equipment for Petroleum and regional research and development center (headquarter base), and construction machinery in the used-car market. The estimated annual output value will exceed 200 billion.
总投资100亿元的三一智慧钢铁产业项目选址荷塘区，将重点打造成全省乃至中部最大的钢铁及产品交易中心，同时也是三一集团金属结构件智能制造加工中心；总投资50亿元的石油智能装备与区域研发中心（总部基地）项目落点清水塘，将重点建设石油智能装备生产基地，打造区域研发中心及总部基地。	The project of intelligent steel industry with total investment of 10 billion is set up in Hetang District, and it will prioritize the building of the largest steel and product transaction center in the Province or even the middle of China, which is also the intelligent manufacturing center for structural components of metal in Sany Group. The project of intelligent equipment for Petroleum and regional research and development center (headquarter base) with total investment of 5 billion is set up in Qingshuitang, and is to prioritize the construction of manufacturing base of intelligent equipment for Petroleum, as well as the building of regional research and development center and headquarter base.
同时，三一集团还将在株洲高新区汽博园兴建工程机械二手车市场，在智能制造等领域开展务实合作。	At the same time, Sany Group will also set up the construction machinery in the used-car market at the car exposition park of high-tech district in Zhuzhou, launching the cooperation with industries such as intelligent manufacturing.
株洲市高度重视与三一集团的合作。	Zhuzhou city attaches great importance to the cooperation with Sany Group.
该市将合作项目列为今年全市招商引资“一号工程 ” ， 市委书记毛腾飞、市长阳卫国牵头，成立专项协调小组，高效对接、高位推进，全程为三一集团落户株洲发展提供优质高效服务，从意向接触到正式签署合作协议，前后不到100天。	This city has taken the cooperation project as the “Project No. 1” to attract foreign businesses and investment for the whole city this year. Led by the municipal party secretary Mao Tengfei, mayor Yang Weiguo, the special project group of coordination will be set up for productive event joint and efficient promotion. It provides first-rate and efficient full service for the set up of Sany Group in Zhuzhou, which will take less than 100 days from intentional contact to the formal signing of cooperation agreement.
财政部部长刘昆：67家央企和金融机构已划转国资8601亿元充实社保基金。	A total of 860.1 billion yuan of the state capital from 67 centrally-administered state-owned enterprises and central financial institutions has been transferred to social security funds, according to China's Minister of Finance Liu Kun.
财政部部长刘昆27日表示，截至目前，有67家中央企业和中央金融机构完成划转部分国有资本充实社保基金，共划转国有资本总额约8601亿元。	On the 27th, China's Minister of Finance Liu Kun said that by now, a total of 860.1 billion Chinese yuan (about 121.6 billion U.S. dollars) of the state capital from 67 centrally-administered state-owned enterprises and central financial institutions has been transferred to social security funds.
刘昆是在当日由财政部、人力资源社会保障部、国资委联合召开的全国划转部分国有资本充实社保基金工作任务部署会上作出上述表述的。	Liu Kun made the above announcement at a meeting on implementing the plan for transferring part of state-owned capital to fortify social security funds jointly held by the Ministry of Finance (MOF), the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (MOHRSS) and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC).
“划转部分国有资本充实社保基金，是改革和完善基本养老保险制度的重要举措，是国有企业发展成果全民共享和基本养老保险制度代际公平的充分体现，是一项立足当前、兼顾长远的政策措施 。 ”	"Transferring part of state-owned capital to fortify social security funds is an important step to reforming and improving China's old-age insurance plan. It also proves that China has achieved the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance plan and is sharing the fruit of the development of state-owned enterprises with all people. The measure is based on present realities whilst taking future development into consideration."
2017年，国务院印发《划转部分国有资本充实社保基金实施方案 》 , 要求选择部分中央企业和部分省份开展试点。	In 2017, the State Council issues the Implementation Plan for Transferring Part of State-Owned Capital to Fortify Social Security Funds, deciding to pilot the measure in selected central and local state-owned enterprises.
据刘昆介绍，划转前期工作已取得积极成效。	China has now made positive progress in the first phase of replenishing social security funds with the state capital, said Liu Kun.
在中央层面，已完成三批共67家中央企业和中央金融机构划转工作，划转国有资本总额约8601亿元。	At the central level, a total of 860.1 billion yuan of the state capital from 67 centrally-administered state-owned enterprises and central financial institutions has been transferred to social security funds within three rounds.
其中，财政部履行出资人职责的中央金融机构划转工作已基本完成。	Among all 67 enterprises and institutions, central financial institutions with MOF performing duties as the capital contributor have completed the transfer.
中央企业划转已具备一定规模。	The replenishment work has been finished in a significant number of centrally-administered state-owned enterprises.
在地方层面，企业划转前期工作相继开展。	At the local level, earlier work has also started.
截至2018年底，浙江、云南两省试点工作基本完成，分别划转国有资本158亿元、185亿元。	The pilot work of replenishment in Zhejiang province and Yunnan province has been basically completed, with 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan, respectively, having been transferred by the end of 2018, according to Liu.
除试点省份外，其他省份也相继开展了划转前期准备工作，为下一步实施划转奠定了基础。	On top of the pilot provinces, other provinces are also pushing forward their first-phase preparations, laying a solid foundation for the implementation of the transfer.
根据财政部、人力资源社会保障部、国资委、税务总局、证监会日前联合印发通知，中央和地方划转部分国有资本充实社保基金工作于2019年全面推开，并于2020年底前基本完成。	According to the notice issued jointly by MOF, MOHRSS, SASAC and the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), the work of replenishing social security funds with state capital at the central and local level begins in 2019 and shall be basically finished by the end of 2020.
当日召开的会议对全面推开划转工作作出了具体部署。	The meeting made specific arrangements to implement the replenishment work.
会议强调，要务实高效地完成划转工作。	The meeting stressed that the transfer work should be carried out in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
“根据进度安排，划转工作要在2020年底前基本完成。	"Based on the arrangement, the transfer work shall be basically finished by the end of 2020."
划转工作时间紧，任务重 。 ”	"Massive tasks need to be done in a limited time."
刘昆说，各地区、各部门要精心组织、周密安排，确保按要求完成划转工作；扎实推进工作，准确把握划转政策内容；加强沟通协调，及时解决疑难问题。	Liu Kun said that relevant departments of all levels in all regions should push forward the work and complete the task as required. All departments should have a deep understanding about the transfer measure to do a solid job and improve communication and coordination to solve problems and difficulties as soon as possible.
国资划转充实社保基金 — — 从“充实社保基金钱袋子”的起点出发，目的地是为养老保障提供有力支撑。	Transferring part of state-owned capital to fortify social security funds: from "filling the pocket of social security funds" to providing strong support for the pension
然而笔者认为，这并不是一次简单的股权“物理位移 ” ， 而是开启了“数学加法 ” 。	However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but rather a "mathematical addition".
9月20日，财政部、人社部、国资委、税务总局、证监会联合发布《关于全面推开划转部分国有资本充实社保基金工作的通知 》 ， 明确国资划转社保基金时间表，即中央和地方划转部分国有资本充实社保基金工作于2019年全面推开。	On September 20th, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Taxation Administration and China Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the Notice on Carrying out the Implementation Plan for Transferring Part of State-Owned Capital to Fortify Social Security Funds to clarify the timetable for transferring part of state-owned capital to fortify social security funds. The plan is to carry out the transfer by the central and local governments in 2019.
文件公布后，财政部等部门落实得也很快。	After issuing the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments have quickly implemented the plan.
9月25日，财政部将所持有的工商银行、农业银行股权的10%全部划转给社保基金，两项股权划转总价值超过1150亿元。	On September 25th, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of its shareholding in Industrial and Commercial Bank of China(ICBC) and Agricultural Bank of China(ABC) to the National Council for Social Security Fund(SSF). The total value of the transferred equity exceeded 115 billion Chinese yuan.
根据规定，社保基金会等承接主体作为财务投资者，享有所划入国有股权的收益权、处置权和知情权。	According to the regulation, as financial investors, the undertaking entities such as SSF enjoy the right to earn, dispose and know in terms of the state-owned equity they receive.
工行、农行在公告中表示，本次权益变动不会导致本行控股股东及实际控制人发生变化。	ICBC and ABC stated in the announcement that the change in equity this time would not cause any changes in the banks' controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
对此，笔者认为，类似的国企股权划转并不是股权归属的简单变更，而是能够激发出一系列效果的“加法运算 ” 。	Regarding this, the author believes that the transfer of the equity of a state-owned enterprise is not a simple change in equity ownership, but an "addition" that can lead to several effects.
部分国资划转社保的第一步“加法结果 ” ， 自然是可以体现国有企业全民所有，发展成果全民共享。	The first "result of addition" after the transfer of some state-owned assets to social security funds is that a state-owned enterprise actually belongs to all people and the fruit of development is shared by all.
经过多年的改革发展，国企尤其是央企在我国经济中大多处于重要行业和领域，整体盈利能力较强且较为稳定。	After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in the Chinese economy. Their overall profitability is relatively high and steady.
其中，龙头企业更是持续实现做优做大做强。	Among all state-owned enterprises, leading enterprises have been growing better, bigger and stronger in recent years.
7月10日，国务院常务会议决定，今年全面推开划转部分国有资本充实社保基金工作。	On July 10th, the Executive Meeting of the State Council decided to fully promote the transfer of some of the state-owned capital to fortify the social security funds this year.
财政部随即表示，将会同相关部门，根据国务院常务会议的部署，做好全面推开划转部分国有资本充实社保基金工作，充分体现基本养老保险制度代际公平和国有企业发展成果全民共享。	The Ministry of Finance immediately stated afterwards that they would work with relevant departments to fully promote the transfer of part of state-owned capital to fortify the social security funds in accordance with the deployment of the Executive Meeting of the State Council, fully achieve the intergenerational equity of the basic endowment insurance system and share the fruit of the development of state-owned enterprises with all people.
划转的第二步“加法结果 ” ， 是增强我国社保基金可持续性，进一步夯实养老社会保障制度基础。	The second "result of addition" is that the transfer can enhance the sustainability of China’s social security fund and further consolidate the foundation of the old-age social security system.
随着人口老龄化，我国社保资金面临压力，而本次作为被划转主体的国资，大多具备持续盈利及分红能力，不仅能够有效补充社保基金，更是为社保基金提供了源头活水。	Because of the aging process, China's social security fund is under pressure. Most of the state-owned capital to be transferred this time can continuously bring profits and dividends. This will not only supplement the social security fund effectively, but also provide a constant source for the social security fund.
有测算显示，每划转3.8个百分点的国有资本，即可支持企业基本养老保险的缴存比例下调1个百分点。	Calculations showed that every 3.8-percentage-point transfer of state-owned capital could help reduce the rate of basic pension insurance contribution of enterprises by one percentage point.
划转的第三步“加法结果 ” ， 是为资本市场增加稳定器。	The third "addition result" of transfer is adding a stabilizer to the capital market.
本次划转承接主体获取收益的方式是“分红为主，运作为辅 ” 。	The undertaking entity of the transfer earns profits mostly from the dividend, supplemented by the operation.
社保基金作为国有资本的财务投资者，确实以获得股权分红收益为主。	As a financial investor in state-owned capital, the SSF does earn most of the profit from equity dividends.
但是，社保基金作为资本市场的价值投资者，有着较强的资本运作能力。	However, as a value investor in the capital market, the SSF has strong capabilities of capital operation.
对于国有资本中的上市资产而言，社保基金参与持股，将进一步优化上市企业法人治理结构，有利于提升企业经营水平，对上市公司和资本市场产生积极正面的影响。	For listed assets of state-owned capital, the holding of shares of the SSF will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed companies and help improve the companies' level of business operations, bringing positive impacts to listed companies and capital markets.
同时，社保基金作为投资风向标，持股权重的提升，有利于进一步增强其在市场的影响力，并在市场中起到“稳定器”的作用。	Moreover, the SSF as a weathercock for investment is going to be more influential in the market and help stabilize the market by increasing the proportion of shareholding.
此外，也有利于充分发挥机构投资者的“价值发现”功能，引导投资者理性投资、价值投资。	In addition, it will also help to guide investors on how to be a rational investor and how to make a value investment.
卡尔·哈特曼（Karl Hartmann)18岁考入莱比锡音乐学院，后师从韦伯恩。	Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory at the age of 18 and later studied under Webern.
纳粹上台后，哈特曼先是以不在德国出版作品的形式进行抵抗，后来甚至停止了创作。	When the Nazi came to power, Harmann first expressed his resistance by not publishing his work in Germany and later even stopped composing all together.
1933年，他创作了交响乐苦难（Miserae）并将这部作品献给“我长眠的朋友们 ” 。	He composed the symphony "Miserae" in 1933 and dedicated it to "my friends who sleep for all eternity."
1935年，这首交响乐作品在布拉格举行首演，但遭到纳粹官僚的骚扰。	In 1935, this symphony was premiered in Prague, which was followed by harassment of Nazi officials.
之后，哈特曼决心不在纳粹统治下演奏自己的任何作品。	After that, Hartmann decided not to have any of his work performed under Nazi rule.
哈特曼的葬礼协奏曲是一部小提琴和弦乐协奏曲，当时这部乐曲的手稿被偷带出德国，在瑞士举行了首演。	Hartmann's Concerto funerbre is a composition for violin and string orchestra. At that time, its manuscript was smuggled out of Germany and first performed in Switzerland.
请听伯尔尼室内管弦乐团2018年在贝多芬音乐节上演奏的葬礼协奏曲。	Please enjoy Concerto funerbre performed by Camerata Bern at the 2018 Beethovenfest.
美国参议院批准斯卡利亚出任劳工部长-新华网	US Senate confirms Scalia as Labor Secretary - Xinhuanet
新华社华盛顿9月26日电（记者孙丁 邓仙来）美国国会参议院26日投票通过总统特朗普对尤金·斯卡利亚出任劳工部长的提名。	By Ding Sun, Xianlai Deng in Washington, Xinhua News Agency, September 26. The US Senate voted to approve President Trump’s nomination of Eugene Scalia as Labor Secretary.
投票结果为53票赞成、44票反对，没有任何民主党人为斯卡利亚投赞成票。	There were 53 votes for and 44 against the nomination, and no single Democrat voted for Scalia.
共和党人认为，斯卡利亚的履历让他非常适合担任劳工部长。	Republicans thought that Scalia’s record suggested he is suitably qualified to head the Department of Labor.
但在民主党人看来，斯卡利亚在律师生涯中长期站在工人和工会的对立面。	From the perspective of Democrats, however, Scalia has long stood on the opposite side of workers and labor unions in his career as a lawyer.
斯卡利亚将接替亚历山大·阿科斯塔。	Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
因被指对涉嫌性侵和拐卖少女的美国亿万富翁杰弗里·爱泼斯坦予以“宽大处理 ” ， 时任劳工部长的阿科斯塔在巨大舆论压力下于今年7月宣布辞职。	On July this year, the former Labor Secretary Acosta announced his resignation under immense pressure of public opinion against his “lenient treatment” afforded to Jeffrey Epstein, the American billionaire who was charged with sex assault and sex trafficking of underage girls.
斯卡利亚现年56岁，是美国一家知名律师事务所的合伙人，其父亲是已故美国联邦最高法院大法官安东宁·斯卡利亚。	Scalia is a 56-year-old partner at a famous law firm in the US, and his father is the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
劳工部是美国联邦政府内阁级部门，主管劳工相关事务等。	The Department of Labor, which is responsible for labor-related matters, is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government.
白宫当天还发表声明说，特朗普已提名联邦紧急措施署代理署长彼得·盖纳正式领导这一机构。	On the same day, the White House also made a statement that Trump had nominated Peter Gaynor‎, the acting administrator of Federal Emergency Management Agency, to officially head this organization.
按照程序，盖纳的提名还须得到国会参议院批准。	According to the procedure, Gaynor’s nomination needs to be confirmed by the Senate.
联邦紧急措施署隶属美国国土安全部，负责协调联邦政府的资源以处理发生在美国的自然灾害、恐怖袭击等紧急事件及后续事宜。	The Federal Emergency Management Agency is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security. Its responsibility involves coordinating the resources of federal government to respond to the emergencies including natural disasters and terrorist attacks that have occurred in the US, as well as the follow-ups to these emergencies.
从国庆35周年阅兵首次亮相以来，每次组织大阅兵，都会出现战略导弹部队的“巨无霸”方阵。	Giant formation of the Strategic Missile Troop appears in every military review after its debut in China's 35th National Day parade
“此次国庆阅兵，是由‘兵’变‘军’后，火箭军首次亮相长安街 。 ”	“This year's National Day parade is the debut of People's Liberation Army (PLA) Rocket Force as a strategic force on Beijing's Chang'an Avenue.”
火箭军装备方队指挥组负责人王波说。	Wang Bo from Commanding Group of the PLA Rocket Force Formation said.
受阅导弹部队充分发扬特别能吃苦、特别能战斗、特别能奉献的精神，严抠细训、科学组训，阅兵训练全程体现三大特点，展现了良好的战略军种形象，更加注重严实作风。	The Missile Troop in the parade fully carried on the spirit of being able to fight, dedicate and endure hardships. They were trained carefully, strictly and scientifically. They presented a positive image of strategic military forces and emphasized their exactitude.
在这次阅兵训练中无论是将军还是士兵，都严格标准要求，锻造雷厉风行、令行禁止的过硬作风。	Both generals and soldiers strictly followed the standard and the requirement in this military parade training. They were trained to act immediately and resolutely and strictly follow the order.
他们还注重弘扬工匠精神，抓住每个细节练技术、练毅力、练作风，形成了“军姿挺、动作快、答词亮”等特点，不断用严实作风打造出一个个威武导弹方阵，更加注重科技创新。	They also focused on carrying on the craftsmanship spirit by grasping every detail to practice the technique and improving perseverance and the style of work. They were trained to have great poses, fast actions and sonorous voices. The Missile Troop formation was full of power and grandeur because of their exactitude and technological innovation.
火箭军作为一支高技术战略军种，讲科技、重创新是优良传统和优势。	As a high-tech strategic military force, the PLA Rocket Force has a tradition and advantage of emphasizing scientific and technological development and innovation.
这次阅兵训练，他们在汲取以往经验基础上，打破思维定式，突破传统办法，运用卫星定位、激光测距、高清成像、实时测速等先进手段，提升训练水平和质量效益，确保实现人车结合毫厘不差、方队行动分秒不差，更加对接实战标准。	During the military parade training, based on previous experiences, they improved the training quality and efficiency, achieved the harmony between the people and the vehicles, ensured the timing of formation moving and followed the standards in actual combat by breaking the set way of thinking and the traditional method and using advanced methods such as the GPS, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement.
火箭军受阅部队坚持阅兵场和发射场同一标准、更高要求，把住每个关口、盯紧每个细节，让受阅部队经受淬火锤炼，真正让国庆阅兵场成为提升部队战斗力的训练场和考场。	The PLA Rocket Force has the same standard and higher requirement in the parade ground and the launch site. Each process and every detail were supervised during the training in order to make the parade ground both a training ground and an examination ground for the Rocket Force to increase combat effectiveness.
伊朗被证实研发先进离心机 进一步中止履行伊核协议	Iran's implementation of the Iranian nuclear agreement was further suspended with confirmation that its development of more advanced centrifuges was under way.
中新网9月27日电 据“中央社”报道，联合国国际原子能机构(IAEA)26日表示，伊朗使用先进离心机制造浓缩铀，已再一次违反伊核协议。	ECNS Sept 27 The UN's International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Monday that Iran has once again violated the nuclear agreement by using the advanced centrifuges to produce enriched uranium, CNA reported.
据报道，伊朗正逐步违反伊核协议的限制，以响应美国总统特朗普2018年5月退出伊核协议、恢复并加强对伊朗制裁。	It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the limitations of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the deal in May 2018 and the restoration and tightening of sanctions against Iran.
伊朗7月间已中止另外两项承诺，即将浓缩铀的存量保持在300公斤以下，以及浓缩铀的纯度不超过3.67 % ， 如今再有进一步举动。	The move follows Iran's suspension in July of two other commitments to keep its stockpile of enriched uranium under 300kg and enrich uranium not higher than 3.67%.
依照核协议，伊朗在纳坦兹(Natanz)只能设置约5000部第一代IR-1离心机，来累积浓缩铀，另外，只允伊朗使用少量更先进机型作研究，但不生产浓缩铀。	Under the nuclear deal, Iran will only be allowed to set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges at Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium, and it will only be allowed to use a few more advanced models for research but not to facilitate the uranium enrichment.
伊朗若成功研发更先进的离心机，将能够以快几倍的速度生产浓缩铀，可能供制造核弹使用。	If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuges, they will be able to enrich uranium several times faster, potentially being used for nuclear bombs.
报道称，国际原子能机构报告指出 ： “ 9月25日，机构已证实伊朗研发机型2、机型3的先进离心机 … … 正在累积或已准备好累积浓缩铀 。 ”	According to the International Atomic Energy Agency's report, "On September 25th, the IAEA confirmed that Iran had developed advanced centrifuges of model 2 and model 3... Enriched uranium is being accumulated or is ready to be accumulated," reports said.
联合国国际原子能机构26日向会员国提出这项报告，一名外交官员响应说 ： “ 他们正在(纳坦兹浓缩铀)设施上忙着 。 ”	The UN's International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) presented the report to member states on June 26, and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy at the [Natanz enriched uranium] facility."
越韩投资者与企业家协会正式亮相。	Vietnam-Korea Business and Investment Association Officially Established.
越韩投资者与企业家协会主席陈海玲表示，VKBIA将携手为加强越韩两国关系起到桥梁作用。	VKBIA Chairman Tran Hai Linh said that members of Vietnam-Korea Business and Investment Association(VKBIA) cooperate with each other and serve as a bridge to enhance relations between Vietnam and the Republic of Korea.
两国力争2020年双向贸易增至1000亿美元。	With the help of VKBIA, two countries are doing their best to achieve the goal of 100 billion USD in bilateral trade in 2020.
陈海玲先生相信，该协会的诞生成为实现上述目标的重要一步。	Linh believes that the establishment of VKBIA is an important step for achieving the goal.
他希望，越南党、政府及韩国有关职能机构为该协会今后运行提供协助。	Linh hopes that VKBIA can get support from the Vietnamese Party, State and Government, as well as authorities from the Republic of Korea in the coming time.
越南驻韩国副大使陈长水表示，VKBIA将为越韩两国企业家交流与分享经验及构想创造良好平台，旨在扩大投资合作空间、互帮互助为越南经济发展与融入国际经济事业做出更加有效的贡献，助推越韩贸易关系蓬勃发展。	Vietnamese Deputy Ambassador to the Republic of Korea Tran Truong Thuy said that VKBIA will offer a good platform for the two countries’ entrepreneurs to share experience and ideas, thus enhancing investment cooperation, promoting Vietnamese economic development and participation in international economic affairs through mutual help and expanding trade ties between Vietnam and the Republic of Korea.
亮相仪式上，VKBIA代表同越南农庄与农业企业协会代表签署了合作协议。	At the establishment ceremony, a representative from VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with the Vietnam Farms and Agricultural Enterprises Association.
VKBIA恰逢越韩两国纪念建立战略合作伙伴关系10周年之际且在两国正在加强外交、国防、安全等领域的务实合作关系，促进贸易投资合作，旨在实现2020年双向贸易额达1000亿美元的目标的背景下诞生。	The establishment of VKBIA is in the year of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Vietnam and the Republic of Korea. At the same time, the two countries are strengthening cooperation in diplomacy, national defence and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation and working together to achieve the goal of 100 billion USD in bilateral trade in 2020.
意大利教育部长提议征收糖税 以保护民众健康。	Italian Education Minister Lorenzo Fioramonti calls for sugar taxes to protect public health.
意大利新政府内阁教育部长、五星运动成员洛伦索·菲奥拉蒙蒂(Lorenzo Fioramonti)日前向议会提出一项动议，建议意大利政府对含糖量高的饮料、零食和机票实施一种新的税收政策。	Italian Minister of Education Lorenzo Fioramonti, of the anti-establishment Five Star Movement, proposed a motion to the parliament to call for new taxes on high-sugar drinks, sugary foods and airlines tickets.
据报道，根据教育部长菲奥拉蒙蒂所提出的法案动议，意大利政府将对含糖饮料、零食等危害健康的饮食商品进行课征零食税；同时对机票苛征环境税，国内航班征收1欧元，国际班征收1.5欧元。	It is reported that the Italian government will levy taxes on food products, such as sugary drinks and foods, that pose a threat to public health, as well as an environmental tax on airline tickets at one euro for a domestic flight and 1.5 euros for an international flight, according to the proposal of Italian Education Minister Fioramonti.
菲奥拉蒙蒂表示，通过这一系列看似很小的课税措施，意政府预计可获得30亿欧元的税收。	Fioramonti said that the measures to impose the taxes are expected to bring three billion euros of revenue for the Italian government although they seem to be of little effect.
该税收所得资金将可用于教育、健康和环境保护领域。	The tax revenue will be invested in education, health and environmental protection.
对此，意大利总理孔特表示，他认为这是一个可行的方案；意大利国会议员、欧洲议员、联盟党领导人萨尔维尼则发推文讽刺说，请大家赶快把甜点、饼干、面包和糖果都藏起来，因为新政府要开始征收零食税。	Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte believed that this should be a practical plan. An Italian senator, member of the European Parliament and Leader of the League Party Matteo Salvini commented ironically on twitter that everybody should hide their desserts, cookies, bread and candies because the new government is going to impose sugar taxes.
报道指出，零食税泛指对含糖饮料、高热量食品课征一种特别税。	According to the report, the sugar tax is a special tax especially on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
课征该税种有助于为公众健康带来益处。	Levying taxes on sugar will be beneficial to public health.
当地时间9月25日晚，中国驻加拿大大使馆在渥太华举行庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年招待会。	On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa.
中新网渥太华9月26日电 (记者 余瑞冬)新任中国驻加拿大大使丛培武于当地时间9月25日晚在渥太华举行庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年招待会。	By Yu Ruidong ECNS. Ottawa, September 26 New Chinese Ambassador to Canada Cong Peiwu held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 local time.
丛培武在致辞中表示，新中国成立70年来，在中国共产党的坚强领导下，在全国人民的共同努力下，中国特色社会主义事业取得了举世瞩目的成就，不仅深刻改变了中国面貌，造福了本国人民，也产生了深远的世界意义。	In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of new China, under the determined leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the concerted efforts of people all over the country, socialism with Chinese characteristics has reached remarkable achievements which have not only profoundly changed China's landscape and benefited the Chinese people but also generated a far-reaching significance in the world.
中国立足自身国情，开拓出一条中国特色社会主义道路，拓展了发展中国家走向现代化的途径，为解决人类问题贡献了中国智慧和中国方案。	Based on its national condition, China has carved out a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the path for developing countries to achieve modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and solutions to work out human problems.
图为与会嘉宾驻足观看会场内同时举办的新中国70周年主题图片展。	The picture shows the guests stopping to watch a themed photo exhibition of the 70th anniversary of new China which was held in the venue as well.
丛培武表示，中国创造了世界人类发展史上的罕见奇迹，为促进世界和平发展作出了重要贡献。	Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development and made important contributions to world peace and development.
中国坚持奉行独立自主的和平外交政策，始终倡导以和平共处五项原则为核心的国际关系基本准则，是世界和平的建设者、全球发展的贡献者、国际秩序的维护者。	China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peaceful development and has gone all along advocating the basic norms governing international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as its core, which contributed to world peace, global development and international order.
中国的发展为包括加拿大在内的世界各国发展提供了新机遇，惠及各国人民。	Benefiting people of all countries, China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of other countries including Canada.
丛培武强调，中加关系近50年的发展历程表明，只有秉持平等和相互尊重原则，两国关系才能沿着正确轨道向前发展。	Cong emphasized that the development of China-Canada relations in the past 50 years shows that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect can bilateral relations move forward on the right track.
反之，两国关系就会受挫，两国利益就会受损。	Otherwise, the relationship between two countries would suffer and the interests of both countries would also end with a loss,
当前中加关系遭遇严重困难，责任不在中方。	China is not responsible for the tough hardships confronted in China-Canada relations.
“解铃还须系铃人 ” 。	"Whoever started the trouble should put an end to it."
希望加方尽快拿出妥善解决双边关系中突出问题的办法，为两国关系重回正轨创造条件。	It is hoped that Canada will come up with appropriate solutions for outstanding problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible so as to create conditions for bilateral relations to return to the right track.
加拿大政府官员、联邦参议员、各界友好人士，驻加使节以及华侨华人、中资机构和留学生代表700余人出席招待会。	More than 700 Canadian government officials, United States senators, friends from all walks of life, diplomatic envoys in Canada, representatives from overseas Chinese Chinese-funded institutions, and Chinese students attended the reception.
中国驻加使馆公参陈明健、公参衡孝军等使馆外交官参加招待会。	Diplomatic envoys of the Chinese Embassy in Canada, Chen Mingjian and Heng Xiaojun, attended the reception.
招待会现场举行了新中国成立70周年主题图片展，播放了《中国2019 》 、 《美丽中国》等宣传视频。	A photo exhibition themed on the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held at the reception, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were played.
中加艺术家和使馆外交官表演了富有特色的文艺节目。	Chinese and Canadian artists and diplomats from the Chinese and Canadian embassies showed characteristic performances.
这也是作为第16任中国驻加拿大大使的丛培武履新后首度在公开活动中亮相。	This is also the first public appearance of Cong Peiwu as the 16th Chinese Ambassador to Canada.
丛培武于9月22日抵加，并于次日在渥太华向加首席礼宾官、外交部礼宾司长惠勒递交国书副本。	Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on 22 September and presented a copy of his credentials to The Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Chief Protocol Officer of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Ottawa the following day.
1967年5月出生的丛培武毕业于外交学院。	Born in May 1967, Cong Peiwu graduated from China Foreign Affairs University.
他曾于本世纪初在中国驻加使馆常驻。	He was resident in the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
此次出使加拿大之前，他担任中国外交部北美大洋洲司司长，此前曾任中国驻英国大使馆公使衔参赞、公使。	Before coming to Canada he was director-general of the Department of North America and Oceania of the Chinese Foreign Ministry.
越南河内市努力扩大与老挝各地方的合作关系	Vietnam's Capital Hanoi Enhances Cooperation with Cities in Laos
阮德钟先生回顾了双方具有切实意义的代表团互访活动并肯定，这些活动有助于培育胡志明主席与凯山·丰威汉主席所期待的两国特殊友好关系。	Mr Nguyen Duc Chung looked back at the significant exchanges between delegations from the two countries and gave his credit. These exchanges have enhanced the friendship between Vietnam and Laos expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President of Laos Kaysone Phomvihane.
阮德钟先生希望，通沙万大使继续为河内与包括万象在内的老挝其他地方之间友好关系发挥好桥梁和纽带作用。	Mr Nguyen Duc Chung hoped that Ambassador Thongsavanh Phomvihane could continue to be the bridge and tie for friendship between Hanoi and Vientiane as well as other cities in Laos.
通沙万大使表示，老挝学习和借鉴越南许多成功的经验，并对河内市乃至越南近年来所取得的突破性发展印象深刻。	Ambassador Thongsavanh said that Laos learnt and borrowed successful experiences from Vietnam. He was also deeply impressed with the breakthroughs made by Hanoi and entire Vietnam in recent years.
通沙万大使对河内市政府一直为老挝驻越大使馆的活动提供大力支持与帮助表示感谢，并相信尽管全球局势波动但越老关系仍将持续良好发展。	Ambassador Thongsavanh was grateful for the support and help the Hanoi government provided for activities held in the Embassy of Laos in Vietnam. He believed that the instability around the world would not affect the development of Laos-Vietnam friendship.
预计2020年初，阮德钟先生将率领河内市工作代表团对老挝首都万象进行工作访问。	It is estimated that Mr. Nguyen Duc Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to pay a visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos, at the beginning of 2020.
从2020年起，河内市将向赴河内市各所高等院校留学的老挝大学生提供多项奖学金。	From 2020, Hanoi is going to provide different scholarships to Lao students studying in colleges and universities in Hanoi.
中国驻印尼使馆、驻东盟使团举办国庆70周年招待会。	The Chinese embassy in Indonesia and the mission in ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
26日晚，中国驻印尼使馆、中国驻东盟使团在雅加达举办庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年招待会。	On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese mission in ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
印尼贸易部长卢基塔、土地与空间规划部长索菲安、东盟副秘书长康富等嘉宾出席招待会。	Guests who had joined the reception include Indonesian Minister of Trade Lukita, Minister of Land and Space Planning Sophian and ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu.
印尼各界友人，各国驻印尼、驻东盟使团和国际组织驻印尼机构代表，华人华侨、中资机构及留学生代表 ， “ 我与中国”主题少儿绘画获奖小选手等1000多人参加招待会。	Over 1,000 people including friends from all social circles in Indonesia, representatives of missions in ASEAN, foreign consulates as well as international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and Chinese students in Indonesia, and the little winners from a children's painting contest on the theme "China and me" had also come to the reception.
中国驻印尼大使肖千、驻东盟大使黄溪连热情欢迎宾客到来。	Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian extended their warm welcome to the attending guests.
肖千代表中国驻印尼大使馆、驻东盟使团致辞说，1949年新中国诞生开启中国历史新纪元。	Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission in ASEAN, Xiao Qian said that the founding of New China in 1949 had opened a new era in Chinese history.
中国从封闭落后迈向开放进步，从缺衣少食迈向全面小康，从积贫积弱迈向繁荣富强，中华民族迎来了从站起来、富起来到强起来的历史性跨跃。	Having stepped out of the closed and backward economy to embrace social openness and global civilization, China will no longer suffer from insufficient food and clothing but will enjoy a generally well-off life, no longer suffer from a poor and weak economy but keep the country prosperous and powerful, and a historical change has also come to the Chinese people as seen in their roles from standing-up, getting rich and powerful.
肖千说，近年来，中印尼关系取得长足发展，两国政治互信不断增强、务实合作持续推进、各领域交流全面拓展，中印尼全面战略伙伴关系行稳致远。	Xiao Qian said that in recent years China-Indonesia relations have made great progress, and political mutual trust between the two countries has been increasingly strengthened, practical cooperation has continued to go ahead, and exchanges in different fields have been comprehensively expanded. China-Indonesia's comprehensive strategic partnership is considered to be sustainable in the long run.
中国—东盟关系不断提质升级，始终坚持相互尊重、理解、信任和支持，有力促进地区和平稳定与繁荣发展。	The China-ASEAN relationship has been constantly improved and upgraded and has always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and effectively contributes to regional peace, stability and prosperity.
肖千称，新中国70年来发展变化的根本在于，中国人民在中国共产党领导下开创和发展了中国特色社会主义道路。	Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and change of new China over the past 70 years lies in the fact that Chinese people have pioneered in developing the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
这条道路顺应时代潮流、符合中国国情，深刻改变中国人民和中华民族的命运，也为世界和地区和平发展作出重大贡献，是一条走得通、走得对、走得好的强国之路。	This road goes in line with the historical momentum of the age, conforms to the national conditions of China, profoundly changes the destiny of Chinese people and the country, and also makes major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region, which was proved to be a workable and suitable way to go along with pursuit of building a powerful country.
图为“庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年主题巡展”吸引来宾驻足观看。	The picture shows "the theme exhibition celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" to attract the guests to stop and look.
肖千表示，中国同印尼、同东盟将始终结伴同行，共同推动构建新型国际关系、推动构建人类命运共同体，为双边、为地区、为世界做出新的更大贡献。	Xiao Qian noted that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will keep going ahead with each other to jointly promote the build-up of a new type of international relations as well as a global community of common destiny for all mankind, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and global development.
全体来宾一起观看了回顾新中国70年辉煌成就及反映中印尼、中国—东盟关系的精彩视频。	A wonderful video was shown for all the guests reviewing the notable achievements made by new China for the past 70 years and reflecting on the relations between China, Indonesia and China-ASEAN.
分为“中国发展成就辉煌 ” 、 “中印尼关系行稳致远 ” 、 “中国—东盟关系提质升级”三部分的视频博得全场热烈掌声。	It was divided into three parts including "China's brilliant achievements of its development", "Sino-Indonesia's stable and far-reaching relationships," and "China-ASEAN's upgraded relationships of high quality," and received warm applause from the audience.
招待会现场还布置了“庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年主题巡展 ” ， 吸引来宾驻足观看。	At the reception a theme exhibition to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was also open to attract the guests.
百度首批自动驾驶出租车队开启试运营	Baidu starts its pilot operation of the first self-driving taxi service
昨日，百度在长沙宣布，自动驾驶出租车队Robotaxi试运营正式开启。	Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that it has offically rolled out its test ride of self-driving Robotaxi service.
首批45辆Apollo与一汽红旗联合研发的“红旗EV”Robotaxi车队在长沙部分已开放测试路段开始试运营。	The first Robtaxi fleet, including 45 Red Flag EV vehicles jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Red Flag, has been put into operation on parts of the roads open for the test ride in Changsha.
即日起，普通长沙市民即可登录Apollo官网申请成为种子用户，并有机会试乘体验。	From now on, Changsha citizens can go Apollo's official website to apply for their privileges of being seminal users to get the opportunity of taking a test ride.
一位体验乘客表示，他坐在车辆后排，点击乘客座位前方屏幕，一键就开启了车辆的自动驾驶行程。	One participant passenger said that he sat at the back of the vehicle and started the self-driving ride just with one click on the screen in front of the passenger seat.
在车内，为了乘客的安全及目前政策法规要求，试运营车辆在驾驶位配备一名安全员，最大化保证乘客安全。	In the testing vehicle, one safety supervisor is required to sit at the driver's seat to maximize the safety of passengers in order to meet the requirements of current policies and regulations on the passengers' safety guarantee.
在行驶过程中，车辆可以根据路况进行智能变道，还可以判断周边车辆的行驶状况，对近距离超车等情况作出自动避让。	During the ride the vehicle is able to intelligently change lanes according to traffic conditions and automatically avoid any close overtaking of nearby cars in a short distance by judging their movements.
体验全程中，乘客区屏幕实时显示路面上的行人、汽车，甚至一些传统盲区的路况。	Throughout the whole test ride, the screen at the passenger side brings in real-time information about pedestrians, cars, and even includes some traditional blind spots on the road.
即使是车辆遮挡，也能提前看到前方红绿灯变化及等待时间等信息，所有车况路况一目了然。	Even if the vehicle is blocked, any traffic signal on the way ahead and the signal switches can be informed to you in advance, all the vehicle and traffic data can be found at a glance.
无人驾驶以前在电视上听说过，以为离我们很遥远，但是今天发现它就在我们生活当中，感觉很神奇。	We have ever heard of the self-driving on TV earlier, and it was believed to be too far away from us , howerver, it's so amazing to find it has come into life today.
我们期待它未来真正走入老百姓生活中 。	We look forward to seeing its introduction into the lives of common people in the near future.
2019年6月，Apollo获得长沙市政府颁发的45张可载人测试牌照。	In June 2019, Apollo had got 45 licenses for the manned-test ride from Changsha municipal government.
目前，长沙的自动驾驶测试开放道路，途经长沙市人工智能科技城、梅溪湖、洋湖、大王山、高新区等地段，全长达到135公里，示范区面积达到70平方公里，是目前中国道路里程最长，面积最大，覆盖场景最复杂、车路协同基础设施最先进的智能驾驶示范区。	At present, Changsha's open roads for the self-driving test, running through Changsha AI techno mart, meixi lake, yang lake, king hill and high-tech zone, has reached a total length of 135 kilometers and 70 square kilometers of coverage area, which is China's most advanced self-driving demonstration zone with the longest distance, the largest coverage, the most complex traffic enviroment and the most sophisticated basic infrastructue of road-vehicle coordination.
预计到2019年底，Apollo Robotaxi车队在长沙的试运营道路将覆盖50公里左右，2020年上半年计划覆盖长沙当前开放的135公里道路。	It was expected that Changsha will open nearly 50 kilometers of test-ride roads for the Apollo Robotaxi fleet by the end of 2019, and open the full length of 135 kilometers by the first half of 2020.
女排赢球郎平仍有不满：打强队失误这么多，会很难	Lang Ping is still dissatisfied when women’s volleyball team won the game, saying that it is harder to play with stronger team with so many mistakes.
北京时间27日下午，中国女排迎来了2019女排世界杯的第九场比赛，对手为实力强劲的荷兰女排，最终中国女排3:1战胜荷兰女排，迎来女排世界杯九连胜。	In the afternoon of 27th Beijing Time, Chinese woman’s volleyball team participated in the 9th game of the 2019 women’s volleyball world cup. The opponent was the strong Dutch women’s volleyball team. Finally, Chinese women’s volleyball team defeated the Dutch team with a score of 3:1. It is the ninth straight in the women’s volleyball world cup.
但赛后女排主教练郎平仍表达了对于球队第三局表现的不满。	However, the head coach of the women’s volleyball team, Lang Ping, expressed her dissatisfaction with the team’s performance in the third round of the game afterward.
“第三局对方加强了发球攻击性，我们有些(一传)不到位强攻下不了球，自己失误特别多 。 ”	“In the third game, the opponent strengthened the offensive attack. Some (the first pass of ball) are not done well resulting in the incapability to smash the ball. Out team made many mistakes.”
“跟强队打，自己失误这么多，很难 。 ”	“With that many mistakes, it is hard to win a game with stronger teams.”
郎平赛后接受采访时说道。	Lang Ping said when interviewed after the game.
“我们跟队员说要专注，一传受到攻击不到位，我们要把调整攻打好，另外我们要跟对方拼防守 。 ”	“We told the team members to focus. If we did not do well in the first pass due to the opponent’s strong attack, we need to do well in the adjustment. In addition, we need to compete with the opponent in the defense.”
郎平还点评了张常宁的表现，称她在进攻遇到一些困难，比较着急，太想把球打死，动作会变形。	Lang Ping also commented on the performance of Zhang Changning, saying that she was too eager to make a smash when meeting with difficulties in attacks. Thus, her move will be distorted.
希望她耐心一点 ， “ 我们大家给她保护 ” 。	She hoped that she can be patient. “Other team members will support her in attacks.”
中国的发展对世界是机遇，不是威胁和挑战。	China's development brings an opportunity rather than a threat or a challenge to the world
(新中国70年)白皮书：中国的发展对世界是机遇，不是威胁和挑战。	(The 70 years of a new China) White paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
白皮书指出，中国的发展对世界是机遇，不是威胁和挑战。	The white paper pointed out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
白皮书说，随着中国综合国力和国际影响力快速提升，国际上有些人担心中国会走“国强必霸”的路子，一些人提出了所谓的“中国威胁论 ” 。	The white paper said that as China's overall national strength and international influence have increased rapidly, some people in the world are concerned that China will follow the pattern of "seeking hegemony after getting powerful," and some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory."
这既有认知上的误读，有根深蒂固的偏见，也有力量消长带来的心理失衡，还有出于维护自身既得利益的刻意歪曲。	There are cognitive misunderstandings, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalances led by the rise and fall of powers, and deliberate distortions to protect existing interests.
实现国家富强、民族振兴、人民幸福，既是中国人民的梦想，也是各国人民的共同梦想。	To achieve national prosperity, national revitalization, and people's well being is not only the dream of the Chinese people but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
“中国的发展对世界是机遇，不是威胁和挑战 。 ”	"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge."
白皮书指出，中国是世界经济增长的主要稳定器和动力源，中国是世界经济增长的最大贡献者，中国科技创新为世界经济增长注入新动能，未来中国经济的稳定器和动力源作用更加凸显。	The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and source of power for global economic growth, the largest contributor to global economic growth. China's technological innovation will foster new drivers for global economic growth. In the future, the role of stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become even more prominent.
当前世界经济增长动力不足，稳健的中国经济对世界越来越重要。	The current growth of the world's economy is underpowered, and a sound Chinese economy is increasingly important to the world.
中国经济正由高速增长转向高质量发展，新型工业化、信息化、城镇化、农业现代化加快推进，经济结构深度调整，产业优化持续升级，新经济增长点不断涌现。	China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development, the new-type industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization are in the fast lanes. With economic structures further adjusted and industrial optimizations continuously upgraded, China's new economic growth points continue to emerge.
“麦肯锡全球研究院的研究报告认为，到2040年，中国和世界其他经济体彼此融合有望创造22万亿至37万亿美元经济价值，相当于全球经济总量的15 % － 26 % ， 世界其他经济体和中国加强合作，将会创造出巨大的经济价值 。 ”	"The McKinsey Global Institute's research report believes that by 2040, the integrations between China and the rest of the world economic entities are expected to create an economic value of $22 trillion to $37 trillion US dollars, equivalent to 15%-26% of the total global economy. Strengthening the cooperation between the rest of world economic entities and China will create huge economic value."
白皮书强调，中国经济与世界经济已经发生结构性变化，深度融合在一起。	The white paper stressed that China's economy and the global economy have undergone structural changes and deep integrations
经济运行更稳定、增长质量更高、增长前景可期的中国，对世界经济发展是长期利好。	China, which has a more stable economic operation, higher growth quality and promising growth prospects, is a long-term favorable driver of the development of the world economy.
把中国经济发展看作“威胁”和“挑战 ” ， 试图把中国挤出全球产业链、供应链、价值链，使中国与世界经济“脱钩 ” ， 既不可行，而且有害。	Taking China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge", trying to push China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain, and "decoupling" China from the world economy is neither feasible nor favorable.
白皮书指出，全方位对外开放为各国分享“中国红利”创造更多机会。	The white paper pointed out that a full-scale opening to the outside world will create more opportunities for other countries to share the "China Dividends."
中国坚定不移奉行互利共赢的开放战略，实现更大力度、更高水平的对外开放，中国有世界上最具潜力的消费市场，中国是最具吸引力的投资目的地，更大规模“走出去”惠及更多国家。	China is unswervingly pursuing a mutually beneficial strategy of opening up to the outside world and will open up even more vigorously and at a higher level. China has the largest potential consumer market in the world, and it is the most attractive investment destination, and a larger scale of "going overseas" will benefit more countries.
“开放应该是双向的、互利的，而不应是单向的、一方受益的。	"The opening should be bilateral and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
互利双向才能长远持久 。 ”	Only the two-way and mutual benefit can go a long way."
白皮书说，中国承诺持续扩大进口、放宽市场准入、改善营商环境、加强知识产权保护，其他国家也应该扩大开放，采取相应举措，努力改进自己的营商环境。	The white paper said that China is committed to continuing to expand imports, relax restrictions on market access, improve the business environment, and strengthen intellectual property protections. Other countries should also open wider and take corresponding measures to improve their own business.
只有各方相向而行，才能营造出开放、包容、普惠、平衡、共赢的发展环境，共同把发展的“蛋糕”越做越大，形成互利共赢的利益共同体。	Only when all parties act in the same direction can an open, inclusive, universally beneficial, balanced and win-win development environment be created, and the "cake" of development will be made bigger and bigger to form a mutually beneficial community of interests.
白皮书指出，中国为国际社会提供更多公共产品。	The white paper pointed out that China provides more public products for the international community.
包括推动高质量共建“一带一路 ” ， 搭建多边对话和合作平台，积极参与国际和地区事务，积极开展对外援助。	Which includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the "Belt and Road”, building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively provide foreign assistance.
“中国发展得益于国际社会，也始终不忘回馈国际大家庭，为国际社会提供更多更好公共产品 。 ”	"China's development was benefited from the international communities and it will never forget to give back to the international families and provide more and better public products for the international communities."
俄罗斯出口中心总经理安德烈·斯列普尼奥夫近日接受新华社记者书面专访时表示，俄罗斯愿与中国加强在经贸领域的合作，进一步优化出口结构，促进俄罗斯对华出口多样化。	When being interviewed by the reporter of Xinhua Net, Andrey Slepnev, General Director of the Russian Export Center(REC) Group, said that Russia would like to enhance economic and trade cooperation with China, improve the export structure and promote Russia's diverse export to China.
斯列普尼奥夫指出，在俄罗斯对华出口中，林业、机械制造和化学工业占据相当大比例，与此同时，农产品的出口也十分重要，既包括油脂产品、肉类产品和奶制品，还有谷类、鱼类与海产品等。	Slepnev noted that the export of forestry, machine manufacturing and the chemical industry accounted for a high proportion of all Russia's export to China. Additionally, the export of agricultural products, including oil and fat products, meat products, dairy products, grains, fish and aquatic products, was also important.
近年来，俄罗斯非原料、非能源产品对华出口也呈现良好稳定发展态势。	In recent years, Russia's export of non-primary materials and non-energy products to China has consistently shown positive dynamics.
谈及俄罗斯优化对华出口结构时，斯列普尼奥夫说，俄方已经设定了有关扩大高科技产品出口的任务，满足包括中国在内的世界各国和地区对于高科技产品的进口需求。	When talking about optimizing the structure of Russia's export to China, Slepnev said that Russia had already set a goal of expanding the export of high-tech products in order to meet the importing needs of China and other countries and regions around the world.
俄方接下来将会完善金融与非金融支持措施，促进高科技企业数量进一步增长。	Russia's next step is to improve financial and non-financial measures to help increase the number of high-tech enterprises.
斯列普尼奥夫表示，俄方愿向中国出口建筑技术和高科技建筑材料，并与中方发展在药品、航空制造等领域的合作。	Slepnev said that Russia would like to export building technology and high-tech building materials to China and promote cooperation with China in industries such as aviation and the pharmaceutical industry.
俄中双方在城市环境发展领域也有很大的合作潜力。	There is also great potential for cooperation between Russia and China in developing urban environment.
他强调，俄罗斯在很多领域的产品，与西方同类产品相比“质量上具有优势，价格上也具有竞争力 ” 。	Slepnev emphasized that many Russian products are "of competitive quality and prices" with products produced by western countries.
谈及两国有关2024年实现2000亿美元双边贸易额的目标，斯列普尼奥夫说，农业、机械制造业、化学工业和林业等领域将为实现这一目标发挥重要作用。	In terms of the 200-billion-dollar bilateral trade volume goal in 2024, Slephnev said that industries such as agriculture, machine manufacturing, the chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving the goal.
俄方有意促进这些领域的供应多样化，推动深加工产品的出口。	Russia would like to provide diverse products in these industries in order to promote the export of highly processed products.
他强调，俄方意在推进其出口商进入全球附加值链，其中中国就是发展方向之一。	He emphasized that Russia would like its exporting companies to be part of the global value-added chain. China is one of the main exporting destinations.
俄罗斯农业、冶金、石油天然气以及化工等领域的制造商完全有能力参与到这一进程中来。	Russia's manufacturers in the agricultural, metallurgic, oil and natural gas and chemical industry are all capable of being part of the process.
目前，两国需要继续深化企业之间的合作 ， “ 成立更多的俄中合资企业，共同发展向第三国的出口 ” 。	By far, the two countries need to enforce their cooperation by "establishing more Sino-Russian joint ventures and developing the export to the third country collaboratively."
斯列普尼奥夫表示，俄罗斯出口中心正在通过俄罗斯出口信用与投资保险署和俄罗斯进出口银行采取多种措施和服务，为俄产品对华出口提供支持。	Slepnev said that the REC was supporting Russia's export to China by adopting measures and providing relevant services through Russia Export Credit and Investment Insurance Office(EXIAR) and the Export-Import Bank of Russia.
同时，俄罗斯出口中心将继续与中方相关部门深化合作，促进俄罗斯商品更便捷地进入中国市场，发展新的对华出口产品种类。	Moreover, the REC would continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese authorities to allow Russian products to be exported to China more easily and increase varieties of products exported to China.
全球使用人民币支付的金融机构增长明显。	Significant growth in the number of global financial institutions using RMB for payments
环球银行金融电信协会(SWIFT)26日在伦敦发布的最新“人民币追踪特刊”显示，从2017年7月至2019年7月，全球使用人民币支付的金融机构增加趋势明显。	The RMB Tracker special edition issued by Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) in London on the 26th showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, there has been a significant increase in the number of global financial institutions using the Chinese currency renminbi (RMB) as the payment currency.
在环球银行金融电信协会(SWIFT)2019伦敦年会上，该机构发布的名为《以伦敦视角洞察人民币》的“人民币追踪特刊”显示，从2017年7月2019年7月，全球使用人民币支付的金融机构数量增加11.31 % ， 数量从1989家增长到2214家。	At the SWIFT 2019 Annual General Meeting in London, the RMB Tracker special edition of the report named "An inside look into London's quest for the renminbi" issued by SWIFT showed that the number of global financial institutions using the RMB for payments has grown increasingly, up 11.31 percent in July 2019 compared with that in July 2017, with the total up from 1,989 to 2,214.
其中，非洲和中东地区使用人民币支付的金融机构数量增幅最大，从2017年7月的143家增至2019年7月的173家，增幅高达20.98 % 。	Among them, Africa and the Middle East has the largest increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB to pay, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, a significant increase of 20.98 percent.
报告显示，截至2019年8月，人民币在全球支付货币中的份额为2.22 % 。	As of August 2019, the RMB's share as a global payment currency was 2.22 percent, according to the report.
同时，伦敦在人民币离岸外汇交易中扮演领头羊角色。	Moreover, London led the RMB offshore foreign exchange (forex) transactions in the world.
报告数据显示，2019年7月，伦敦在全球人民币离岸外汇交易的份额为33.79 % ， 居世界头把交椅。	The report showed that London handled 33.79 percent of the world's RMB offshore forex transactions in July 2019, making London the leader of the RMB offshore forex transactions in the world.
报告称，伦敦在全球外汇交易中稳居第一。	Additionally, London also has the largest global foreign exchange market in the world, according to the report.
2019年7月，伦敦在全球外汇交易的份额为40.14 % ， 美国为12.93 % 、 法国7.67 % 。	In July 2019, London accounted for 40.14 percent of global foreign exchange trading, while the United States accounted for 12.93 percent and France 7.67 percent.
外交部回应台方所谓“外交突破 ” ： 偷偷摸摸自损人格	Foreign Ministry's response to so-called "diplomatic breakthrough" of Taiwan: A sneaky move to degrade herself
针对台方人员日前进入联合国总部参加宗教问题相关会议，中国外交部发言人耿爽27日在例行记者会上回应表示，这种小动作很不光彩，贻笑大方。	In the regular press conference on the 27th, China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded to a Taiwanese officer's recent attendance at a meeting on religious issues at UN headquarters, saying such an underhand ploy will only become a laughingstock.
有记者提问，据台湾媒体报道，台北驻纽约办事机构人员日前进入联合国总部参加了美国举行的宗教问题相关会议，并称是“外交突破 ” 。	A reporter asked about the recent report from Taiwan media on an officer from the Taipei office in New York who attended a meeting on religious issues held by the US at UN headquarters, which was described as a "diplomatic breakthrough."
你提到的这场会议，是美国借联合国场地举行的一场边会，根本不是联合国的会议 。	The meeting you mentioned is a not a UN meeting. It is merely a side event held by the US at a UN venue.
耿爽说，台方人员以偷偷摸摸的方式混入联合国，自损人格，还渲染说这是所谓的“外交突破 ” ， 这种小动作很不光彩，贻笑大方。	Geng Shuang said that the Taiwanese officer had degraded herself by sneaking into the UN and hyped it up as a "diplomatic breakthrough." Such an underhand ploy will only become a laughingstock.
他指出，联合国方面多次重申，坚持按照联大第2758号决议处理台湾问题，广大联合国会员国也坚持一个中国原则。	He pointed out that the UN had reiterated time and again that it would handle issues relating to Taiwan in accordance with UNGA Resolution 2758. The majority of UN member countries stay committed to the One-China principle.
呼和浩特加快乳业产业结构升级-新华网	Hohhot accelerates the upgrading of the structure of dairy industry
新华社呼和浩特9月27日电（记者安路蒙）记者从内蒙古自治区呼和浩特市政府了解到，呼和浩特市加快乳业产业结构升级，伊利、蒙牛跻身全球乳企十强，加快实施伊利健康食品产业园、蒙牛中国乳业产业园等一批项目，全力打造“中国乳都升级版 ” 。	By Lumeng An in Hohhot, Xinhua News Agency, September 27. According to the municipal government of Hohhot in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, journalists knew that Hohhot was accelerating the upgrading of the structure of dairy industry, with Yili and Mengniu Dairy being ranked amongst top ten in the world’s dairy enterprises. It accelerated the implementation of many projects including Yili industrial park of healthy food and Mengniu dairy industrial park of China, sparing no efforts to create the “upgrading version of dairy city in China”.
乳业是呼和浩特市的传统优势产业，依托独有的资源禀赋、产业基础和政策扶持，呼和浩特市奶业规模迅速扩大，规模化养殖率不断提高。	Dairy industry is the traditional robust industry in Hohhot. Relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial base and policies support, the scale of dairy industry in Hohhot has been expanded rapidly and the breeding rate of scale has constantly increased.
2018年，全市奶牛规模化养殖率达到98%以上，近85%的农户进入产业化链条，伊利、蒙牛两家企业的销售总收入接近1500亿元。	In 2018, the breeding rate of scale in the city reached over 98% and nearly 85% peasant households entered the industrial chain. The total sales of Yili and Mengniu dairy enterprises are almost 150 billion.
为进一步做大做强乳业，呼和浩特市出台了《打造“中国乳都升级版”若干意见 》 《 推进乳产业升级三年行动计划（2018—2020 ） 》 ，围绕率先实现乳业制造4.0这一目标，实施了优质奶源基地建设、农企利益联结、千亿级龙头企业培育、特色中小企业集群培育和乳业国际化创新“五大升级”计划。	To further make the dairy industry stronger, Hohhot introduced Several Suggestions on the Creation of “Upgrading Version of Dairy City in China” and Three-Year Action Plan for the Promotion of the Upgrading of Dairy Industry (2018—2020). To achieve the target of first realizing dairy manufacture 4.0, it implemented “Five Upgrading” Plans including the construction of high-quality milk source base, the benefit coupling mechanism of agriculture and enterprise, the training in the leading enterprises with hundreds of billions of receipts, the cluster development of special middle and small-sized enterprises, and the international innovation of dairy industry.
呼和浩特市市长冯玉臻表示，当地将加快推动伊利健康食品产业园、蒙牛中国乳业产业园两大投资千亿元级的项目落地，同步建设国家乳业技术创新中心等项目，不断增强民族乳业的核心竞争力。	Feng Yuzhen, the mayor of Hohhot, said that Hohhot will accelerate the implementation of projects on Yili industrial park of healthy food and Mengniu dairy industrial park of China with an investment of hundreds of billions, synchronously set up the projects including innovation centers of national dairy industry, and strengthen the core competitiveness of national dairy industry.
9月27日越盾对美元汇率中间价上调5越盾	The central parity rate of Vietnamese dong against the US dollar was adjusted up by 5 Vietnamese dong on September 27.
在汇率波动幅度为 + / - 3%的情况下，今天各家银行美元兑越盾汇率上限为23854越盾，下限为22465越盾。	Under the circumstance of an exchange rate fluctuation range of +/- 3%, the banks adjusted the ceiling exchange rate to 23,854 Vietnamese dong per US dollar and the floor rate to 22,465 dong per US dollar.
该银行人民币买入价和卖出价分别为3211越盾和3295越盾，较前一交易日分别下降1越盾。	The bank has a buying rate at 3,211 dong per Chinese yuan and a selling rate at 3,295 dong per Chinese yuan, with a fall by 1 dong in both rates compared with which on the previous trading day.
越南技商股份商业银行（Techcombank）将美元买入价和卖出价分别定为23131越盾和23271越盾，较前一交易日分别下降2越盾。	Techcombank adjusted the buying and selling rate to 23,131 and 23,271 dong per US dollar respectively. Both had a decline by 2 dong compared with which on the previous trading day.
该银行人民币买入价和卖出价分别为3193越盾和3326越盾，较前一交易日分别下降1盾和2越盾。	The bank has a buying rate at 3,193 dong per Chinese yuan and a selling rate at 3,326 dong per Chinese yuan, falling by 1 and 2 dong respectively compared with the previous trading day.
“中国好故事”数据库上线 向世界展现真实立体全面的中国	The "China Story" database launched to show a three-dimensional and comprehensive image of the real China to the world
以“讲好中国故事，传播好中国声音”为宗旨的外宣工作创新性、基础性平台 — — “中国好故事”数据库今天正式上线，向世界展现真实、立体、全面的中国。	The "China Story" database, an innovative and foundational publicity platform aiming to "tell China's stories well, and make the voice of China heard," is officially launched today, presenting a three-dimensional and comprehensive image of the real China to the world.
“中国好故事”数据库（www.chinastory.cn）由新华通讯社主办，新华社中国搜索承办。	The "China Story" database (www.chinastory.cn) is sponsored by Xinhua News Agency and organized by Xinhua Chinaso.
这是9月27日拍摄的“美美与共 — — ‘中国好故事’数据库上线发布会”现场。	This photo, taken on September 27, shows the event "Sharing Beauty: Launch of the 'China Story' Database."
当日，以“讲好中国故事，传播好中国声音”为宗旨的外宣工作创新性、基础性平台 — — “中国好故事”数据库正式上线，向世界展现真实、立体、全面的中国。	At the event, the "China Story" database, an innovative and foundational publicity platform aiming to "tell China's stories well, and make the voice of China heard," is officially launched today, presenting a three-dimensional and comprehensive image of the real China to the world.
打开“中国好故事”数据库，一幅意境悠远的水墨游鱼图卷徐徐展开，为读者打开穿越时空、历久弥新的中国故事宝库。	Once the "China Story" database is opened, a captivating scroll of ink painting of fish slowly unfolds itself, opening up a treasury of China's stories with everlasting charm that take the user through time and space.
数据库收录了超过6万条精彩故事，从“精忠报国 ” “ 愚公移山”的传统故事，到“我将无我 ” “ 不忘初心”的新时代故事，成千上万个中国好故事成为展现“中国精神 ” “ 中国智慧 ” “ 中国力量”的生动载体。	The database has indexed more than 60,000 fascinating stories, including traditional tales such as "Serving the country with unreserved loyalty" and "The foolish man who moves the mountain", and stories from the new age such as "I shall consider not myself" and "Keeping the original intention in mind". These numerous stories constitute lively representation of the "Chinese spirit," "Chinese wisdom," and "Chinese power."
故事库汇聚了“1+4”五大类主题故事。	The treasury collects stories of five themes in a "1+4" structure.
习近平总书记是“中国故事第一讲解人 ” ， “学习”板块以习近平的故事、习近平讲述的故事、习近平用典的故事和习近平点赞的人物的故事为主线，为读者学习习近平讲故事的艺术、体悟故事背后治国理政的道理提供了丰富而便捷的网络平台 ； “ 治国理政 ” “ 奋斗圆梦 ” “ 中华文化 ” “ 合作共赢”等四个故事类别，紧紧围绕中国共产党治国理政的故事、中国人民奋斗圆梦的故事、博大精深的中华文化的故事和中国坚持和平发展合作共赢的故事展开，引人入胜、发人深省，全方位展现中国故事的时代魅力。	General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "No. 1 narrator of China's story." The "Learning" section presents Xi Jinping's stories, the stories he told, the allusions he used, and the stories of people he praised, all of which constitute a rich and convenient online platform for the user to learn the art of his storytelling and to reflect on the principles of governance implied by the stories. The other four themes, namely "Governance of China," "The realization of the Chinese dream," "Traditional Chinese culture," and "Win-win cooperation," focus on stories of the governance of the Communist Party, stories of the Chinese working hard to realize their dreams, stories of the profound Chinese culture, and stories of China's insistence on peaceful development and win-win cooperation. Captivating and thought-provoking, these stories demonstrate the charm of China's stories in our age in a comprehensive way.
记者从今天在京举行的“美美与共 — — ‘中国好故事’数据库上线发布会”上获悉 ， “ 中国好故事”数据库开设了中英文网站和手机客户端。	Reporters learned from the event "Sharing Beauty: Launch of the 'China Story' Database" today in Beijing that the "China Story" database can be accessed online in both Chinese and English and via its mobile app.
网站内容全面，功能丰富，设计时尚，全媒体展现精彩故事。	The website has rich content, multiple functions, and a trendy design, presenting fascinating stories in omnimedia.
手机客户端突出人工智能语音功能，适应移动传播趋势，为用户提供随身携带的“中国好故事”播放器。	The mobile app features AI speech recognition in accordance with the trend of mobile communication and provides users with a portable "China Story" player.
为方便查询使用，数据库充分发挥中国搜索的智能搜索技术优势，提供按时间搜、地图搜、人物搜、标签搜等形态丰富的搜索功能，方便快捷，易查易用。	To facilitate the search function, the database takes advantage of Chinaso's search engine technology and offers diverse search functions including search by time, by map, by people, by tag, etc., which makes searching more convenient, efficient, and user-friendly.
“中国好故事”数据库还专门搭建了内容开放平台，已为国资委等十余家首批入驻单位开通了“故事号 ” 。	The "China Story" database has also built an open platform and set up "Story Accounts" for the first batch of registered organizations such as the SASAC.
示威轰总统下台埃及山雨欲来 当局表明强力镇压	Demonstration in Egypt calling for President to step down The authorities will implement a harsh crackdown
推特主题标签和社群媒体正大力鼓吹埃及群众今天走上街头，以和平方式诉求总统塞西下台。	The hashtags on Twitter and other social media advocate that Egyptian civilians go on the street, appealing for President al-Sisi to step down.
但当局已经表明，打算动用武力镇压。	Yet the authorities express that they will implement a harsh crackdown.
自从时任军方首长的塞西于2013年发动军事政变夺取权柄以来，表达异议这种事在埃及几乎消声匿迹，进行任何形式抗议活动更会陷入极端险境。	Since al-Sisi seized power in a military coup as the director of military in 2013, expression of dissents has nearly disappeared. Any kind of protest was extremely dangerous for protesters.
英国“卫报”报导，开罗的非政府组织埃及经济与社会权利中心指出，自从上周末罕见地爆发要求塞西下台的抗议活动以来，已有逾1900人被捕。	As reported by The Guardian in the UK, the Center for Economic and Social Rights in Cairo, which is a nongovernmental organization, pointed out that more than 1900 people have been arrested since the protests against al-Sisi that rarely occurred broke out last weekend.
围绕塞西和他家族挥霍公帑追求虚荣的贪腐指控，导致数以千计民众于20日起走上街头示威。	Al-Sisi and his family are accused of corruption as they squander public funds out of vanity, causing thousands of civilians go on the street for protest.
埃及内政部昨天立场坚定表示，对于任何破坏国家稳定的企图都会果断迎击，绝不手软。	Yesterday the Ministry of Interior of Egypt firmly expressed that they would strike back any attempts to destabilize the country without mercy.
开罗市中心早已戒备森严，2011年埃及革命引爆点解放广场（Tahrir Square）周边街道上到处可见镇暴警察、安全机构车辆和便衣警察。	The center of Cairo has been guarded. The riot squad, cars of security institutions and plainclothes intelligence agents are everywhere on the streets around the Tahrir Square, which was a focal point for the Egyptian Revolution of 2011.
半岛电视台报导，安全部队25日拘押多位重要学者和社会贤达，包括开罗大学政治学教授、知名专栏作家纳法。	Al Jazeera reported that security forces had detained many scholars and social elites on 25th, including the professor in politics at Cairo University Nerva, who is also a famous columnist.
他24日曾发推文说 ： “ 继续让塞西绝对统治将造成灾难，这一点我毫不怀疑。”	He twittered on 24th: “I won’t doubt that al-Sisi’s empery will result in disasters.”
“他立刻下台符合埃及的利益 。 ”	“It is beneficial to Egypt if he is immediately dismissed.”
在纳法被捕之前，曾担任埃及前军方参谋总长安楠发言人的霍斯尼遭到羁押。	Before Nerva was arrested, Hosny, the prolocutor for the former Egyptian Military Chief of Staff Annam, had been detained.
安楠去年试图与塞西竞逐总统大位后被捕。	Annam was arrested last year when he and al-Sisi tried to run for President.
宪法党主席达武德也遭到羁押。	Dawoud, the leader of the Constitution Party, was also detained.
分析家和政治人物认为，在穷人和中产阶级经济困境加剧的此刻，扫荡异议人士作法反映政府的不稳和脆弱。	The analysists and politicians think that the crackdown on people with dissent reflects the instability and weakness of the government, especially when the poor and middle class are in a deteriorating economic plight.
反对派领袖、曾经角逐总统大位的诺尔（Ayman Nour）说 ： “ 逮补行动凸显这个政权漠视埃及人民，以及它自己有多么恐惧 。 ”	The leader of the opposition party Ayman Nour, who used to run for president, said: “The arrests reveal that this regime disregards Egyptian human rights and how scared it is.”
“因为经济已经被他搞到一塌糊涂，加上普遍实施政治压迫，塞西试图对可能取而代之的重要将领和政治人物传达清楚讯息 。 ”	“AS the economics has been spoiled and the general political oppression it exerts, al-Sisi passed clear information to high-ranking military officers and politicians who might be able to succeed him.”
诺尔指出，在社会经济情势持续恶化的前提下，政府采取高压手法只会增加人民愤怒。	Nour noted that against the background of continuous deterioration of social economics, the government’s crackdown would make civilians angrier.
既然恐惧屏障已经被冲破，他预期将有更多人走上街头。	Since the fear has been overcame, he expects more people will go on the demonstration.
目前流亡西班牙的商人兼演员阿里曾是埃及军方建筑承包商，他月初开始上传一系列影片，自承因政府贪腐而受益，引爆上周末在不同城市的小规模示威潮。	The small-scale demonstrations in different cities last week were stemmed from a call by Ali, a former military construction contractor living in exile in Spain as a merchant and actor. In a series of videos that he posted at the beginning of this month, he self-proclaimed that he benefited from government’s corruption.
阿里说，他的公司阿姆拉克总承包不必经过法定投标过程，就可以得到获利丰厚的合约，强调军方和包括第一夫人殷蒂萨（Intissar Amer al-Sisi）在内的塞西亲人贪腐成风。	Ali said his company Amlac would always gain lucrative contracts without statutory tender, stressing corruption the military and al-Sisi’s family including the First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
他对于自己曾经参与其间深感悔悟。	He bitterly regretted having taken part of it.
阿里声称，自己帮塞西盖的富丽堂皇宫殿和豪华酒店，与当前埃及人的赤贫生活形成鲜明对比，而且对方还没有付款。	Ali claimed that he helped al-Sisi build palaces luxury hotels, in marked contrast to Egyptian people’s poor lives at present. In addition, al-Sisi did not pay for that.
在推特上，诸如“挺身而出你不孤单 ” 、 “塞西你完蛋了 ” 、 “塞西得滚 ” 、 “下个星期五”等主题标签，已吸引数以万计推文和回推，内容呼吁民众以和平方式走上街头要求塞西下台。	Many hashtags on twitter, such as “you are not alone to stand out”, “al-Sisi is finished”, “al-Sisi out”, and “next Friday”, have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and re-tweets, appealing the public to go on the street and request al-Sisi to step down.
好莱坞埃及男星阿玛威克的推特有将近700万追随者。	The Egyptian actor in Hollywood Amor Wake has nearly 7 million followers under his twitter.
他昨天以阿拉伯文发推文说 ： “ 塞西注定完蛋了…他完了，支持他的人现在要犯下大错了 。 ”	He twittered using Arabic yesterday: “al-Sisi is bound to be finished…He is finished, and his supporters would make a terrible blunder now.”
港府推免费特别培训计划 助近期受经济影响雇员渡难关	Hong Kong government provides free special training to help employees weather a hard time
香港特区政府27日公布，为近期受经济情况影响的雇员推出免费特别培训计划，合资格学员完成课程后可获每月上限4000港元的培训津贴。	On the 27th, the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) announced a plan to provide free special training for employees who have been in difficulties because of the current economic condition. Students who complete the course and gain a qualification can receive at most 4000 Hong Kong dollars of allowance every month.
香港尖沙咀海港城内许多精品店顾客寥寥。	There have been only a few customers in many boutiques in Harbour City in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon.
受近来香港社会纷争影响，近期访港旅客大幅下降，除了旅游业界，酒店、饮食、零售等行业都受到影响。	Affected by the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has fallen dramatically. In addition to the tourism industry, many other industries including the hotel, catering and retail business have all been affected.
香港特区政府劳工及福利局局长罗致光和商务及经济发展局局长邱腾华就委托雇员再培训局推行特别培训计划，以及支援旅游业界的措施会见传媒。	The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the Hong Kong SAR government Law Chi-kwong and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development Edward Yau met the press to introduce measures to entrust the Employees Retraining Board (ERB) to implement a special training plan and support the development of the tourism industry.
罗致光形容，香港经济面对的挑战已经迫在眉睫，不应该等到局势平静才展开工作。	Law Chi-kwong described that the Hong Kong economy is facing imminent challenges and the government should start to address them as soon as possible.
所以，香港特区政府推出这项名为“特别？爱增值”的免费培训计划。	As a result, the Hong Kong SAR government launched the free training plan called "Special: Love Plus".
据介绍，在6月1日起失业或被雇主要求放无薪假期等人士，只要符合相关要求，就有机会参与计划。	People who lost their jobs or were asked by the employers to stay at home unpaid after June 1st can join the plan as long as they meet the requirements.
罗致光介绍，有关课程范围十分广泛，其中最重要的部分是“职业技能”的训练，涵盖19个行业，包括旅游、零售及饮食业等，亦会有一些崭新的“创新科技”课程，以及跨行业的“通用技能”课程。	Law Chi-kwong introduced that the course covers a wide range of knowledge. The most important part is the training of professional skills, which include skills of 19 industries, such as the tourism, retail and food industry. There are also new courses on creative technologies and general skills.
雇员再培训局主席余鹏春表示，所有课程学费全免，预计计划可支援约1万名有需要人士。	Chairman of the ERB Yu Pang-chun said that all the courses are free of charge and the plan is estimated to support 10 thousand people who are in need of help.
参与计划的学员只要完成每项全日制或部分时间制课程，并且出席率达到八成，便可获得特别津贴，每名学员每月津贴上限为4000港元。	In order to gain the allowance, what a participant should do is to complete all full-time courses or some part-time courses and have an 80 percent of the attendance record. The upper limit of the amount of allowance is 4000 HK dollars.
据介绍，培训课程为期2至3个月，由大约50间培训机构提供，市民可在10月3日至明年3月31日报读，每人可报最多4个课程。	The course usually lasts for two to three months and is provided by 50 training institutions. Citizens can sign up and begin their courses from October 3rd to March 31st 2020. Each person can sign up for less than four courses.
此外，香港特区政府同时公布一系列支援旅游业的措施，协助业界渡过难关。	Additionally, the Hong Kong SAR government announced several measures to help the tourism industry to weather a crunch.
这些措施包括放宽对旅游业议会的拨款、资助6000名导游续牌报读课程、旅行代理商获豁免年费等。	The measures include allocating more money to support the Travel Industry Council of Hong Kong, giving financial aid to 6000 guides to sign up for the course and exempting travel agencies from annual fees.
运动累人也累脑？	Is it true that doing exercise will exhaust people physically and psychologically?
据俄罗斯卫星网报道，一项对运动员进行的研究表明，经过高强度运动后，大脑也会显示出疲累迹象。	According to sputniknews.com, a study focusing on athletes has found that the brain will also show signs of fatigue after doing high-intensity exercises.
法国皮提耶-萨尔佩特里尔医院专家马赛厄斯·佩西格里翁领导的这项研究表明，脑力劳动和体力劳动之间有着不明显的联系：两者都需要对活动进行认知控制。	The study, led by Mathias Pesiglion, an expert at the Hospital Pithier-Salpetriere in France, showed that there was no definite link between mental work and physical labor: both will require cognitive control over the activities.
佩西格里翁解释称 ： “ 你需要控制在肌肉和关节疼痛时，可以迫使自己停下来的自主过程 。 ”	"You need to control the autonomous processes that force you to stop when you have pain in your muscles and joints," Pesagrion explained.
此次研究由法国国家体育运动学院(INSEP)发起。	The study was initiated by France's National Institute of Sport, Expertise and Performance (INSEP).
该学校专家负责指导运动员备战奥运会。	Experts at the school are responsible for guiding athletes in their preparations for the Olympic Games.
一些运动员已开始患上过度训练综合症，即在高负荷运动后出现无法抑制的疲累感，身体无法恢复，成绩下滑。	Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which is an uncontrollable feeling of fatigue after doing a heavy load of exercises that makes their bodies unable to recover and makes their performance decline.
INSEP提出一个问题：这种病症的一部分原因会不会是神经疲劳，那种因过度脑力劳动导致的神经疲劳？	INSEP raised a question: could nerve fatigue be part of the reasons that will cause such a disease, the kind of nerve fatigue that results from excessive mental labor?
这项研究报告发表在《当代生物学》杂志上。	The research was published in the journal of Contemporary Biology.
日前，文化和旅游部、中国美术馆为庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年而特别策划的大展终于揭开面纱。	The other day, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the National Art Museum of China unveiled the great exhibition planned for the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the People's Republic of China.
徐悲鸿的《奔马 》 、 齐白石的《和平万年 》 、 李可染的《万山红遍层林尽染 》 、 靳尚谊的《塔吉克新娘 》 、 罗中立的《父亲 》 、 刘文西的《祖孙四代 》 480余件精品力作，汇集国内20余个重要美术馆的经典藏品，几乎囊括了新中国成立以来所有的经典之作。	More than 480 masterpieces collected from the classic collections in more than 20 important art galleries across the country, almost including all classic works since the founding of New China, such as fleeing horse in stampede by Beihong Xu, Forever Peace by Baishi Qi, Procuratorial View by Keran Li, Bride in Tajik by Shangyi Jin, Father by Zhongli Luo, and Great Grandfather of Four Generations by Wenxi Liu.
“伟大历程 壮丽画卷 — — 庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年美术作品展”丰富而多维地展现新中国成立70年波澜壮阔的伟大历程和辉煌成就，展示中国人民顽强拼搏的不懈斗志和自强不息的伟大精神。	“Great Journey, Splendid View — — Art Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of New China" displayed the great history and brilliant achievements through the 70 years since the founding of New China, demonstrating Chinese people’s strong will of indomitable struggle and great spirit of self-improvement.
展览共分为一个序章和四个篇章。	The Exhibition fell into one prologue and four chapters.
此次展览规模巨大、名家名作精品荟萃，展览展出作品480余件，涵盖中国画、油画、版画、雕塑、水彩水粉、年画、宣传画等多个艺术种类，以中国美术馆馆藏经典作品为主，汇集国内20余个重要学术机构、美术博物馆的经典藏品。	The Exhibition collected masterpieces from famous artists on a large scale, displaying more than 480 works including Chinese painting, oil painting, print, sculpture, watercolors and gouache, New Year painting, poster and other types of fine arts. Most works were collected from the classic works at the National Art Museum of China, while some others from the classic works at more than 20 important academic institutions and arts museum.
此外，文化和旅游部组织实施的“国家主题性美术创作”刚刚完成的130余件现实题材新作也首次集中展现。	Furthermore, more than 130 new works with realistic theme, which were just created in the “National Thematic Artistic Creation” project organized by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, were also displayed together for the first time.
为了呈现此次展览，中国美术馆首次调用了全馆所有的展示空间，除了馆内三层的展厅被全部采用，户外的庭院空间也被打造成为雕塑展区，并通过展览设计形成内外相呼应的展览格局。	To present this exhibition, the National Art Museum of China used all the exhibition space except for the exhibition hall on the third floor. The yard outside was also designed to become the exhibition area for sculptures, and to connect with the inside as well.
据悉，此次展览将展出至11月2日。	According to the report, this Exhibition will last until November 2.
根据北京市庆祝新中国成立70周年活动统一安排，中国美术馆于9月28日至10月1日暂停对社会开放。	Based on Beijing's unified arrangements of the celebration activities for the 70th anniversary of New China, the National Art Museum of China will be temporarily closed to public from September 28 to October 1.
9月27日为“世界旅游日 ” ， 今年主题是（译名 ） “ 旅游与工作：为所有人共筑美好未来 ” ， 旅游局安排多项系列活动，包括接待幸运旅客和传统托盘比赛，与居民和旅客一同庆祝。	The World Tourism Day, designated on 27 September, revolves around the theme of “Tourism and Jobs: a better future for all” this year. Macao Government Tourism Office (MGTO) organized a series of activities to celebrate this day with residents and visitors, including greeting the Lucky Tourists and the traditional Tray Race.
同日亦特设 “世界旅游日”庆祝晚宴促进与旅游业界的交流，社会文化司司长谭俊荣等出席参与，共襄此项全球性旅游盛事，积极推动澳门旅游业的可持续发展。	The Office also hosted a “World Tourism Day” Dinner to enhance networking with tourism industry operators in the evening. Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Alexis Tam, and other guests were present at the Dinner. By joining the rest of the world to highlight this global tourism occasion, the Office strives to foster sustainable tourism development in Macao.
旅游局局长文绮华及副局长许耀明等领导及相关主管于当日到澳门国际机场，向“世界旅游日”的幸运旅客送上纪念品。	MGTO Director Maria Helena de Senna Fernandes and MGTO Deputy Director Ricky Hoi together with other MGTO superiors arrived at the Macau International Airport to present welcome souvenirs to the Lucky Tourists on the World Tourism Day.
来自泰国的旅客Wipoosiri先生一家成为今年的幸运旅客，他表示每年来澳门约四至五次，澳门是一个适合一家大小前往的旅游目的地，可以在周末假期享受澳门的美食以及游览澳门城区。	The Lucky Tourists of this year, Mr. Wipoosiri and his family, came from Thailand. Visiting Macao around four to five times every year, Mr. Wipoosiri expressed that Macao is a family-friendly tourist destination and it is great to enjoy Macao’s culinary delights and explore the Historic Centre of Macao on a weekend vacation.
澳门旅游吉祥物“麦麦”机械人亦到场欢迎旅客，旅游局属下的旅客询问处亦安排全天备有纪念品送赠给旅客。	The Macao Tourism Mascot Robot “MAK MAK” was also there greeting the visitors. Souvenirs were also distributed to visitors at MGTO’s Tourist Information counters throughout the day.
传统托盘比赛在同日下午举行，云集接近180名参赛者，分别代表澳门逾29间酒店及餐厅等，适逢今年为澳门特别行政区成立二十周年，参赛者在出发前于大三巴牌坊排成数字“20”大合照，为活动增添喜悦。	The traditional Tray Race kicked-off in the afternoon, gathering close to 180 contestants on behalf of over 29 hotels, restaurants and other entities in Macao. As this year marks the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, contestants lined up to form the number “20” in front of the Ruins of St. Paul’s for a group photo before the start of the Race, adding joy to the celebratory occasion.
亦有参赛者穿上配合回归主题的特色服饰。	Some contestants wore special costumes themed after the handover anniversary.
各参赛者手持承载一瓶“澳门啤酒”的托盘穿越“澳门历史城区”街道，以最快速度将啤酒安全送到终点议事亭前地，过程紧张刺激，沿途吸引大批旅客驻足拍照甚至替参赛者打气，展现澳门的旅游魅力。	Balancing a bottle of Macau Beer on the tray, all contestants ran down the lanes through the Historic Centre of Macao and delivered the beer safely to the finish line at Senado Square the fastest they could. Radiating the charm of the tourist destination, the Race was filled with fun and excitement, drawing lots of visitors who took pictures and cheered the runners on.
男子组冠军由澳门金沙城中心的Warren Obejas Cabada夺得；女子组冠军是佳景集团的叶小净；最特别服装奖得主分别是佳景集团的欧欢明和金龙酒店的崔智弘。	The first prize in the men’s category went to Warren Obejas Cabada on behalf of Sands Cotai Central, whereas Ye XiaoJing from Future Bright Group won the first prize in the women’s category. The Best Costume Awards were presented to Ou Huanming and Choi Chi Wang representing Future Bright Group and Golden Dragon Hotel respectively.
当日晚上，旅游局邀请相关部门代表、业界及传媒代表等数百位嘉宾出席世界旅游日庆祝晚宴。	MGTO invited hundreds of guests including representatives of relevant entities as well as members of the industry and press to attend the “World Tourism Day” Dinner in the evening.
谭俊荣在晚宴上表示回归20年澳门旅游业发展一日千里，但目前面对外围环境因素变化不断，鼓励业界需创新思维，在已取得的成功基础上，向前迈进，调整策略并构思新的旅游产品及推广模式，拓展市场，鼓励业界继续支持推进澳门旅游业蓬勃及可持续发展。	In speaking at the Dinner, Alexis Tam expressed that the tourism industry in Macao has made magnificent progress over the last two decades since the handover. However, given the ever-changing external factors, he encouraged industry operators to adopt innovative thinking and ride on past success to move forward, adjusting current strategies and devising new tourism products and marketing schemes to tap into various markets. He exhorted the industry to make continuous contributions to the prosperous and sustainable development of Macao’s tourism industry.
晚宴同时以“庆祝澳门特别行政区成立二十周年”为主题，安排澳门歌手演唱本地原创贺回归歌曲“莲成一家 ” ， 以及由六家大型旅游企业呈献多项贴合回归主题的表演，展示澳门多元化的旅游休闲元素及旅游从业员多才多艺的一面。	The Dinner was held under the theme of the “Celebration of the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region”. Local singers performed the locally-composed song named “United as one Family in the City of Lotus” themed after the celebration of the handover anniversary. A range of performances were presented by the six large tourism enterprises in Macao around the theme as well, manifesting the all-round talent of local tourism employees and the diverse tourism and leisure elements Macao has to offer.
自1980年起世界旅游组织把每年的9月27日定为“世界旅游日 ” ， 目的为促进国际社会认识旅游业的重要性，尤其它的社会、文化、政治和经济价值。	Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated 27 September as the annual World Tourism Day with the objective to promote awareness on the importance of tourism across the international community, especially regarding its social, cultural, political and economic value.
央行开展300亿元逆回购操作	China central bank starts 30 billion yuan reverse repo
新华社北京9月27日电（记者张千千、吴雨）中国人民银行27日以利率招标方式开展了300亿元逆回购操作。	BEIJING, Sep 27th (Xinhua) -- The People's Bank of China conducted 30 billion Chinese yuan (about 4.3 billion U.S. dollars) of reverse repo through interest rate bidding on September 27th.
因当日有400亿元逆回购到期，人民银行逆回购操作实现净回笼100亿元。	Due to the 40 billion yuan of reverse repos maturing on the same day, the central bank achieved a net withdrawal of 10 billion yuan from the market.
央行发布公告称，当日开展300亿元逆回购操作，期限为14天，中标利率为2.7 % 。	According to the report from the People's Bank of China, the 30 billion yuan of reverse repo conducted on September 27th included 14-day reverse repo priced to yield 2.70 percent.
这是央行连续第7个工作日开展14天期限逆回购操作。	This was the seventh working day of the central bank's 14-day-maturity reverse repo operations.
27日发布的上海银行间同业拆放利率（Shibor）显示，隔夜利率为1.313 % ， 较上一个交易日下行32.4个基点；7天利率为2.59 % ， 较上一个交易日上行1.3个基点；14天利率为2.95 % ， 较上一个交易日下行1.7个基点；一年期利率为3.048 % ， 与上一个交易日持平。	Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate(Shibor) released on September 27th showed that the overnight rate declined 32.4 basis points to 1.313 percent compared with the previous trading day. The seven-day Shibor was up 1.3 basis points to 2.59 percent, while the two-week rate decreased 1.7 basis points to 2.95 percent from the previous trading day. The one-year rate was 3.048 percent, remaining the same with the previous trading day.
让中国公民“走出去”更安心 — — 访外交部领事司司长崔爱民	Let Chinese citizens feel at ease after going abroad — — An interview with Cui Aimin, the director of the Department of Consular Affairs of Ministry of Foreign Affairs
无论走到哪里，祖国在你身后。	Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
25日，首部外交部领事保护公益短片上线，短片结尾的这句话引起广大网友的共鸣。	On 25th, the first public welfare short film about consular protection from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was released. A wide range of net friends identified with the line at the end of this short film resonates
外交部领事司司长崔爱民在接受新华社记者采访时表示，该短片旨在进一步让民众感受“外交为民”的情怀和温度，让中国公民感受到无论身在世界任何角落，中国外交官都将为他们伸出援手，给予帮助、力量和希望。	In the interview from the journalists of Xinhua News Agency, Cui Aimin, the director of the Department of Consular Affairs of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, expressed that this short film is aimed at letting civilians feeling the emotion and temperature of “diplomacy for the civilians” and letting China citizens feel that Chinese diplomat would always offer them support, help, strength and hope, no matter where they are in the world.
海外平安无小事，一枝一叶总关情。	It is not trivial when it comes to overseas safety, and we care about every overseas citizen.
崔爱民表示，70年来，中国公民“走出去”数量急剧增加，从改革开放前的“年均不足百万”增长到如今的每年过亿人次；与此同时，中国公民海外出行安全更有保障，领事保护工作与协助的工作对象也从海外华侨拓展到华侨、游客、留学生、务工人员等各类群体。	Cui Ainin said that the number of Chinese overseas citizens has rapidly increased in the past 70 years, from “less than one million per year” before the reform and opening-up to over one hundred million every year today; Meanwhile, Chinese citizens’ overseas safety has been more guaranteed, and the target group protected and assisted by consulates extends from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese and visitors, as well as overseas students, workers and many other groups.
据统计，党的十八大以来，我们组织实施了10余次撤离或转移海外中国公民重大行动，将4万多名中国公民安全撤离危险及动荡地区。	According to the statistics, we have organized and implemented over 10 important actions to evacuate Chinese overseas citizens since the 18th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, evacuating over forty thousand Chinese citizens from dangerous or trouble spots.
受理并协调处置各类求助案件约50万起，涉及近100万中国公民 。	About five hundred thousand cases where people were seeking help have been accepted and disposed of, involving nearly one million Chinese citizens.
危险时刻，祖国能带你回家；想来一场“说走就走的旅行 ” ， 如今也不再是梦想。	The motherland can take you home at critical moment; “Going on a trip at any time” is not a dream today.
据崔爱民介绍，截至今年8月底，中国已与14个国家缔结了涵盖普通护照人员的互免签证协定。	According to Cui Aimin, China had reached visa abolition agreement with 14 countries by the end of August this year, involving people with ordinary passports.
此外，越来越多的国家单方面给予中国公民免签或落地签证等入境便利。	Furthermore, more and more countries unilaterally provide visa-free access landing visa for the convenience of Chinese citizens.
泰国、埃及等42个国家和地区单方面给予持普通护照的中国公民落地签证，另有印尼等15个国家和地区单方面允许持普通护照的中国公民免签入境。	42 countries and regions including Thailand and Egypt unilaterally provide landing visa for Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions including Indonesia provide Chinese citizens with ordinary passports with visa-free access.
除了免签、落地签等安排，中国公民申办签证也越来越便捷、手续越来越简化。	In addition to visa-free service and landing visa, it is more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas with increasingly simpler procedures.
截至8月底，中国已与41个国家达成简化签证手续协定或安排。	China and 41 countries had reached agreement on the simplification of visa procedure with 41 countries by the end of August.
其中包括与美国、加拿大、以色列、阿根廷达成互为旅游、商务人员颁发10年有效多次签证，与英国达成互为对方旅游、商务、探亲人员颁发2年多次签证安排等。	It reached agreement with the US, Canada, Israel and Argentina to mutually issue 10-year valid multi-entry visa for tourists and businessmen, and another agreement with UK to mutually issue the 2-year multi-entry visa for tourists, businessmen and visiting relatives.
英国、比利时联合推出“签证一站式”服务，法国、意大利和新加坡分别将签证受理时间缩短为48小时、36小时和24小时。	UK and Belgium jointly provided the one-stop service of visa, while France, Italy and Singapore cur down the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
对于经常出国的商务人士，多次入境、便捷通关的APEC商务旅行卡不失为一项好的选择。	For businessmen who go abroad frequently, the APEC business travel card for multi-entry and convenient custom clearance is a good choice.
据崔爱民介绍，持有该旅行卡相当于获得亚太周边16个经济体5年多次签证，对商务人员尤其是民营企业人员“走出去”意义重大。	According to Cui Aimin, holding this card means having the 5-year multi-entry visa to 16 economic entities around Asia-Pacific, which is of great importance to businessmen, especially the staff at private enterprises.
目前，中方有效持卡量位居APEC各经济体首位。	At present, the number of Chinese people holding the valid card ranks as the first place in the APEC economic entities.
外交部将积极商谈双边签证互惠协定，推动更多国家对中国公民采取签证便利化措施，使外交工作成果更多转化为惠民利民便民举措，不断提高中国护照的‘含金量 ’ 。	The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate the reciprocal agreement on bilateral visa and promote more countries to provide convenient visa procedures for Chinese citizens, putting more diplomatic working achievements into initiatives that are beneficial and convenient for civilians and constantly improving the “gold content” of China passport.
国庆临近。	The Natioanl Day is approaching.
昨天上午，市委书记蔡奇带队检查国庆期间安全生产和节日市场供应情况。	Yesterday morning the pary secretary of the municipal committee Cai Qi called for an inspection of safety production and market supply for the National Day holiday.
他强调，要提高政治站位，强化底线思维，扎实细致地做好各项工作，确保城市安全运行和市场供应，喜迎新中国成立70周年，让市民群众过一个欢乐祥和平安的节日。	He stressed that it is necessary to enhance the political standing and guard against potential risks, take solid and concrete measures to ensure the urban life and market supply will work smoothly in honor of the 70th anniversary of New China, and bring the public a joyful and peaceful holiday.
市委副书记、市长陈吉宁一同检查。	Chen Jining, the mayor and deputy secretary of the municipal party committee, also joined the inspection.
天安门地区供电服务中心供电区域面积近7平方公里，建设了智能巡检系统，对数据进行实时监测分析，实现设备智能运维、评估、安防。	With an intelligent surveillance system of reviewing and analyzing the real-time data to enable smart operation, maintenance, evaluation and security protection, Tian 'An Men power supply center is capable of serving an area of nearly seven square kilometers.
蔡奇、陈吉宁仔细察看了供电设备运行及安全生产情况，询问供电保障工作重要细节，并走进调度指挥大厅，结合大屏幕听取节日期间安全供电、供气工作情况汇报。	Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully looked into the operation of the power supply and safety measures asked for important details of the safety plan. They then stepped into the commanding hall to be debriefed on the safe operation plan of power and gas supply for the holiday on the big screens.
蔡奇向一线工作人员表示慰问，强调，要树立底线思维，抓好消防等各项工作，多去现场、注重末端，对各点位逐一加强安全隐患排查和设备运行监测，确保供电、供气绝对安全。	Caiqi extended his regards to the front-line staff workers and urged them to maintain bottom-line thinking in performing fire control and other tasks, carry out on-site inspections more often and go deep into every detail, and strengthen the operational screening and troubleshooting in order to ensure the absolute safety of power and gas supply.
王府井百货大楼里，各类商品琳琅满目，处处洋溢着节日的喜庆氛围。	With an eyeful of dazzling commodities, Wangfujing department store was filled with a festive atmosphere
地下二层的和平菓局，青瓦石砖堆砌起的围墙和富有年代气息的照相馆、大戏院、食品店、旧书局等老店铺，处处透着浓浓的北京味儿。	In the Peace Fruit Bureau at the 2nd basement, a strong sense of traditional Beijing flavor is given off from the walls piled up with gray tiles and bricks as well as the age-old shops, including photo studios, theaters, groceries and bookstores.
蔡奇、陈吉宁边走边看，听取王府井百货配合步行街改造升级提升商业运营、市场供应汇报，详细了解节日保障情况。	Watching as they walked by, Cai Qi and Chen Jining listened to the report on the department stores' effort to cowork with the reconstruction of the pedestrian street to improve its business operation and market supply and asked more about the executive measures for the holiday.
走进“红星粮油店 ” “ 大北照相馆”等，了解北京特色商品销售情况，沿途向游客们询问游览体验感受。	They walked into "Red Star Grain & Oil Store" and "Dabei Photo Gallery" to inquire about the sales of Beijing's specialty products and asked the tourists about their experience of touring along the way.
在张秉贵糖果专柜，北京市劳动模范、张秉贵之子张朝和传承了“一抓准 ” “ 一口清”的绝活，蔡奇勉励他要大力弘扬劳模精神。	At Zhang Binggui's Candy Shop, Zhang Chaohe, a model worker who had inherited the unique skill from his farther Zhang Binggui to get the exact weight and quote the exact price in just one go, was encouraged by Cai Qi to promote the spirit of model workers.
蔡奇叮嘱，加强市场监测，确保节日供应充足稳定，严把食品安全关；商场等人员密集场所要抓好消防安全等工作。	Cai Qi pushed to strengthen the market inspection, ensure the stability and sufficiency of holiday supply and enforce the food safety measures, and give priority to fire control at stores and other crowded places.
市领导崔述强、王红、张家明参加检查。	Other municipal officials, including Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming, joined in the inspection.
江西 ： “ 线长”守护客运班线营运安全。	Jiangxi: "Line managers" ensure safety of passenger transport.
记者从江西省公路运输管理局获悉，截至目前，江西11个设区市及6个省直管县的1334条客运班线都有了“线长 ” 。	According to Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration Bureau, as of now, line managers have been assigned to 1334 passenger transport lines of 11 municipalities of Jiangxi and 6 counties directly under the province.
江西省公路运输管理局负责人介绍，由于部分客运企业安全管理流于形式，企业安全主体责任落不到实处，客运车辆超员超速、驾驶员疲劳驾驶等违法违规行为时有发生，道路客运安全形势比较严峻。	The officer of Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration Bureau said there were serious safety issues concerning road passenger transport, because some companies took safety management as a mere formality, duties of safety management were not properly assigned, and there were occasional violations of regulations such as overloading, over speeding, and fatigue driving.
为进一步压实道路客运企业安全生产主体责任，保障旅客乘车出行安全，江西2017年开始试点“线长制 ” ， 2018年开始逐步在全省推广。	In order to clarify the duties of road passenger transport companies as the main body of safety management to secure the safety of road passengers, Jiangxi started a pilot project of "line management scheme" in 2017, which has been promoted in the entire province since 2018.
目前，江西已有92家道路客运企业实施了“线长制 ” ， 选派“线长”管理班线1334条，涵盖营运客车4824辆。	At present, 92 road passenger transport companies have joined the scheme and installed line managers on 1334 lines, covering 4824 coaches.
据介绍 ， “ 线长”一般由道路运输客运企业指定专门人员担任，具体负责管理相关班线的人、车、线等工作，确保班线负责人对线路、车辆、驾驶员、运行环境等进行全面把控，保障班线的营运安全。	It is reported that line managers are usually specialists appointed by road passenger transport companies who are responsible for managing staff, coaches, and lines, and ensuring safety of transport by comprehensive management of lines, coaches, drivers, driving environment, etc.
为庆祝中华人民共和国成立七十周年及澳门特别行政区成立二十周年，市政署将于十月至十二月期间，特设食安公众导赏专场活动，由食安教育人员带领参观“内地食品农产品供澳二十年图片展”及“食品资讯站 ” ， 加深社会大众对内地供澳食品的安全监管及稳定供应方面的瞭解，以及本澳保障食品安全的措施，欢迎市民踊跃参与。	To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's republic of China and the 20th anniversary of Macao Special Administrative Region, Municipal Affairs Bureau (IAM) will organize food safety public events from October through December. Food safety education staff will guide a tour for "the Exhibition of Photographs of the Works to Guarantee the Safe Supply of Agricultural Products for Human Consumption from the Interior of China to Macao for 20 Years", as well as the "Food Information Station". Those will help the public understand better how the food from the interior of China are regulated and how the supplies are guaranteed, as well as how Macao ensures food safety. Welcome to join.
由国家海关总署及澳门特别行政区市政署联合主办之“守望相助‧携手共进─保障内地食品农产品安全供澳二十年工作纪实图片展 ” ， 现正于佑汉小贩大楼一楼食品资讯站举办，吸引不少本澳市民前往参观。	Co-hosted by the General Administration of Customs and Macao Special Administrative Region IAM, "Support Each Other and Work Together - the Exhibition of Photographs of the Works to Guarantee the Safe Supply of Agricultural Products for Human Consumption from the Interior of China to Macao for 20 Years" is being held at the food information station located on the first floor of the Building of Sellers Iao Hon. It has attracted many residents to visit.
为庆祝中华人民共和国成立七十周年及澳门特别行政区成立二十周年，市政署将于十月至十二月期间，逢周三下午三时三十分（公众假期除外 ） ， 于佑汉小贩大楼一楼食品资讯站，特设食品安全公众导赏活动，由食安教育人员带领参观图片展以及食品资讯站，透过现场的图文、影片、漫画及多媒体互动游戏方式，配以食安人员的导览讲解，让参加者深入认识内地供澳食品的安全监管及稳定供应方面的工作实况，以及本澳食品由入口到市场监控等各环节的食安工作，并且学习日常生活中的食安知识，从而进一步关注食品安全，并发挥“食品安全 食得安心 政府、业界、市民齐尽心”精神，共同维护本澳食安。	To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's republic of China and the 20th anniversary of Macao Special Administrative Region, IAM will organize food safety public events every Wednesday at 3:30pm, from October through December (closed on public holidays) at the food information station located on the first floor of the Building of Sellers Iao Hon. Food safety education staff will guide a tour for the exhibition of photographs and the food information station. With the on-site display of graphic and text materials, videos, comics, interactive multimedia games, as well as the food safety staff's explanation, the visitors will be enabled to develop a deep understanding of how the food from the interior of China are regulated and and how the supplies are guaranteed, as well as what steps are taken to ensure safety from the time food is brought into Macao to the time food is delivered to the market. The visitors will also gain knowledge of food safety in daily life, so to keep a close eye on food safety and cooperate to maintain food safety in Macao with a spirit of "food safety, safe to eat, government, industry, and residents try best".
每场次食安导赏活动时间约三十分钟，有兴趣参与之市民可于当天活动开始前十五分钟到佑汉小贩大楼一楼市政署食品资讯站登记，费用全免，名额有限，先到先得。	Each food safety event is scheduled for approximately 30 minutes. Residents who are interested in visiting may register at the IAM food information station located on the first floor of the Building of Sellers Iao Hon 15 minutes prior to the event. The admission is free, and on a first come first serve basis.
如有疑问，可于办公时间致电食安专线2833 8181查询。	If you have any question, please call food safely line at 2833 8181 during business hours.
福建省税库银便民综合办税缴费平台正式上线-中新网	Fujian launches online tax service and payment system- Chinanews
福建省税库银便民综合办税缴费平台正式上线。	Fujian launches online tax service and payment system
中新网福州9月27日电 (叶秋云)福建省税库银便民综合办税缴费平台9月27日在福建省福州市正式上线运行。	FUZHOU, September 27th (Ye Qiuyun) - Fujian launched an online tax service and payment system in Fuzhou city on September 27th. It is now officially put into use.
记者了解到，2018年10月26日，中国人民银行福州中心支行联合国家税务总局福建省税务局、中国银联股份有限公司共同签署三方合作备忘录，在全国首创打造福建省税库银便民综合办税缴费平台。	On October 26th 2018, the People's Bank of China Fuzhou Central Sub-branch signed a memorandum with Fujian Provincial Tax Service under the State Taxation Administration and China UnionPay to create an online tax service and payment system in China's southern Fujian province.
经过近一年的建设，目前，平台已成功上线。	After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
中国人民银行福州中心支行国库处处长王德惠介绍，该平台秉持安全性、通用性、便利性、合规性和领先性的建设理念，前端连接着税务、政府、银行、非银行支付机构及社会服务方，提供手机APP、微信公众号、税务大厅、银行网点、普惠金融服务点等线上线下多种税费缴纳渠道，后端联通国库、税务系统。	Wang Dehui, Head of the National Treasury Department of the People's Bank of China Fuzhou Central Sub-branch introduced that the platform is designed to be safe, versatile, convenient, compliant and pioneering. Its front end is connected to taxation, governments, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social service providers, while the back end is connected to the national treasury and tax system. It provides several online and offline tax payment channels such as mobile apps, WeChat official accounts, tax halls, bank branches and financial service stations.
据悉，该平台汇集多个惠民便民项目，其中，城乡居民医保费查缴项目已正式上线。	It is reported that the platform provides several citizen-friendly programs. As of now, the program of checking and paying the medical insurance fee of urban and rural residents has been officially launched.
该项目打通了线上线下14个渠道，可为福建省3000多万的城乡居民提供服务，覆盖了福建省常住人口的76 % 。	The program includes 14 online and offline channels and can provide services for 30 million rural and urban citizens in Fujian, accounting for 76 percent of Fujian's permanent population.
线上可通过“闽税通 ” “ 云闪付”以及各家银行的APP、微信公众号等方式缴纳医保费；线下可到福建省内各税务大厅和农村普惠金融服务点采用扫码、挥卡、刷卡等多种方式缴纳医保费。	Online payment methods include “Min Shui Tong” and UnionPay's “Yun Shan Fu”, as well as the apps of banks and WeChat official accounts. Offline payment methods including scanning codes, contactless payment and swiping cards to pay the medical insurance in tax halls or financial service stations in rural areas.
中国人民银行福州中心支行副行长时东表示，平台的成功上线，在保障政府收入直缴入库、数据信息实时交互的同时，能够为社会公众提供安全高效、多渠道、多模式的便民缴税费服务。	Shi Dong, Vice President of the People's Bank of China Fuzhou Central Sub-branch, said that the successful launch of the platform will not only ensure direct payment of government revenue to the national treasury and the real-time interaction of data and information, but also provide the public with a safe, efficient, convenient, multi-channel and multi-mode tax payment service.
目前，全省的16000多个普惠金融服务点，已有9000多个开通了医保费查缴功能，实现农村居民“足不出村”便可安心查缴医保费，让社会公众拥有越来越强的“获得感 ” 、 “幸福感 ” 。	At present, there are more than 16,000 financial service stations in the province and more than 9,000 of them have opened the medical insurance premium payment function, so that rural residents can check and pay their medical insurance without within the village, allowing the public to have a stronger sense of attainment and happiness.
据统计，平台城乡居民医保费查缴项目前期试运行20天以来，服务用户已达84万人次，其中，线上缴费用户达75万人次，普惠金融服务点缴费用户近2万人次。	Statistics show that in the 20 days after the initial trial operation of the platform, the platform has been used for 840,000, including 750,000 times of online payment and 20,000 times of offline payment in the financial service stations.
此外，国家税务总局福建省税务局副局长林国镜在活动上透露，该平台在全国首创应用区块链电子缴费凭证技术。	In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Tax Service under the State Taxation Administration, said at the event that the platform is the first in the country to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
从下个月开始，缴费人在完成缴费以后，还可以直接通过手机下载加盖印章的电子缴费凭证。	Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also directly download the stamped electronic payment voucher on the mobile phone.
基于区块链技术的福建税务信息网络正在构建，便民办税缴费的“高速路”将进一步拓宽。	The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built and the “expressway” for private tax payment service will be further expanded.
美国将在沙特增加部署防空系统和兵力	The United States will deploy additional air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
美国国防部26日宣布，由于沙特石油设施此前遇袭，美国将在沙特增加部署一套“爱国者”防空系统、4组“哨兵”雷达系统和约200名美军。	The U.S. Department of Defense announced on the 26th that following an earlier attack on the oil facilities in Saudi Arabia, the United States will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 US troops in the country.
五角大楼当天在一份声明中说，此次部署将提升沙特境内重要军事目标和民用基础设施的防空、反导能力，并增强美国在该地区的军事存在。	The Pentagon said in a statement that day, the deployment will boost the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of key military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, as well as enhance the US military presence in the region.
声明还说，美国国防部长埃斯珀同时批准将两套“爱国者”防空系统和一套“萨德”反导系统列入准备部署序列。	The statement also said that US Secretary of Defense Esper approved at the same time to include two suits of "Patriot" air defense systems and one set of "THAAD" anti-missile system in the sequence ready for deployment.
一些美国防务媒体对此次部署的有效性表示质疑，称“爱国者”和“萨德”系统的主要拦截目标并非是美国所声称的袭击沙特的无人机和巡航导弹等低空目标。	Some US defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the primary interception target of the Patriot and THAAD systems is not the low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the US claims have hit Saudi Arabia.
伊朗总统鲁哈尼25日在联合国大会一般性辩论发言时说，在所有国家都能公平享有权利的情况下，伊朗可以帮助维护“波斯湾安全”并确保石油运输船只顺利安全地通过霍尔木兹海峡。	Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in the general debates at the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th that Iran can help maintain "Persian Gulf security" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil tank vessels cruising through the Strait of Hormuz, provided that all countries can enjoy equal rights.
他同时强调，只有美军撤出该地区才能实现地区安全。	He also stressed that regional security can only be achieved if U.S. troops withdraw from the region.
本月14日，数架无人机袭击沙特国家石油公司两处石油设施并引发火灾。	On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities belonging to the Saudi National Petroleum Corporation and gave rise to a fire.
美方指责伊朗制造了该袭击，并对伊朗实施新制裁。	The United States accused Iran of launching the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
塞力斯董事长增持计划完成 去年号召员工增持最高浮盈43 %。	Thalys Chairman increased own holdings after encouraged employees to hold shares last year which led to a floating profit of 43%
9月25日晚间，塞力斯（603716.SH）公告表示，公司实际控制人、董事长温伟已通过上海证券交易所集合竞价交易方式合计增持公司股份105.42万股，占公司总股本的0.5139 % ， 增持金额合计人民币2009.26万元（含印花税、佣金、利息等交易费用 ） ， 完成增持计划。	In the evening of September 25, Chinese medical technology company Thalys (603716.SH) announced that Wei Wen, actual controller and Chairman of the company, completed the plan to increase shareholding by 1.0542 million shares, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total capital share, through call auction in the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The total amount of the increase in shareholding was 20.0926 million Chinese yuan, including transaction fees such as stamp tax, commission and interest.
据悉，本次增持计划实施前，温伟直接持有塞力斯858万股股份，占公司总股本的4.18 % ， 控股股东天津市瑞美科学仪器有限公司（以下简称“天津瑞美 ” ） 持有公司8218.35万股股份，占公司总股本的40.06 % ， 温伟持有天津瑞美66.06%股份，是公司的实际控制人。	It was reported that before the implementation of the plan to increase the shareholding, Wei Wen directly held 8.58 million shares of Thalys, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total capital share. Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instrument Co., Ltd. (hereafter Tianjin Ruimei), the company's shareholder, holds 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total capital share. Wei Wen holds 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimei's shares, making him the actual controller of the company.
值得关注的是，这已不是塞力斯第一次祭出利好举措。	It is worth noting that this is not the first time for Thalys to offer a favorable measure.
自去年9月以来，短短一年时间内，塞力斯相继推出了高管增持、董事长兜底式增持倡议、回购股份、股权激励等措施。	Since September last year, Thalys has successively launched measures such as shareholding increase among senior executives, chairman-guaranteed shareholding increase initiative, share repurchase and equity incentives in just a year.
去年9月18日，塞力斯公告称，公司刘文豪等七位计划增持的高管人员已累计增持公司股份39.43万股（占公司总股本的0.1922 % ） ，增持金额合计702.29万元，本次增持计划已实施完成。	On September 18 last year, Thalys announced that seven senior executives, including Wenhao Liu, had increased their shareholdings by 394,300 shares, accounting for 0.1922% of the company’s total capital share. The total amount of the increase in shareholding was 7.0229 million yuan. The shareholding increase had been completed.
此后不久，塞力斯董事长及实控人温伟提出倡议员工增持公司股票计划，并承诺如有亏损由温伟进行补偿。	Shortly after that, Wei Wen proposed a plan for employees to increase the holding of the company's shares and promised to compensate for any loss.
增持期间为2018年10月19日至10月31日，增持公司股票的总额度上限不超过1.5亿元，增持后需连续持有公司股票12个月以上、不得减持，且补偿时该员工在职。	The planned period of increasing shareholding was from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The upper limit of the shareholding increase should not exceed 150 million. After the increase, the company's shares must be held continuously for more than 12 months without any reduction. Additionally, compensation will not be paid to employees who have resigned.
记者梳理发现，在上述倡议员工增持时间段内塞力斯的股价最低为14.02元，最高为16.44元，以9月25日塞力斯收盘价20.02元计算，员工增持的最高浮盈可达42.80 % ， 最低达21.78 % 。	The reporter found that the lowest share price of Thalys was 14.02 yuan and the highest was 16.44 yuan during the employee shareholding increase plan period. Based on the closing price of Thalys on September 25, the highest floating profit of shareholding increase reached 42.08% and the lowest was 21.87%.
今年1月21日，塞力斯再次通过回购公司股份方案，公告称拟用于回购股份的资金总额不少于人民币1.6亿元，不超过人民币2.8亿元。	On January 21 this year, Thalys once again passed the share repurchase plan. The announcement stated that the total amount of capital for share repurchase was not less than 160 million yuan and not more than 280 million yuan.
今年8月8日，公司发布《塞力斯2019年限制性股票激励计划（草案 ） 》 公告，并设置了很高的业绩解锁条件。	On August 8 this year, the company issued an announcement of "Thalys 2019 Restricted Plan for Share Incentives (Draft)" and set high conditions for unlocking performance.
公告显示，股权激励以2018年营业收入为基数，2019年-2022年四个会计年度增长率分别不低于30 % 、 70 % 、 120 % 、 185 % 。	The announcement showed that equity incentives were based on the operating revenue in 2018. The growth rates for the four fiscal years from 2019 to 2022 must not be less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
从上半年塞力斯的业绩表现来看，公司维持高增长并超过今年30%业绩增长解锁条件。	Thalys' performance in the first half of this year showed that the company had maintained high growth and exceeded the unlock conditions for performance growth by 30%.
上半年，实现营业收入8.42亿元，同比增长46.50 % ； 归属于上市公司股东的净利润5623.24万元，同比增长16.46 % 。	In the first half of the year, the company achieved an operating revenue of 842 million yuan, which was up 46.5% year-on-year. The net profit for shareholders of listed company was 56.223 million yuan, which was a 16.46% increase over last year.
而自2018年中报，塞力斯连续5个报告期内，营收同比增速均超过了38 % ， 最高增速达到59 % 。	Since the report in the middle of 2018, the growth of the operating revenue of Thalys has been more than 38% over the previous year for five reporting periods, with the highest growth of 59%.
2018年公司确立了以医疗检验集约化运营服务(IVD业务)为基础，医用耗材集约化运营服务(SPD业务)与区域检验中心为突破的双核驱动的协同发展战略，在巩固原有IVD业务的优势基础上迭代升级，推进SPD业务。	In 2018, the company formulated a dual-core driven collaborative development strategy which takes medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business) as the basis, medical consumables intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers as the breakthrough. That is to promote the SPD business on the basis of improving the IVD business.
塞力斯相关人士告诉记者，目前为了顺应医改大趋势，实现快速扩张，塞力斯的三大业务均在稳步推进。	A source from Thalys told the reporter that in order to follow the trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Thalys had been promoting its three major businesses steadily.
在SPD业务领域，今年1月，塞力斯公告与灵武市人民医院、灵武市中医院签署《医用耗材集约化运营平台建设及日常运营管理服务合作协议 》 ， 合同期限三年。	In terms of the SPD business, in January this year, Thalys announced the signing of a three-year agreement of Cooperation in the Construction of Intensive Operation Platforms for Medical Consumables and Daily Operation Management Services with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital.
“事实上，塞力斯正在大力拓展SPD业务，为医疗机构提供医用耗材院内集中采购、仓储管理、配送及结算等精细化运营服务，获取长期收入 。 ”	"In fact, Thalys is vigorously expanding its SPD business to provide medical institutions with refined operational services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution, and settlement of medical consumables in hospitals to obtain long-term revenue."
上述人士表示。	The source said.
9月17日，根据浙江政府采购网浙江政府采购服务信息平台公告显示，塞力斯中标了浙江大学医学院附属邵逸夫医院的一个“医用耗材（含试剂）院内物流延伸服务项目 ” 。	On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Information Platform for Purchasing Services, Thalys won the bid for an "in-hospital logistics extension service project for medical consumables (including reagents)" at Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital of Zhejiang University School of Medicine.
医药行业分析人士指出，这一中标是十分具有含金量的，邵逸夫医院是中国大陆首家通过国际医院评审（JCI)的公立医院，未来该项目的顺利实施，对医院来说也是一次重要的发展机遇。	An analyst in the pharmaceuticals industry pointed out that the bid they won was of high value. Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital was the first public hospital in the mainland of China that received Joint Commission International (JCI) accreditation. The successful implementation of this project in the future would be an important opportunity for the hospital's development.
据其分析，此前塞力斯通过区域拓展、全国性战略合作以及渠道并购，业务版图基本完了全国省域的业务区域覆盖。	According to the analyst, through the expansion in regions, nationwide strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, Thalys has basically completed the business coverage of the provinces across the country.
如今中标邵逸夫医院在浙江又下一城，应该会继续在不同医院复制该模式，增强公司在华东市场的竞争力。	By winning the bid of Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, the company will continue to carry out the model in different hospitals to enhance its competitiveness in the East China market.
此外，今年塞力斯还在工业大麻、区块链科技等新兴领域进行布局。	In addition, Thalys is also developing its business in new areas such as industrial hemp and blockchain technology.
北京7.8万志愿者服务国庆交通出行。	Beijing's 78,000 volunteers are mobilized in service of National Day transportation
为了保障庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年活动的顺利进行，北京七万八千多名交通文明志愿者将从28号开始正式上岗，在北京市各点位提供志愿服务，服务时间持续至10月8日。	Beginning on the 28th, more than 78,000 traffic service volunteers will step into their posts in Beijing to provide volunteer services in order to ensure the festivities run smoothly in celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
此前，北京市庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年活动领导小组专门设立了志愿者指挥部，并于前期，面向高校、社区、企业、社会各界，招募和培训了16万余名高素质的志愿者，志愿服务领域涉及庆祝大会、联欢活动、大型成就展、国庆游园以及城市运行和保障等方面。	Previously, Beijing's Municipal Leading Group for the 70th Anniversary Celebration Activities of the Founding of the People's Republic of China had set up a special arm of volunteer service and started at an early stage to recruit and train more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers from universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. Volunteer services will be involved in the grand celebration, the gathering, the large-scale achievement exhibition, National Day garden parties, city operation, safeguard, etc.
其中，交通文明志愿者7万8千多名。	Among them there are more than 78,000 volunteers for the traffic service.
首都交通文明志愿者分指挥部办公室主任 高宾：9月28日开始到10月8日，78266名首都交通文明志愿者在北京的1700个交通路口、308个地铁站台，包括300多个主要交通枢纽来进行交通疏导、交通引导。	Gao Bin, the director of sub-command office of volunteers for the Capital's Road Civility: from September 28 to October 8, the capital's 78,266 road civility volunteers will carry out traffic dispersion and guidance at 1,700 road crossings, 308 subway platforms and more than 300 major transportation hubs in Beijing.
在被伊朗扣押两个月后，英国“史丹纳帝国”号油轮终于获释，并于27日上午从伊朗阿巴斯港出发，前往国际水域。	The British “Stena Impero” tanker that was released by Iran has left the port of Abbas in the morning on 27th and is making its way to international waters after two months in captivity.
而就在上月中旬，英国海外领地直布罗陀当局刚释放了被扣押一个多月的一艘伊朗油轮。	In the middle of last month, Gibraltar, the overseas territory of the UK, just released an Iranian tanker after one month in captivity.
据伊朗伊斯兰共和国通讯社消息，当地时间27日上午9时，英国“史丹纳帝国”号油轮从阿巴斯港出发，前往波斯湾的国际水域。	As reported by the Islamic Republic News Agency, the British-flagged “Stena Impero” tanker left the port of Abbas at 9 am on 27th local time, and is making its way to the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
伊朗霍尔木兹甘省港口和航运组织证实，这艘船的指挥官和船员已作出正式和书面承诺，尽管这艘船被扣押，但他们没有任何索赔要求。	As confirmed by Iran's Ports and Maritime Organization at Hormozgan, the commander and crew members on this tanker have made formal written promises that they claim for no compensations for the detention.
“史丹纳帝国”号油轮的瑞典船主Stena Bulk也表示，这艘船正从阿巴斯港起航。	The Swedish shipowner of “Stena Impero” Stena Bulk also said the tanker is leaving the port of Abbas.
此外，Refinitiv的船只跟踪数据也发现，这艘油轮于27日开始移动，并离开阿巴斯港。	In addition, the shipping trace data from Refinitiv also found that the tanker started moving on 27th and left the port of Abbas.
这艘悬挂英国国旗的Stena Impero油轮今年7月被伊朗扣押。	The British-flagged “Stena Impero” tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
该公司发言人说，这艘油轮正准备离开阿巴斯港。	The spokesman for this company said that this tanker is preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
英国在直布罗陀海域扣押了一艘伊朗油轮两周后，伊朗革命卫队在霍尔木兹海峡航道拘留了这艘名为Stena Impero的油轮。	Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker off the territory of Gibraltar, Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps detained the “Stena Impero” tanker at the waterway in the Strait of Hormuz.
该船于8月被释放。	The tanker was released in August.
本周早些时候，伊朗政府发言人曾表示，释放“史丹纳帝国”号所需要办理的所有法律程序均已完成。	Early in this week, the spokesman for Iranian government said that all the legal procedures were done to release the “Stena Impero”.
但伊朗方面表示，调查仍在进行中。	Yet the Iranian side suggested that the investigation was still in progress.
伊朗多家媒体也发布了油轮起航的视频。	Many Iranian medias also released the video about the tanker’s departure.
7月19日，伊朗伊斯兰革命卫队海军在霍尔木兹海峡伊朗水域内扣留了一艘英国油轮“史丹纳帝国”号，之后将其押送至阿巴斯港。	In July 19th, Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps detained the British “Stena Impero” tanker in the Strait of Hormuz and sent it to the port of Abbas.
伊朗被扣油轮“格蕾丝一号”驶离直布罗陀海域。	The Iranian tanker “Grace One” that was detained has left Gibraltar waters.
此外，7月4日，英国海外领地直布罗陀当局以涉嫌违反欧盟制裁向叙利亚运送石油为由，在直布罗陀海峡扣押了装载有伊朗原油的“格蕾丝一号”油轮。	In addition, in Jult 4th, Gibraltar, the overseas territory of the UK, detained the Iranian “Grace One” tanker thar carried Iranian raw petroleum in the Strait of Gibraltar, on suspicion of violating European Union’s sanctions against Syria and transporting petroleum to Syria.
一个多月后的8月15日，直布罗陀当局宣布释放“格蕾丝一号 ” 。	One month later, in August 15th, the Gibraltar authorities announced that the “Grace One” was released.
今天下午，全省本科高校主题教育检视整改工作专题会议在长沙召开。	The conference with a special topic on the review and rectification of theme education in undergraduate colleges and universities across the province has been held in Changsha this afternoon.
省委副书记乌兰强调，要提高政治站位，强化政治担当，从严从实抓好问题检视整改，以主题教育的实效推动高校党建、思政和改革发展各项工作高质量发展。	Wu Lan, the deputy secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, emphasized the need to improve the political position, strengthen the political responsibility, strictly and practically implement the examination and rectification of problems, and to promote the high-quality development of the party building, the ideological and political reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of the theme education.
乌兰充分肯定各本科高校在第二批主题教育中取得的初步成效。	Wu Lan fully affirmed the preliminary results made in the second batch of the theme education by undergraduate colleges and universities.
她指出，开展“不忘初心、牢记使命”主题教育是党中央作出的重大部署，各本科高校要深入学习贯彻习近平总书记关于开展“不忘初心、牢记使命”主题教育的重要讲话精神。	She pointed out that it is a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee to carry out the theme education of “remaining true to our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind”. All undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirits of the important speech made by General Secretary Xi Jinping about carrying out the theme education of “remaining true to our original aspiration and keep our mission firmly in mind”.
从增强“四个意识 ” 、 做到“两个维护 ” 、 践行初心使命的政治高度，认真完成好主题教育各项规定动作特别是扎实整改检视出来的系列问题，统筹做好学校改革发展各项工作，做到“两不误两促进 ” 。	From the political height of strengthening “four consciousnesses”, achieving “two maintenances” and fulfilling the original aspiration and mission, conscientiously complete the various of the prescribed actions about the theme education, especially solidly rectify the series of reviewed problems, and coordinate the school reform and development so as to achieve the material and spiritual progress accordingly.
乌兰强调，要坚持刀刃向内，抓好问题检视，按照“四个对照 ” “ 四个找一找”的要求，对标对表找准问题，广开言路征求师生员工、家长和社会各界的意见建议，从思想上严肃认真深刻剖析深挖根源，进而明确努力方向和改进举措，拿出破解难题的实招硬招。	Wu Lan emphasized the necessity to stick to keep the blade inward and to stress on the inspection of problems. Following the requirements of “four comparisons” and “four seeking, it is necessary to pinpoint the problems by comparisons with benchmarks and tables, and to openly seek opinions and suggestions from teachers, staff members, student and their parents, as well as people from all walks of life. We must seriously and profoundly analyze the root causes, so as to gain a clear striving direction, to grasp the improvement measures, and to come up with real tricks to solve puzzles.
要坚持精准发力，强化真改实改，切实把“改”字贯穿始终。	We must insist non precise efforts, strengthen real and practical reforms, and implement the word “reform” throughout the process.
要做好主题教育与“立德树人”等工作的结合文章，压实整改责任，确保问题一个不落、见底清零，务求整改实效。	We must effectively combine theme education with the work of “building a person with virtue”. By compacting the rectification responsibilities, we must make sure to not to miss any single problem to guarantee the effectiveness of the rectification.
要坚持标本兼治，完善长效机制，织密扎牢制度笼子，强化制度刚性约束，确保各项工作有章可循、有规可依，真正用制度管人管事管权。	We must address to both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave the systematic cage to strengthen the institutional rigid constraints, ensure that all works are done through following rules and regulations, thus, truly use the system to manage people, affairs and powers.
要坚持以上率下，领导干部带头加强理论武装、带头认真检视整改、带头时时从严律己，发挥好“关键少数”示范作用，努力完成好主题教育检视整改各项任务。	We must uphold leading from the front. The leading cadres should take the lead to strengthen the theoretical arming and carefully examine rectifications, take the lead in the strict self-discipline to play a demonstrative role as the “key minorities”, and strive to finish various tasks related to the examination and rectification of theme education.
湖南大学等5所高校党委负责同志、省直有关单位负责同志作了发言。	Party committee comrades from 5 universities including Hunan University and responsible comrades of the provincial level units made speeches.
“一交一直”两大特高压工程投运	1 AC and 1 DC two major UHV projects have been put into operation
26日，准东至皖南±1100千伏特高压直流输电工程、苏通1000千伏交流特高压GIL综合管廊工程投运。	On the 26th, the ±1100 KV UHV DC transmission project from Zhundong to southern Anhui and the Sutong 1000 KV AC UHV GIL integrated pipeline corridor project were both put into operation.
这两项工程均占据当前世界输电技术各自领域的制高点，投运后将使我国能源大范围优化配置得以大幅提升。	The power transmission technologies at work in both projects are at the very top of the world in their respective fields, which will sharply boost the optimization of China's large-scale energy allocation after the operation kicks off.
国家能源局总经济师郭智表示，准东至皖南工程，是世界上送电能力最大、输电距离最远的输电工程。	Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the project from Zhundong to southern Anhui is the world's largest power transmission project with the longest transmission distance.
其投运对促进新疆能源基地开发，保障华东地区电力供应等都具有重要意义。	Its operation is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang's energy base and ensuring the power supply in eastern China.
GIL，即气体绝缘金属封闭输电线路。	GIL refers to gas insulated metal enclosed transmission line.
苏通管廊工程，创造了GIL工程全球电压等级最高、输送能力最强的纪录，实现了华东骨干电网最高电压等级的‘交流双环网’合环运行。	The Sutong pipeline corridor project has set a world record with the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity among all GIL projects, realizing AC double-loop network's closed-loop operation of the highest voltage level in the backbone grid of eastern China.
据国家电网公司介绍，准东至皖南工程输电距离长达3324公里。	According to the State Grid Corporation of China, the transmission distance from Zhundong to southern Anhui is up to 3,324 kilometers.
若采用常规技术，超过15%的电能将损耗在途中，而该工程经过攻关研发，使经济输送距离大幅提升至3000公里以上。	If conventional technologies were applied, more than 15 percent of the electricity will be lost in its transmission. Through the project's research and development, the economic transmission distance has been greatly increased to more than 3,000 kilometers.
准东至皖南工程投运后，每8小时20分钟即可输送1亿度电能，可助力破解新疆现有新能源的消纳问题。	After the project from Zhundong to South Anhui is put into operation, it can deliver 100 million kWhs of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which will help solve the problem of Xinjiang's existing new energy consumption.
按照满载估算，单这一条线路年送电就将达到600至850亿千瓦时，可满足上海全年一半以上用电。	According to the estimates of its full-load capacity, the annual transmission of this line alone will reach 60 to 85 billion kWhs, which can satisfy more than half of Shanghai's electricity consumption throughout the year.
苏通GIL综合管廊工程是特高压交流环网跨越长江的控制性工程。	The Sutong GIL integrated pipeline corridor project is the controlling part of UHV AC ring network crossing the Changjiang River.
若采用常规的架空线路跨江，需要在长江江面树立两个超450米的巨型铁塔，而且要为每个铁塔建一个超四个足球场大小的人工岛。	If conventional overhead lines were applied to cross the river, two giant steel towers more than 450 meters tall could have to be built up in the Changjiang River, and a man-made island covering an area of more than four football fields would have to be built for each tower.
对此，国家电网大胆创新，研发出紧凑型特高压交流GIL输电技术，通过隧道从水下过江，避免了对黄金航道的影响。	With nerve and creativity, the State Grid has developed its compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to avoid the impact on the golden waterways by crossing the river via underwater tunnels.
两项工程推动我国电工装备制造能力实现了新的飞跃。	The two projects have made a new leap in China's manufacturing capabilities of electrical equipment.
目前，国家电网已累计建成“10交11直”特高压工程，还有“4交3直”在建。	At present, the State Grid has completed 10 AC and 11 DC UHV projects in total, and there are still 4 AC and 3 DC projects under construction.
外汇局：我国外债结构持续优化 外债的稳定性增强	SAFE: China's external debt structure has continued to be optimized and its stability strengthened.
“ 总体来看，我国外债结构持续优化，外债的稳定性增强 。 ”	"Overall, China's external debt structure has continued to be optimized and its stability strengthened."
国家外汇管理局新闻发言人、总经济师王春英27日表示，我国外债主要指标均在国际公认的安全线以内，外债风险总体可控。	Wang Chunying, spokesperson and Chief Economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange(SAFE), said on the 27th that major indicators of the country's external debt are within the internationally recognized safety line and the risk of the external debt is generally controllable.
王春英是在外汇局当日公布2019年6月末外债数据，回答记者提问时作出上述表示。	Wang Chunying made the above statement when answering questions from reporters after SAFE published China's external debt data at the end of June 2019 on the same day.
数据显示，截至2019年6月末，我国全口径（含本外币）外债余额为19980亿美元，较2019年3月末增长263亿美元，增幅1.3 % ， 主要源于债务证券余额增长。	By the end of June this year, China's full-scale outstanding external debt (in both domestic and foreign currencies)stood at 1.998 trillion U.S. dollars, up 1.3 percent or 26.3 billion dollars from the end of March, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities, SAFE data showed.
2019年二季度，我国全口径外债增量七成以上由非居民购买境内人民币债券推动，且非居民中主要以央行等中长期投资者为主。	In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70 percent of the increase in China's full-scale external debt was driven by the purchase of domestic yuan-denominated bonds by non-residents. These non-residents were mainly medium- and long-term investors in banks such as the People's Bank of China.
2019年6月末，中长期外债占比较2019年3月末上升3个百分点，本币外债占比较2019年3月末上升1个百分点。	At the end of June 2019, the ratio of the medium- and long-term external debt rose by 3 percentage points and the ratio of external debt in domestic currency rose by 1 percentage point from the end of March 2019.
王春英表示，随着我国境内人民币债券2019年4月被纳入彭博巴克莱全球综合指数，国际投资者对中国债券市场的认可度进一步提升，持续增持境内人民币债券。	International investors have shown further recognition of China's bond market and have increased their holding of domestic yuan-denominated bonds after the country's yuan-denominated bonds were added to the Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index in April this year, according to Wang Chunying.
“我国国际收支保持总体平衡，外债风险可控 。 ”	"China maintains an overall balance of international payments and the risk of the external debt is generally controllable."
记者27日从云南省农业科学院了解到，目前云南草地贪夜蛾得到了有效防控，没有造成大面积暴发成灾，防控工作取得阶段性成果。	Reporters learned from Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that the fall armyworm have been effectively brought under control without causing large-scale outbreaks and disasters, marking the achievement of prevention work at this stage.
今年1月，云南普洱市江城县首次发现从境外迁入的草地贪夜蛾，随后在云南129个县确认发生，草地贪夜蛾也从云南逐步向中国内地扩散蔓延，对中国粮食生产构成直接威胁。	The fall armyworm migrated from outside China was first discovered this January in Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province. Later, another 129 counties of Yunnan confirmed its presence, and the pest also spread from Yunnan towards inland, posing a direct threat to China's agricultural production.
草地贪夜蛾是一种原产于美洲热带和亚热带地区的多食性远距离迁飞性重要农业害虫，是联合国粮农组织全球预警的重大迁飞性害虫，具有“国际性、迁飞性、暴发性、毁灭性”的特点。	The fall armyworm is an important polyphagous agricultural pest with long-distance migration capability that is originated from tropical and subtropical regions in North and South America. It is a dangerous migratory pest with "transboundary, migratory, outbreaking, and destructive" capabilities for which the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization has launched a global warning system.
该害虫危害玉米、甘蔗、高粱等80多种农作物，取食量大，可造成高达70%的产量损失。	This pest attacks more than 80 crops including corn, sugar cane, and sorghum, with its big consumption that could lead to the loss of up to 70% of the yield.
防治难度大，中国国内暂无防治该虫的登记农药。	It is difficult to prevent and control, as there is currently no registered pesticide against it in China.
自草地贪夜蛾迁飞入侵云南以来，云南省农业科学院选派谌爱东研究员，带领云南省农业科学院农业跨境有害生物协同绿色防控省创新团队，奔赴一线，实地调查，采集样本，并开展技术指导与试验示范。	Since the fall armyworm invaded Yunnan, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences appointed the researcher Chen Aidong, who led a team of green prevention and control of transboundary pest from Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences, went to the front line to conduct field work, collect samples, and give technical instructions and experimental demonstrations.
谌爱东团队已初步掌握了云南草地贪夜蛾的种群特征、天敌昆虫资源、境外虫源特点、种群迁飞轨迹、药剂毒力及田间防治效果等。	Chen Aidong’s team has established a preliminary understanding of situation, including the pest’s population characteristics, predators, characteristics of foreign pest origins, migration trajectories, pesticide toxicity, effects of field control, etc.
他们积极开展绿色防控技术研究及应用，通过种群监测、成虫诱杀、科学用药和农艺措施等绿色防控新技术的实施，在示范区的防控效果已达到了90%以上，同时减少了化学农药的使用，保护了天敌资源与生态环境，为云南有效控制草地贪夜蛾的暴发成灾及可持续治理提供了技术保障。	They actively carried out research on green pest prevention technology and its applications, including population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific use of pesticides, and agronomic methods, etc. Through these methods, they managed to control more than 90% of the pest in the demonstration area while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, which protects the predators and the ecological environment and provides Yunnan with technical support for effective control of the outbreak of the fall armyworm and for its sustainable management.
目前，云南草地贪夜蛾得到了有效防控，没有造成大面积暴发成灾，防控工作取得了阶段性成果。	As of now, the fall armyworm in Yunnan has been effectively brought under control without causing large-scale outbreaks and disasters, marking the achievement of prevention work at the current stage.
下一步，云南省农业科学院将重点开展种群迁飞入侵暴发的生态学机制，突破生物防治与绿色防控技术体系构建。	As for the next step, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism that triggered the outbreak of the pest's invasion, and aim to make a breakthrough in biological control and establish a system of green prevention and control.
同时，积极推进跨境国际合作，争取在境外建立联合重点实验室和联合监测网点与示范区，以提升云南草地贪夜蛾全方位的监测与预警能力。	Meanwhile, they will actively seek more international collaborations and aim to establish joint key laboratories, monitoring sites, and demonstration areas in order to enhance Yunnan's capability of comprehensive monitoring and early warning of the fall armyworm.
据中国人民银行网站消息，中国人民银行定于2019年9月30日发行中国国际进口博览会熊猫加字金银纪念币一套。	The People's Bank of China was scheduled to issue a set of commemorative gold and silver panda coins for China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019, according to the People's Bank of China website.
该套金银纪念币共2枚，其中金质纪念币1枚，银质纪念币1枚，均为中华人民共和国法定货币。	This set included a total of two gold and silver commemorative coins, one gold and one silver, both of which are legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
据介绍，该套金银纪念币正面图案均为北京天坛祈年殿，并刊国名、年号及“中国国际进口博览会”中文字样。	According to reports, the front side of each coin featured a depiction of the Hall of Prayers in the Temple of Heaven in Beijing and was encircled by the words "The People's Republic of China", the year of mintage, "China International Import Expo," all etched in Chinese characters.
8克圆形金质纪念币背面图案为母子熊猫图，并刊“8g Au.999”字样 、 “ 中国国际进口博览会”英文字样及面额。	The reverse side of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin depicted a panda with her cub with inscriptions including 8g Au.999, denomination, and China International Import Expo in English words.
30克圆形银质纪念币背面图案为母子熊猫图，并刊“30g Ag.999”字样 、 “ 中国国际进口博览会”英文字样及面额。	The reverse design of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin featured a mother panda with her cub along with inscriptions including 30g Au.999, denomination, and China International Import Expo etched in English.
据介绍，8克圆形金质纪念币为普制币，含纯金8克，直径22毫米，面额100元，成色99.9 % ， 最大发行量10000枚。	According to reports, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin was a currency coin with a diameter of 22mm, which contained 8 grams of 99.9 percent pure gold and has a denomination of 100 Yuan .There will be a maximum of 10,000 pieces put into circulation.
30克圆形银质纪念币为普制币，含纯银30克，直径40毫米，面额10元，成色99.9 % ， 最大发行量20000枚。	The 30-gram round gold commemorative coin was a currency coin with a diameter of 30mm, which contained 30 grams of 99.9 percent pure silver and has a denomination of 10 Yuan. There will be a maximum of 20,000 pieces put into circulation.
该套金银纪念币由沈阳造币有限公司铸造，中国金币总公司总经销。	This set of gold and silver commemorative coins were minted by Shenyang Coinage Co., LTD and exclusively distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
白皮书：中国走出一条符合国情的发展道路	The White Paper: China has embarked on a development path suited to its national conditions
中新社北京9月27日电 中国国务院新闻办公室27日发布《新时代的中国与世界》白皮书。	China News Service, Beijing, Sept. 27 -- China's State Council Information Office has released a white paper titled "China and the World in the New Era" on 27th.
白皮书指出，70年来，中国人民艰辛探索、砥砺前行，成功开辟了中国特色社会主义道路，取得了举世瞩目的发展成就。	The White Paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, Chinese people have worked hard to carve out the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and made remarkable achievements in its development.
白皮书说，中国发展靠的是自力更生、艰苦奋斗。	China's development is powered by self-reliance and hard work, the White Paper said.
中国的发展，靠的是“8亿件衬衫换一架波音”的实干精神，几代人驰而不息、接续奋斗，付出别人难以想象的辛劳和汗水；靠的是“自己的担子自己扛”的担当精神，无论顺境还是逆境，不输出问题，不转嫁矛盾，不通过强买强卖、掠夺别国发展自己；靠的是“摸着石头过河”的探索精神，不走帝国主义、殖民主义老路，不照搬西方国家发展模式，而是结合中国实际、总结经验教训、借鉴人类文明，敢闯敢试，走出一条自己的路。	China is developing based on the down-to-earth attitude of "taking pains to produce as many as 800 million shirts in order to buy a Boeing aircraft." With toil and sweat others can't imagine, their unyielding perseverance and unceasing effort passed over several generations. Based on its sense of responsibility to take on its own shoulder, for better or for worse, China will never export is problems or shift its responsibilities to others and never buy or sell by force or even pillage other countries in its development. Instead of walking along the old way of imperialism and colonialism as well as following the developing model of the western countries, China has ventured into its own way by reviewing its actual condition, learning from past experiences and leveraging human civilizations.
白皮书称，中国在与世界的联系互动中发展，中国发展为世界和平与发展注入了正能量，中国道路符合中国国情、适应时代要求。	Through its interactions with the world, China has brought positive energy to world peace and development. China's path is in line with its national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, the White Paper said.
中国以实际行动维护世界和平。	China has gone into practical actions to safeguard world peace.
70年来，中国没有主动挑起过任何一场战争和冲突，没有侵占过别国一寸土地。	Over the past 70 years, China has never instigated any war or conflict on its own initiative, nor has it encroached on an inch of land from any other country.
白皮书指出，70年来，中国发展取得巨大成功，根本原因就是找到了中国特色社会主义这条正确发展道路并且沿着这条道路坚定不移地走下去。	The White Paper points out that the fundamental reason for China's great success in its development over the past 70 years is that it has found the right path of developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and will unswervingly go down this road.
这是一条从本国国情出发确立、把人民利益放在首位、改革创新、在开放中谋求共同发展、全面依法治国的道路。	This is a path based on China's national condition by putting the interests of the people at the top place, keeping reform and innovation, and pursuing common development through opening up and comprehensively governing the country in accordance with the law.
中国体量巨大、国情复杂，治理难度世所罕见，没有集中统一、坚强有力的领导力量，中国将走向分裂和解体，给世界带来灾难。	China is a large country with complex national conditions, and its difficulty of governance is rarely seen anywhere else in the world. Without a centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will be separated and disintegrated, posing disasters to the world.
白皮书说，70年来，中国战胜了各种风险和挑战，创造了一个又一个举世瞩目的中国奇迹。	"Over the past 70 years, China has overcome all kinds of risks and challenges and created many world-renowned Chinese miracles one after another." the White Paper said.
特别是中共十八大以来，中国发展取得历史性成就、发生历史性变革，中华民族迎来了从站起来、富起来到强起来的伟大飞跃，比历史上任何时候都更接近民族复兴的伟大目标。	Especially since the 18th National Congress of Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements in its development and undergone historic changes, and a great leap forward has also come to the Chinese people as seen in their changes of historical roles from standing-up, getting rich and powerful. The Chinese nation is getting closer to the great objective of national revitalization than ever.
中国的这条发展道路，将随着时代前进越来越显示出光明的发展前景。	China's development path will, as time goes by, burgeon forth with more promising development prospects.
45个国家和地区纺织代表共同发布《世界布商宣言》。	The textile industry representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly released the World Textile Merchandising Declaration.
27日在浙江省绍兴市柯桥区召开的2019第二届世界布商大会上，45个国家和地区纺织业界代表共同发布《世界布商宣言 》 。	On the 2019 Second World Textile Merchandising Conference which took place in Keqiao District of the city of Shaoxing in Zhejing Province on 27th, the textile industry representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly released the World Textile Merchandising Declaration.
该宣言指出，面向未来，相关各国坚持开放协同、科技驱动、时尚跃变，将合力推动世界纺织产业高质量发展。	The declaration points out that, facing the future, relevant countries will adhere to open for collaboration, science and technology drive, and the effect of fashion on revolutionary change to jointly promote the high-quality development of textile industry in the world.
本届世界布商大会聚集了45个国家和地区的纺织业界代表约1200人，围绕世界经济格局中的纺织行业趋势，共探全球纺织行业的可持续发展与合作共赢之路。	About 1200 textile industry representatives from 45 countries and regions gathered in the World Textile Merchandising Conference, exploring the sustainable development and mutually beneficial cooperation of the world’s textile industry with a focus on the prospects of textile industry in the world’s economic situation.
中国纺织工业联合会会长孙瑞哲表示，当前全球产业分工格局、贸易格局、创新格局都在发生深刻调整，纺织工业已经迈入全球化、创新化、责任化发展的新阶段 ， “ 科技、时尚、绿色”的发展理念日益深化。	Sun Ruizge, the chairman of China National Textile and Apparel Council, said that the current global industrial division of labor, trade pattern, and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation, and responsible development with increasingly deepened development concept of “science, technology, and sustainability”.
站在全球纺织转型升级的“十字路口 ” ， 孙瑞哲谈及 ， “ 产业要实现可持续发展和共同繁荣，需要全球纺织人积极参与、各施所长、利益共享 。 ”	Standing at the crossroad of transformation and upgrading of the word’s textile industry, Sun Ruizhe said, “To achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, the industry needs whoever engaged in the textile industry worldwide to actively participate with respective strengths for common interests."
会上，45个国家和地区纺织界代表共同发布《世界布商宣言 》 ， 共同阐述了全球纺织产业发展目标与愿景。	On the conference, the textile industry representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly released the World Textile Merchandising Declaration, clarifying the development goals and grand vision of the global textile industry.
《世界布商宣言》指出，面向未来，相关国家将坚持开放协同，不断推进产业与市场互联互通，共同提升产业链发展水平；将坚持科技驱动，不断加强基础研究、应用研究和技术转化，共同提升产业基础能力；将聚力时尚跃变，充分发挥纺织服装作为文化载体和文明桥梁的作用，共同提升产业文化价值。	The World Textile Merchandising Declaration noted that, facing the future, we will adhere to open collaboration, continuously promote the interconnection of industry and market, and jointly improve the development of the industrial chain; we will adhere to science and technology drive, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technology transformation, and jointly improve the industrial infrastructure capabilities; we will center on the effect of fashion on revolutionary change and give full play to the role of textile and garment as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, jointly enhancing the value of industrial culture.
巴西时尚设计师协会主席Loureno Bartholomei接受采访表示 ， 《 世界布商宣言》的发布有助于各个国家共同提升纺织产业链发展水平，实现纺织产业可持续发展。	The chairman of the Council of Fashion Designers of Brazil jointly Loureno Bartholomei said in the interview that, the release of World Textile Merchandising Declaration is helpful for many countries to jointly improve the development of the industrial chain, realizing the sustainable development of textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei举例谈及，巴西时尚设计师协会有130多个高端本地成衣品牌，设计师们致力于设计时尚、高端的成衣产品，而柯桥又有着各式精品面料 ， “ 通过此次布商大会，我们也期待可以与柯桥优秀的供应商建立联系，寻求更多合作机遇 。 ”	Loureno Bartholomei illustrated that the Council of Fashion Designers of Brazil has more than 130 local high-end clothing brands. The designers are committed to fashion design and high-end clothing products, while Keqiao has high-quality materials. “Through this merchandising conference, we are also looking forward to building connections with the outstanding suppliers in Keqiao and seeking for more cooperation opportunities.”
作为世界布商大会举办地，柯桥拥有世界规模最大的纺织品市场，当前正以其特有的纺织全产业链，逐步构建对内提档升级、对外扩大开放的新格局，代表着中国纺织形象迈在世界前沿。	As the host of the World Textile Merchandising Conference, Keqiao has the largest scale of textile market in the world. It is employing its unique full textile industry chain to gradually construct a new pattern of inner upgrading and expanding open-door to the outside world, which indicates that the image of textile in China is at the cutting edge of world.
柯桥区委书记沈志江表示，柯桥将以此次布商大会为契机，以先行者的姿态推动纺织产业朝着更加开放、包容、普惠、平衡、共赢的方向前进。	Shen Zhijiang, the party secretary of district committee in Keqiao, noted that Keqiao will take advantage of this textile merchandising conference, promoting the textile industry as the forerunner to move towards openness, inclusiveness, common interest, balance and mutual benefit.
路透测算的人民币中间价料开在7.0883元附近 逆周期影响460点。	Reuters calculates that the central parity rate of the Renminbi against the US dollar is expected to open at about 7.0883 yuan, with 460 points of rise due to countercyclical factors.
路透根据中国外汇交易中心(CFETS)公布的人民币汇率形成机制测算，人民币兑美元中间价周五预计会开在7.0883元附近，较上日贬值约154点。	According to the calculation of Reuters based on the Renminbi exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the central parity rate of the Renminbi against the US dollar is expected to open at about 7.0883, 154 points lower than the previous day.
上日人民币兑美元即期收报7.1315元，而中间价则为7.0729元。	Last day, the Renminbi closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar and the central parity rate was 7.0729 yuan.
根据定价机制，今日中间价变动中，有586点下跌反映市场供求影响，另有27点下跌反映的是隔夜一篮子汇率基本保持不变所需要的点数；还有460点上涨反映的是“逆周期因子”影响。	Based on the mechanism, among the changes of today’s central parity rate, there are 586 points of decline reflecting the impact of the market supply and demand. There are another 27 points of decline demonstrating the number of the required points for the exchange rate of basket currencies to remain basically unchanged overnight. There also exist 460 points of rise indicating the influences of the countercyclical factors.
路透测算的上日人民币兑美元中间价为7.0947元，和外汇交易中心公布的实际值偏差218点。	Reuters calculated that the central parity rate of the Renminbi against the US dollar is 7.0947 yuan the last day. The actual value deviation between the Reuters’ calculation and the value released by China Foreign Exchange Trading Center is 218 points.
上日路透根据CFETS公布的中间价测算，人民币汇率CFETS指数、参考SDR（特别提款权）篮子指数和参考BIS(国际清算银行)篮子指数分别为91.26、91.46和94.92。	Last day, based on the central parity rate released by CFETS, Reuters’ calculations of the CFETS RMB exchange rate index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) currency basket index, and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index are 91.26、91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
中国北方第一高楼天津周大福竣工 创百余项国家专利成果	Northern China’s tallest building Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Finance Center completed and hundreds of patents obtained
中国北方第一高楼天津周大福金融中心竣工典礼26日下午在天津滨海新区举行，标志着中建八局天津周大福金融中心项目部自主研发的荣获全球工程建设行业全球卓越奖的建筑信息模型 — — 高精度BIM模型的协同管理平台在摩天大楼建造领域获得成功。	The completion ceremony of northern China’s tallest building Tianjin Chow Tai Fook (CTF) Finance Center was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area in the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of a coordinating management platform for the high-precision Building Information Modeling (BIM) which was developed by the China Construction Eight Engineering Division and has won the AEC Excellence Awards.
天津周大福金融中心位于天津市经济技术开发区内，工程总建筑面积达39万平方米，地下4层，地上100层，建筑高度530米，涵盖甲级办公、豪华公寓、超五星级酒店等，落成后将成为天津国际化地标建筑群中的重要组成部分。	Located in the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area (TEDA) in the outer district of Tianjin, the Tianjin CTF Finance Center is a 530-meter mixed use tower, covering a 390,000 square meters of area. It is 530 meters tall and has 97 floors above ground and 4 floors below ground. The center will include offices, five-star hotels and serviced apartments and will become an important part of the international landmarks in Tianjin.
中建八局天津周大福金融中心项目部相关负责人介绍，整个项目用钢量超7万吨，高空组对焊缝约37.6万米相当于42.5个珠穆拉玛峰高度，使用焊丝可绕地球40圈，钢构件数量达42000件，50%以上为非标构件，这包括创世界之最的单层扭曲角度达90度的双管椭圆截面钢管柱等。	According to the head of the Tianjin CTF Finance Center Project Department of the China Construction Eight Engineering Division, the whole project has used over 70,000 tons of steel. The weld line in the sky has a length of 376,000 meters, which is 42.5 height of Mount Everest. The length of wire for welding used is 40 times as long as the circumference of the earth. There were 42,000 steel members used, with over 50 percent of non-standard members, including the world's best double-tube elliptical cross-section steel tube column with every single-layer being able to be twisted to a 90-degrees angle.
天津周大福项目钢结构的复杂程度和加工难度是前所未有的。	The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin CTF project is unprecedented.
业内人士称，天津周大福金融中心，在全国己建成或在建的摩天大楼工程中，率先全方位推行建筑信息模型(BIM)管理。	According to a professional, the Tianjin CTF Finance Center is the first to implement BIM management in China's skyscraper projects no matter they have been completed or are under construction.
创造性的提出并成功实行了全员参与、全专业应用、全过程实施的“三全BIM应用”模，研发了基于高精度BIM模型的协同管理平台。	This developing team of this project creatively proposed and successfully implemented the BIM application model with full participation, full professional application and full application and also developed a coordinating management platform based on a high-precision BIM model.
该负责人表示，在周大福施工过程中，项目部首先在虚拟世界中进行BIM搭建，进行科学无误的验证后再进行物质实体施工，由此将既往建筑工程施工中可能产生拆改、返工的问题消灭在萌芽之中。	The head of the project said that the project department firstly established virtue BIM during the construction and started work after scientific tests. This could eliminate problems that may happen during the construction, such as removing and redoing, from the very beginning.
2017年，周大福金融中心项目的BIM创新成果，在全球AU大师汇暨2017年全球工程建设行业全球卓越奖颁奖盛典上荣获全球工程建设行业全球卓越奖施工组一等奖。	The innovation of the Tianjin CTF Finance Center won the first prize of the AEC Excellence Awards in 2017.
在该项目施工过程中，项目部共创造了130余项国家专利成果。	During the construction, the project department obtained over 130 national patents.
值得一提的是，天津周大福项目BIM创新成果与科技创新推动，不仅使复杂、繁多的施工环节全部实现了一次成优，施工工期缩短四个月以上，还带动了安全管理等方面的大幅提升。	It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements and technological innovation of the Tianjin CTF project not only achieved success in complex and numerous construction links, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in many aspects such as safety management.
前不久，天津周大福金融中心项目还荣获了2019年ISA国际安全奖。	Not long ago, the Tianjin CTF Finance Center project also won the 2019 International Safety Award (ISA).
第86次中老缅泰湄公河联合巡逻执法完成。	86th joint patrol on Mekong River completed.
记者27日从云南省公安厅新闻办公室获悉，当日15时30分，参与第86次中老缅泰湄公河联合巡逻执法的中国3艘执法艇和老挝2艘执法艇顺利靠泊中国关累港，标志着此次联合巡逻执法行动圆满结束。	According to the Information Office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department, at 15:30 local time, the 86th Mekong River joint patrol led by China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand successfully concluded, as three Chinese and two Laotian law enforcement boats anchored at Guanlei Port, Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture in southwest China's Yunnan Province.
此次行动于24日在关累港启动，历时4天3夜，中老缅泰四国共派出执法人员136人，执法艇6艘。	The patrol started on the 24th at Guanlei Port. A total of 136 law enforcement officers from the four countries, in six vessels, participated in the four-day and three-night mission.
行动期间，编队在金三角、老挝班相果、孟莫等重点水域开展联合巡逻、禁毒宣传等活动。	Joint patrols and an anti-drug campaign were launched in key waters such as the Golden Triangle and Laotian rivers.
此外，中方还派出警务实战教官团赴老挝人民军122、133边防连队开展警务实战技能交流，有效提升双方执法队员联合处置突发事件的应急能力。	On top of that, the Chinese side sent a delegation of police instructors to the Laotian 122 and 133 border defense force for exchanging practical police skills. This would significantly improve the emergency response capacity of both sides' law enforcement teams to handle unexpected accidents.
中老缅泰四国还在泰国清盛召开执法合作交流会，相互通报了各国近期在边境管理、打击毒品犯罪及湄公河流域治安形势等情况，就加强信息交流、研判和执法合作进行磋商交流，达成一致共识；并举办四国文体交流活动，开展足球、藤球、铁球及拔河等竞赛项目，有效增进执法队员间相互了解和四国执法合作友谊。	Multilateral information exchange meetings on law enforcement cooperation and a series of cultural and sports exchange activities were also held in Chiang Saen, Thailand, during the patrol. The four countries shared the information of border management, crackdown on drugs and public peace situation in the Mekong River area, discussed and reached an agreement on strengthening information exchange and cooperation in law study and judge and law enforcement. Cultural and sports exchange activities, including football, kick volleyball, iron ball match and tug-of-war, effectively enhanced mutual understanding and friendship between law enforcement officers of the four countries.
云南省公安厅水上巡逻总队相关负责人介绍，此次行动结束后，中老双方还将继续开展为期10天的联合驻训和分段联巡任务，提升湄公河见警率，全力维护好湄公河流域的安全稳定。	Leader of the petrol team of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department said that China and Laos will continue to conduct a 10-day long joint training and staged joint patrol after the mission, in order to step up patrols and maintain safety and stability on the Mekong River.
泰方指挥长表示，自湄公河联合巡逻执法启动以来，中老缅泰四国密切交往，深化务实合作，在执法安全合作及文化交流等多领域取得丰硕成果。	The Thai commander said that ever since the launch of the joint patrol on Mekong River, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have had closer communication and more pragmatic cooperation and have achieved great success in law enforcement and cultural exchange.
希望四方执法合作不断深化拓展，努力开启四国执法合作新局面，为维护湄公河流域安全稳定做出新的贡献。	China hopes that the four countries can continue to enhance cooperation and make breakthroughs in law enforcement in order to maintain stability and safety on the Mekong River.
伊朗国防部长阿米尔·哈塔米25日表态，反对就伊朗导弹项目与西方达成任何协议。	Amir Khatami, the Defense Minister of Iran, expressed an opposition to reaching any agreement with western countries on the Iranian missile project.
伊朗伊斯兰共和国通讯社援引哈塔米的话报道，与美国就伊朗“导弹力量”达成的任何协议都将损害伊方能力。	The news agency in the Islamic Republic of Iran quoted from Amir Khatami, reaching any agreement with the US on Iranian force of missiles would be detrimental to Iran.
按哈塔米的说法，伊朗领导人都支持改进导弹项目。	According to Khatami, all the leaders of Iran supported to improve the missile project.
伊朗与伊朗核问题六国2015年达成协议，美国去年5月退出这一协议并恢复和强化对伊制裁，试图借助极限施压迫使伊朗与美国重新谈判伊核协议，以限制伊朗的武器项目和地区活动。	Iran reached agreement with six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015. Th US withdrew from this agreement in May last year, trying to pressurize Iran into negotiating the agreement again in order to restrict the weapon projects and regional programs of Iran.
一些西方领导人借联合国大会场合斡旋美伊紧张关系。	Some western leaders mediated in the tension between the US and Iran on the United Nations General Assembly.
英国首相鲍里斯·约翰逊、德国总理安格拉·默克尔和法国总统埃马纽埃尔·马克龙23日在联大间隙会面。	British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and French President Emmanuel Macron met on 23rd during the Assembly.
三国领导人会面后发表联合声明，敦促伊朗就核活动、导弹项目和地区安全议题参与对话。	The leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement after the meeting, urging Iran to participate in the dialogue about nuclear activities, missile projects and regional safety issues.
伊朗总统哈桑·鲁哈尼24日告诉媒体记者，伊朗愿意讨论伊核协议“小幅改动、补充或修正 ” ， 前提是美国解除制裁。	Hassan Rouhani, the President of Iran told the journalists on 24th that they were willing to revise, complement or amend the agreement on Iranian nuclear to a small degree, on the premise that the US lift sanctions.
2019东京国际电影节章子怡任评审团长	2019 Tokyo International Film Festival, Zhang Ziyi took up the post of the jury leader.
中文导报讯由北京电影学院教授王瑞执导的影片《白云之下 》 ， 作为唯一一部华语片，入围10月28日开幕的第32届东京国际电影节主竞赛单元，它将与其它13部入围影片一起角逐东京国际电影节的最高奖项 — — 金麒麟奖。	Reported by the Chinese Review Weekly, the film directed by Professor Wang Rui from Beijing Film Academy, Chaogtu with Sarula, was selected to the major competition unit at the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival opened on October 28. As the only Chinese film, it will compete for the highest award with other 13 selected films at the Tokyo International Film Festival — — Golden Kylin Award.
《白云之下》是“桃李满天下”的王瑞教授执导的第5部影片，讲述了一对普通的蒙古族牧民夫妻，因生活追求的不同而产生的某种生活困境，由蒙古族演员吉日木图、塔娜出任主演。	Chaogtu with Sarula is the fifth film of Professor Wang Rui who has many students. It tells that a normal Mongolian couple who were herdsmen got into trouble due to their different life pursuits, starring Mongolian actor and actress Jiri Mutu, Tana.
据悉 ， 《 白云之下》在本届电影节期间举行两场全球首映活动，上映日期分别为10月31日和11月3日。	It is reported that Chaogtu with Sarula will have its world premiere twice during thos Film Festival, and the dates are October 31 and November 3, respectively.
第32届东京国际电影节定于今年10月28日至11月5日，在东京的六本木、日比谷等会场举办，9月26日下午，电影节组委会举行新闻发布会，正式宣布了角逐金麒麟奖的主竞赛单元 、 “ 亚洲未来”单元 、 “ 特别招待作品 ” 、 Japanese Cinema Splash 、 《 世界焦点》等多个单元、企画的影片名单。	The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival will be held at Roppongi, Hibiya Wataru and other places in Tokyo from October 28 to November 5. In the afternoon on September 26, the commission of the Film Festival held news conference, formally announcing the major competition unit for the Golden Kylin Award, “Future of Asia” unit, “Special Treat Works”, Japanese Cinema Splash, World Focus and other units, as well as the projected film list.
竞赛片选片负责人介绍中国参赛影片《白云之下 》 。	The person in charge of film selection for competition introduces Chaogtu with Sarula, the Chinese film selected for competition.
章子怡出任电影节主竞赛单元国际评委主席。	Zhang Ziyi took up the post of the president of international jury for the major competition unit of the Film Festival.
“亚洲未来”单元有3部华语片	“Future of Asia” unit includes three Chinese films.
在东京国际电影节一系列单元中，其重要地位仅次于主竞赛影片的“亚洲未来”单元，尽管只有8部入围影片，比主竞赛还少了6部，但却有3部来自中国大陆及香港的华语片入围。	In a series of units of Tokyo International Film Festival, the importance of “Future of Asia” ranks only second to the major competition films. Even though it only includes 8 selected films which are 6 films fewer than the major competition, there are 3 Chinese films selected from Mainland China and Hong Kong.
两部香港影片是陆以心导演的《Baby复仇记 》 、 黄庆勋导演的由影帝郭富城和影后杨千嬅主演的《麦路人 》 ， 一部大陆影片是尤行导演的《夏夜骑士 》 。	Two Hong Kong films are BABY: The Secret Diary of A Mom To Be directed by Lu Yixin, as well as I’m Livin’it directed by Huang Qingxun, starring the movie king Guo Fucheng and the movie queen Yang Qianhua. One film from Mainland China is Summer Knight directed by You Hang.
此外，由余非执导，役所广司、张静初、林柏宏主演的中日合作动作冒险影片 — — 《冰峰暴 》 ， 作为“特别招待作品 ” ， 也将在本届电影节上映。	In addition, the action adventure film made by China and Japan — — Wings Over Everest starring Yisuo Guangsi, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Bohong and directed by Yufei, will be released at this Film Festival as the “Special Treat Works”.
电影节代言人 、 “ 女神”广濑爱丽丝，因故缺席记者会，发表视频感言。	The spokeswoman, “goddess” Guanglai Alice, published the video due to her absence from the press conference.
著名导演山田洋次。	The famous director Shantian Yangci.
在记者会上，今年8月刚刚上任的东京国际电影节主席安藤裕康、电影节Director久松猛朗，以及各单元选片负责人，先后登台致辞，介绍了电影节宗旨及各上映影片等。	At the press conference, Anteng Yukang who was just appointed to the chairman of Tokyo International Film Festival on August this year, and director of the Film Festival Jiusong Menglang, as well as the head from all units of film selection, made their speech on the stage successively, introducing the purposes of the Film Festival and related films.
作为记者会的特别嘉宾，开幕影片 — — “寅次郎”系列第50部作品《寅次郎的故事：欢迎归来》导演山田洋次、两部入围主主竞赛单元的日本影片导演手塚真 （ 《 巴洛波拉 》 ） 、足立绅 （ 《 喜剧 爱妻物语 》 ） ，以及著名剧作家、编剧中岛一树，也亮相本次记者会，讲述参与东京电影节的感受。	As the special guests of the press conference, Shantian Yangci whose film was selected as the open film — — The Story of Tora San : Welcome Back as the 50th work of “Tora San” Series, Japanese director Shouzhong Zhen whose film was selected to the major competition unit twice (Bagbala), Zu Likun (Comedy Story of a Beloved Wife), as well as the famous playwriter and scriptwriter Zhongdao Yishu, also attended the press conference. They described their feelings of joining the Tokyo Film Festival.
主竞赛单元的国际评委阵容由5人组成，评审团主席为中国的章子怡，其他4人分别是美国制片人比尔·格伯、法国演员兼制片人朱莉·加耶、丹麦导演迈克尔·诺尔、日本导演广木隆一。	The international jury for the major competition unit consists of five people, including Zhang Ziyi as the chairman of the jury, as well as American film producer Bill Gerber, French actress and film producer Julie Gayer, director Michael Nore from Denmark, and Japanese director Guangmu Longyi.
另外，与东京国际电影节同步举办的TIFFCOM（国际映像市场 ） ， 于10月22日至24日，在池袋阳光城会展中心举办，今年将有创记录的401个团体出展设摊，特别是来自中国的出展单位达到90个，与去年的14个相比，猛增了6.4倍。	Furthermore, the TIFFCOM (international image market), which was held at the same time with the Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held at the convention and exhibition center of Sunshine City in Ikebukuro. There will be all-time record of 401 groups present at the exposition for sales, especially the number of exposition units from China has reached 90, which increases by 6.4 times compared to 14 last year.
为此，TIFFCOM特别将开幕当天的10月22日，定为“中国日（CHINA DAY ） ” ，举办多个讲座、研讨会等，并邀请日本导演石井裕也参加相关活动，当天晚上的欢迎晚宴也由中日共同主办。	To this end, TIFFCOM classified October 22, the open day, as the “CHINA DAY”. It held many workshops seminars, etc. It also invites Japanese director Shi Jingyu to join relevant activities. The welcome dinner at that night was also cosponsored by China and Japan.
成都“熊猫星球”及大熊猫繁育研究基地扩建项目开工	Chengdu starts expansion projects on “Panda Planet” and Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding
新华社成都9月27日电（记者李倩薇）丰富大熊猫文化主题旅游线路，熊猫基地未来可容纳180只大熊猫 。“熊猫星球”及大熊猫繁育研究基地扩建项目25日在成都市正式开工，这意味着成都规划打造的“熊猫之都”项目正式启动。	By Qianwei Li in Chengdu, Xinhua News Agency, September 27. To enrich the panda-themed tourist routes, the panda base will accommodate up to 180 giant pandas. The expansion projects on “Panda Planet” and Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding formally started in Chengdu at 25, suggesting the official launch of “City of Pandas” project in Chengdu.
按规划，成都打造的“熊猫之都”由北湖片区、都江堰片区和龙泉山片区3个区域组成，面积达69平方公里。	According to the project, the “City pf Pandas” built in Chengdu consists of three Districts of Beihu, Dujiangyan and Longquan Mountain, covering 69 square meters.
规划将大熊猫的生态、文化价值和成都美丽宜居公园城市建设有机结合，打造大熊猫的生态家园。	It plans to integrate the ecological and cultural value of giant panda into beautiful and habitable Chengdu park city in an organic way, creating giant pandas’ ecological homestead.
“熊猫星球”属于北湖片区，占地35平方公里，结合产业策划，将形成“1+N+X”的区域空间结构。	The “Panda Planet” is in Beihu District, covering 35 square meters. It will be formed into a “1+N+X” spatial structure in combination with industry orientation.
1个核心吸引物即大熊猫繁育研究基地改扩建项目；N个文化旅游消费场景打造，即熊猫小镇、逍遥园、梦花园等；X个区域基础配套设施。	1 key attraction, namely the expansion project on Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding; N creations of consumption scenes of cultural tourism, namely the small town of pandas, Xiaoyao Park, Menghua garden, etc.; X related supporting infrastructure in the districts.
成都大熊猫繁育研究基地改扩建后，规模将达3525亩，总体定位为世界级大熊猫保护示范地，人与动物美好时光共享地。	After the expansion of Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding, it will cover 3525 hectares with an overall orientation as the world-level sample protected area of giant panda, as well as the area where humans share good times with animals.
园区规划可容纳180只大熊猫及其伴生动物（小熊猫和金丝猴 ） 。	The garden area is projected to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their companion animals (lesser pandas and golden monkeys).
据中央广播电视总台中国之声《新闻和报纸摘要》报道，连日来，多位国际政要、各国使节向新中国成立70周年表示祝贺，高度评价新中国发展成就及其对全球发展的重要意义。	Over the past few days many international political leaders and diplomatic envoys have congratulated China on its 70th anniversary and spoken highly of the achievements of new China and its significance to global development, according to the "News and Newspaper Summary" report by China Voices of Central Radio and Television Station.
马里总统凯塔在接受中央广播电视总台记者专访时表示，他曾多次到访中国，过去70年间中国的发展成就惊人，并惠及世界。	In an exclusive interview with reporters from the Central Radio and Television Station, President Keita of Mali stated that he has visited China many times. China's developmental achievements have been amazing in the past 70 years and have benefited the world.
凯塔：我是中国人民的朋友、真诚的朋友。	Keita: I am a friend and a sincere friend of the Chinese people.
中国从未自私自利地发展，而是向世界敞开了大门，为世界各国人民带来了最大的幸福。	China has never pursued selfish development. Instead, it has opened its door to the world and brought the greatest happiness to people of all countries.
我们希望中国一切成功，我希望习近平主席带领着伟大的中国人民继续实现梦想。	We wish China every success, and I hope That President Xi Jinping will continue to lead the great Chinese people to realize their dreams.
生日快乐，祝福中国！	Happy birthday and best wishes to China!
巴巴多斯总理莫特利表示：祝中华人民共和国生日快乐。	Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: I wish the People's Republic of China a happy birthday.
向中国人民问好。	Say hello to the Chinese people.
我永远不会忘记这一天，因为这一天也是我的生日。	I will never forget this day, because this day is also my birthday.
日前(25日 ) ， 来自130多个国家的驻华使节和国际组织驻华代表在北京参观“伟大历程 辉煌成就 — — 庆祝中华人民共和国成立70周年大型成就展 ” 。	A few days ago (on the 25th), diplomatic envoys from more than 130 countries in China and representatives of international organizations in China have visited "Great History, Glorious Achievements--the Grand Achievement Exhibition celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
俄罗斯驻华大使杰尼索夫表示：亲自看到中国改革开放政策的出发点，对比今日和40多年前的情况，进步太大。	Denisov, Russia's ambassador to China, said: I have personally seen the starting point of China's reform and opening up policy. Comparing the situation today with more than 40 years ago, the progress has been too great.
此外，近日来我驻多国使领馆也在当地举行多种活动，与当地友好人士共庆新中国成立70周年。	In addition, Chinese embassies and consulates in many countries have held various activities in the local areas in recent days to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China with local friends.
众多外国友人纷纷为中国送上衷心祝福。	Many foreign friends have expressed their sincere blessings to China.
9月26日，百度宣布，在湖南省长沙市的特定公路上启动无人操作的“4级”完全自动驾驶出租车队Robotaxi的试运营。	On 26 September, Chinese Internet search giant Baidu Inc announced the start of trial operations of its L4 driverless taxi Robotaxi fleet on roads in Changsha, capital of China's central Hunan province.
自动驾驶初创企业小马智行也在广东省广州市启动了试运营。	The autonomous driving start-up Pony also started a test in Guangzhou, capital of China's southern Guangdong province.
获得中国政府支援的自动驾驶出租车的试运营或将在各地扩大。	The testing of driverless vehicles is going to expand to cities all over China thanks to the support from the Chinese government.
自26日起，百度利用45辆自动驾驶出租车进行试运营，长沙市的乘客可通过专用网站申请乘坐。	From 26 September, 45 self-driving taxies from Baidu have officially started trial operations in Changsha. Passengers can hail one of the 45 via Baidu's app.
驾驶席上设有“安全员 ” ， 确保乘客的安全。	Each of the driverless taxies has a "security person" inside to ensure the safety of passengers.
提供试运营的公路截至2019年底为50公里，计划到2020年上半年延长至135公里。	Baidu's Robotaxi service will cover an area of 50km-long open roads by the end of 2019 and will cover an area of 135km-long open roads in the first half of 2020.
车辆为中国一汽集团的纯电动汽车“红旗EV ” ， 配备了百度成立并获得中国政府支援的“阿波罗计划”开发的系统等。	The self-driving car is backed by Hongqi EV, a full-electric vehicle produced by China's leading automaker FAW Group, and is equipped with the system developed by Baidu's Apollo Programme supported by the Chinese government.
百度的阿波罗计划除了丰田和本田之外，还有德国大众、德国戴姆勒、美国福特汽车、美国英特尔、美国微软和美国英伟达等150多家企业参加。	Currently, Apollo has 150 partner companies. Apart from Toyota and Honda, it also partners with Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford, Intel, Microsoft and Nvidia.
围绕中国的自动驾驶出租车，中国最大网约车服务商滴滴出行发布了年内在上海市郊外启动30辆自动驾驶出租车服务的计划。	China's largest ride-hailing company Didi also announced the plan to launch a driverless taxi service with the first batch of 30 self-driving vehicles in the rural area of Shanghai.
中国的自动驾驶开发竞争或将变得更加激烈。	The competition for the development of self-driving vehicles in China may get fiercer in the coming future.
台湾学者建言 ： “ 不确定年代”台商需跟紧大陆发展主流产业	Scholars from China's Taiwan province suggest: Taiwanese businessmen should follow the Chinese mainland to develop mainstream industries during the "time of uncertainty"
“ 2019台商创新营运模式论坛”26、27日一连两天在台北举行。	The 2019 Taiwan Businessmen Innovation Business Model Forum was held in Taipei from the 26th to the 27th.
活动邀请多位台商代表及学者就企业转型、创新、接班和市场开拓分享经验。	The forum invited many Taiwanese business representatives and scholars to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market expanding.
此次论坛由台北经营管理研究院主办，群益金鼎证券、杰出大陆台商联谊会等组织协办。	The forum was hosted by the Management Institute in Taipei and co-organized by organizations and institutions such as Capital Securities and the Association of Outstanding Taiwan Business in Chinese Mainland.
两天会议分为转型升级模式、经营策略等多场研讨会先后进行，逾百人与会。	The two-day meeting was divided into several seminars including the transformation and upgrade of the model and business strategies. Over a hundred people attended the meeting.
台北经营管理研究院院长陈明璋表示，中(中国大陆)美贸易摩擦持续，台商面临“不确定年代 ” 。	Micky M. C. Chen, president of the Management Institute in Taipei said that as trade frictions between the US and (the mainland of) China continue, Taiwanese businessmen are now facing a "time of uncertainty".
他认为，台商需与时俱进，跟紧大陆发展的主流产业，尤其关注与科技、文化、旅游、健康领域相关的创新产品。	He believes that Taiwanese businessmen should keep pace with the time and keep up with the mainstream industries developed in the Chinese mainland and should pay special attention to innovative products in the technology, culture, tourism and health industry.
“过去台商重视品质、成效及交付 。 ”	"Taiwanese businessmen focused on quality, efficiency and payment in the past."
陈明璋认为，台商仅有上述条件在当下已然不够。	Micky believes that currently, focusing on the above conditions is no longer enough for Taiwanese businessmen.
他指，台资企业更要兼具速度与服务，加快供应链速度，重视延伸服务和生活产品服务。	He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speeds and services. They should speed up the supply chain and pay attention to extension services and life products services.
此外 ， “ 服务增值”也是台商可大力发展的新领域。	In addition, the value-added service is also a new field that Taiwan businessmen can greatly develop.
台商代表发言环节，来自广东的台商亚忆电子有限公司董事长许文堂介绍说，亚忆电子曾因订单骤减导致营运困难，集团从调结构、活化资产等多个面向着手改善经营状况。	In the speech session for representatives, a Taiwanese businessman who is the chairman of Action Asia (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. from China's southern Guangdong province said that the company once experienced operational difficulties due to a sudden reduction in the number of orders. The group then started to improve its operating conditions from structural adjustment and asset activation.
收掉传统电器业务、转型车用电子设备、进军智慧家电行业，历经三年时间企业才实现营收。	It took the company three years to become profitable after abandoning the traditional electrical appliances business, transforming automotive electronic equipment and entering the smart home appliance industry.
太阳神(珠海)电子有限公司总经理白鸿璋则提出，如果开发新客户困难，不如聚焦原客户提供“一站式”服务。	General manager of Apollo Electronics (Zhuhai, China) (headquarter of Apollo Group) Pai Anthony Hung Chang proposed that when encountering difficulties in developing new customers, a company should try to focus more on providing "one-stop" services for the existing customers.
客户换掉供应商不外乎服务差、价格高、质量低、交货速度慢、品种少、诚信问题六方面因素，只要解决这六点，加之适时改造生产线、拓展产品门类，企业自会成为客户不可替换的供应商。	There are usually six reasons when customers change their suppliers: poor services, high prices, low quality, slow delivery speed, less variety and honesty issues. As long as these six points are solved, combining with timely modification of production lines and expansion of product categories, companies will become irreplaceable for customers.
27日，同样由台北经营管理研究院主办的“2019杰出大陆台商奖”颁奖典礼在台北举行。	On the 27th, the awarding ceremony of the "2019 Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen in the Mainland of China" was also hosted by the Management Institute in Taipei.
据台湾《经济日报》报道，营运中心设在上海的金色大地公司总经理吕政璋获“杰出台商和两岸贡献奖 ” 。	According to Economic Daily in Taiwan, General Manager of Golden Field which has the operation center in the Shanghai Stephen Lu won the “Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen and Cross-Strait Contribution Award”.
新规征求意见：社会资本取得农村土地经营权需有资质	New regulation is in seek of advice -- social capital needs qualification to acquire rural land management rights
社会资本取得农村土地经营权需有资质	Social capital needs qualification to acquire rural land management rights
《农村土地经营权流转管理办法》公开征求意见 拟对工商企业等社会资本流转取得土地经营权进行监管	Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights, which aims to supervise the acquisitions of land management rights by social capital from industrial and commercial enterprises, starts to solicit public opinions
昨日，农业农村部网站发布了关于《农村土地经营权流转管理办法(修订草案征求意见稿 ) 》 (以下简称《意见稿 》 ) 公开征求意见的通知，增加了对工商企业等社会资本流转取得土地经营权的监管和风险防范。	A notice for public consultation on the Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights (A Revised Version for Public Consultation) (hereinafter referred to as the Consultation Draft), which enhances the supervision and risk control on acquiring land management rights through the circulation of social capital from industrial and commercial enterprises, was published on the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs (MOA) yesterday.
《意见稿》今起向社会公开征求意见。	The Consultation Draft is now open for public opinion today.
农业农村部称，为贯彻落实新修改的《农村土地承包法 》 ， 进一步巩固和完善农村基本经营制度，深化农村土地制度改革，落实“三权分置”制度，农业农村部对《农村土地承包经营权流转管理办法》进行修订，形成了《意见稿 》 。	According to (MOA), in order to carry out the newly-revised Rural Land Contracting Act, to further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of rural land regulatory system, and implement the system for “separating the ownership rights, contract rights, and management rights for contracted rural land", the Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Management Rights was revised by MOA to form the Consultation Draft.
北京青年报记者了解到，首次公布的《意见稿》有多处重要修改。	The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that there were a number of important amendments to the Consultation Draft which was published for the first time.
新修改的《农村土地承包法》明确了土地流转范围，贯彻了“三权分置”理念，专节分别设置“土地承包经营权”和“土地经营权 ” ， 对土地承包经营权转让、互换和土地经营权流转(出租、转包、入股或其他方式)作出了明确区分。	The newly-revised Rural Land Contracting Act clarifies the range of land circulation, implements the concept of "three rights", and elaborates on both "land contracting management rights" and "land management rights" respectively in a separate section to help make a clear distinction between land management rights transfer, exchange and circulation (renting, subcontracting, shareholding or other ways).
在此次《意见稿》中，为贯彻“三权分置”理念，有效回应《农村土地承包法》修法要旨，并考虑到土地经营权流转和土地承包经营权互换、转让在当事人、程序、监管等方面有较大差别，本次修改稿对于流转范围进行了界定，聚焦于土地经营权流转，流转方式包括出租、入股等，将规章名称由《农村土地承包经营权流转管理办法》修改为《农村土地经营权流转管理办法 》 。	As shown in the Consultation Draft, in order to implement the concept of "three rights" and echo effectively with the keynote of the Rural Land Contracting Act, as well as to take into consideration the big differences between the circulation of land management rights and the exchange of land contracting management rights in terms of the parties concerned, procedures and supervisions, the revised version defines the scope of land circulation, focuses on the circulation of land management rights including renting, subcontracting, etc., and also changes the regulation's name from the Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Contracting Management Rights to the Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights.
对于土地承包经营权的转让、互换将另行出台管理办法进行规定。	As for the transfer and exchange of land contracting management rights, administrative measures for supervision will be introduced separately.
《意见稿》指出，在“三权分置”背景下，农民入股的只是一定期限的土地经营权。	The Consultation Draft pointed out that in the context of "three rights", what farmers bring in business is land management rights for only a certain period of time.
从理论上说，即使发生破产清算，农民只存在丧失一定期限的经营权的风险，因此规定承包地退回原承包户在法理上已没有必要，也与《破产法》存在冲突。	In theory, even if there is a bankruptcy liquidation, farmers will only be exposed to the risk of losing their management rights for a certain period of time. As a result, there is no legal necessity to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, which is also in conflict with the Bankruptcy Act.
针对防范农民失地风险的问题，实践中产生了优先股、先租后股、回购等方法。	In order to put in control the risk of farmers' losing of their land, preferred stock, rent-to-share, buyback and other solutions were introduced in practice.
考虑到优先股在公司法上已有较成熟的理论探讨，建议将其作为防范入股失地风险的倡导性规定。	As preferred stock has been largely discussed in the Company Act, it is suggested being taken as an advocacy regulation to prevent the risk of losing the land.
